"x"
"“But then many lives have been sacrificed all over the world even to this very day to fight for their respective community’s rights and the sanctity of the beliefs and honour of their country."
"10. I Love You, Man"
"RIX:"
"I’m crazy and she knows, still it’s all good i suppose"
"Learn from my lack of awareness, and my silly trusting nature. And here is the form... sent 5 months late, from the Sheffield Hallam Finance Directorate, who could not direct a leaf down a stream. Enjoy!"
"In just a few minutes I will have my Wild Orchid Challenge card posted and will be offering the last basket which this time is PINK and filled with some SWEET STUFF!!! So don't miss it today!!!! Hugs to all!!!"
"Charlie Joiner: 750 catches, 12,146 yards, 65 TDs"
"My heart going boom boom boom"
"(Click on the coaster photos (by Joe Schwartz) for more)"
"Good morning - It's time for another Sweet Sunday Sketch Challenge! Here is the deal: make a card with this layout and use the InLinkz button down at the very end of this post to enter your card. The links will close in two weeks, next Friday at 10 PM (Mountain Time). Be sure to link directly to the blog post or gallery image which features your card. You may post a picture of the sketch on your blog, but please save the"
"For years my travels have been a great blessing. Travel for me has not been a “special occasion.” It has been, to this day and hour, a way of life. I always tell people that if “you have always wanted to go there” why not go? As I sit writing this in a cafe across from the Louvre – in a city of my dreams – Paris – I reflect on two things in particular."
"An Irish pub across the road didn't seem to promise much, usually the beer choice is terrible at these places."
"The world Maria creates in Poison Study is magic, simple and beautiful. Ixia was reigned by an unjust king when Commander Ambrose took the power from him to right things. Ixia is divided in different Military Districts (MD, for short) and ruled according to the Code. The same Code that dictates that Yelena must me executed for murdering her adoptive father's son. She's an orphan, but she's not an assassin; General Brazell and Reyad, his son, brutally abused her and a lot of other orphaned children that they had taken \"under their care\". Yelena did what she did fully conscious of her acts. She just wanted to spare the other children that would surely come after her. She's set to prison to wait to be executed. Except, luck seems to be on her side and she's offered the position to be the Commander's food taster."
"“In recent weeks, Dollo Ado in southern Ethiopia has been receiving a weekly average of 450 new Somali refugees. More than 8,500 have been registered so far this year, pushing the refugee population in the area’s five camps past the 150,000 mark,” said a UNHCR spokesman."
"I know this isn't the typical recipe I post, but it's food, it's fresh and it's great for your skin and well-being."
"- Tariq Hafiz, Supervisory Patent Examiner for Art Unit 3623;"
"Nobody can quite understand why I've bought this but I can visualise how amazing it will look when finished. AAAaaand I've seen how much the restored versions of these go for on Ebay... Its all about Mid Century Modern furniture at the moment."
"I still have moods that go up and down, and I'm still insecure about a lot of things, and simultaneously excited and afraid about the future. But life's like that isn't it. I think it swings between states of happiness and fear, satisfaction and laziness, pride and insecurity. Only non living systems stay in the same state permanently, until they are programmed to fall apart. If you're alive, and not under the influence of pharmaceuticals that claim to make you well, you're going to have to feel all those things."
"Narrator A pretty one with engravings? That sounds lovely. But what are you going to do about the gardener? Won’t he notice?"
"Anyhoo, we headed out to the vineyard last Saturday night to meet up with some of our friends. We arrived early so we could get a good table and the weather was absolutely perfect! We grabbed a table with an umbrella and we were looking forward to listening to the 80's and 90's band playing that night. Unfortunately, the music was awful so we completely tuned them out while we visited with good friends and did wine tasting. While there, James Arthur and his dog, Max, gave us a tour of the vineyard. It was a beautiful night for a tour and the sun was just starting to set. At that point (and very early on in the night), my camera battery died! Therefore, we used our cell phones and some pictures were e-mailed to me, which is why the resolution is bad in some of the pictures below. I was extremely disappointed because there were photo opportunities everywhere and I felt completely lost without my camera!"
"Even the volcano came out to celebrate! It was clear viewing all day – what a wedding gift from Mother Nature!"
"I've been trying to wait to blog until I'm a little bit less... discouraged. But it hasn't happened yet so, here I am."
"set us off apart"
"It would be fun, we suppose, to hear Vladimir Seriousness von Niederhoffentanger spoken over and over in a Malaysian courtroom."
"Q Does that include distributing ROM passes at all Toronto library branches rather than just a few of them?"
"What threatened me was what I consider my inability to encourage her to speak Japanese. I knew quite a few Japanese friends in Arlington, Virginia, with whom I had Japanese play groups on regular basis to keep a Japanese environment for my kids. I don’t have this any more. My older daughter started going to an English-speaking kindergarten and now she’ll be at school dipped in an English environment for at least over 6 hours a day and all her friends are English speakers. At this age, friends becomes a significant part of their social life, more so than parents."
"Ace – Young man, thank you for the friendship and camaraderie. Tagay na!"
"It looks very much as if Baker has based his IPA specification on Bass. Which I suppose isn't unreasonable. It's just that in London, brewers and drinkers had other ideas about what constituted an IPA. Which was the authentic IPA: London or Burton?"
"Two things stand out here. First, the notion that any sane individual can be “guilty” of something, but be unconscious thereof is a rather odd idea to find in Britain (but not in the former Soviet Union or communist China). Second, note the emphasis on there being a distinction between ‘the institution or organisation’ and ‘the individuals within the service’. Nothing, however, is said about the minimum number of individuals in the ‘system’ which constitutes a crossing of the threshold from ‘individual racism’ to ‘institutional racism’. So when those who use ‘institutional racism’ maintain that they are not targeting ‘individuals’ but then go on to accuse the ‘system’, without providing numerical data, they are, in the absence of such data or definition, withdrawing their concession that ‘we are not talking about individuals.’ This absence of clarity means that the anti-racists can have it both ways. If it suits their various agendas, the remarks of one individual will be taken as prima facie evidence of “institutional racism”, and thus as justification for wholesale purging of the particular institution (police force, universities, schools, armed forces and so on). And are members of the MPS Black Police Association - a black-only organisation - exempt from accusations of institutional racism in the way they police the majority white population? And if yes, why? And why have the Commission for Racial Equality (CRE) and the Equal Opportunities Commission (EOC) maintained such a deafening silence about black-only organisations when any white organisation that closed its doors to blacks, even were it do so on grounds of free association, would be hounded mercilessly?"
"Stanislaw said that Winters, 33, and Herbstreit, 38, first met in 2002 following a September 14 GameDay appearance in Columbus for a matchup between eventual national champion Ohio State and eleventh ranked Washington State."
"“I can’t ride with you.”"
"...Patrick J. Kennedy, the former representative from Rhode Island, who donated $35,800 to an Obama re-election fund last fall while seeking administration support for a nonprofit venture, said contributions were simply a part of “how this business works.”"
"The “MAID” option."
"And snuggle them at night."
"Is wanting to socialise wrong? Of course not, that is absurd. Is simply wanting to connect and be with others wrong? Of course not, but defining who we are by drawing a sense of identity from the way we interact with others isn’t finding the truth of who we are. I’m not saying we shouldn’t love one another, or interact with one another, if we experience loneliness when that stops, then it simply means that we don’t love ourselves enough to just be. Being alone should not affect us adversely. We are all ultimately alone."
"By now you should’ve broken down 4 or 5 goals for the next year. Maybe lose some weight; maybe go back to school or save some money. They should be SMART goals (Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Relevant, Time-specific). But how do you get there? You break it up into manageable chucks, each chunk itself a mini-SMART Goal."
"It is a day of family togetherness. Throughout the week, we don't always have a daily family meal together - the children and I eat together, of course, but my husband often comes home when the girls are already in bed. We have resorted to emailing each other, because often, it's difficult to squeeze in even a hurried phone call. Shabbat, on the other hand, means the luxury of Daddy and his girls being together all day long."
"Last, we have a few changes here at Tiddly Inks:"
"O.K. I do have a little money in the bank. But if I give it to him, then what about next month when he doesn’t have money? My bank account is so small that it would only be about 2-3 months before he would have depleted it. And then what?"
"There had been some sort of heated discussions shortly after the arrow was sent through the tent, but those abruptly ended when Brulee charged forward. Crème could hear the clash of steel, but no more arrows went through the tent."
"Scratches its innocent behind on a tree."
"It's okay to cry babies."
"“YOU’RE GOING TO HELL” he proclaimed."
"The surgeons’ knife"
"Ah, an alumni from the Friday the 13th franchise is up next. She plays Kit here, and her character in the Friday film she did get dressed up as Jason's mother at the end. So that one was, what, the second movie? The third one, maybe. I think it was the second one. Hey, gimme a break! I watch at least one of these a week! After awhile, they all start to blend together..."
"Joann, I certainly have a new perspective on your selling techniques. Bravo!"
"were all I needed."
"You steal away the rain, and just like that"
"2. I usually only piant my nails on my left hand, that's why my left hand is stained and my right hand isn't."
"In total 27 000 women and children made the highest sacrifice in the British hell camps during the struggle for the freedom of the Boerevolk."
"of the woman to whom he is talking"
"Questions kept flowing in reminding me of how foolish I have been and how ill prepared I am to provide for myself and my children in times of an emergency despite current events and disasters that have devastated many."
"Maybe the person is staring back at you in the mirror. Do you believe in what Each One for US All has set out to do? Do you think you can inspire others to get involved in our cause and support the organization?"
"Basal body temperature: 36.3 C."
"I did not see you in a dream to tell you"
"Spinach and Parmesan Quiche"
"Isn't this just another boring article illustrating the left's enduring fetish about Nazis? The Nazi Party and its acolytes were utterly destroyed over 65 years ago and its leading lights were killed or imprisoned. Either way Nazism was totally discredited as a creed while the architects of the left's monstrous (and in many ways greater) crimes suffered no such fate. Yet in the best traditions of Joseph Mccarthy, the UK left would have you believe that there are closet Nazis everywhere....in, under and on the bed. It's utter self-serving b******s which enables them to shift attention from the crimes committed by the left."
"IT WAS THE BEST!!!!!!!!!"
"“Make them curious, for example.”"
"Another potential reason is cultural. Japanese culture is different then North American culture. Japan has practiced a form of chivalry called the Bushido for centuries. This honour code originated with neo-Confuscionism and was practiced by Samurai. However this honour code found its way into the very fabric of Japanese society. Today while Japanese culture has changed drastically the honour code is still practiced by most politicians and businessmen."
"After that, I was like \"oh yeah, I am totally awesome at this!\" and went down again. Only to freak out right at the end and plant my feet, resulting in me flipping over, flying in the air, and face planting right in the snow. It hurt. And it was cold."
"You may have noted that the above scenario introduces up to 5 seconds of latency between the server knowing something and the client being informed on its next poll. Not the kind of performance we expect in a new application, surely! You try to reduce the timings lower, to give you better latency; now, this may or may not work, although in this scenario you better hope that your server keeps up with servicing the requests! If not then you’ll soon DDOS you own server (and database, and router etc) as connection requests start stacking up."
"Hers are the limbs that crush you."
"Now I was going to sort through some of my crafty stash for some candy but as I hop along blogland I see what a lot of people are loving at the moment & hey who can blame them, they are my fave digi's I love them soooooooooooo much I really do. I also know that there are peeps who havn't had chance yet to try these beauties so I asked the lovely Krista to draw me up a gift certificate to an amount that I thought would allow you to pick a good choice of images........"
"Kiawah Island golf courses in the south carolina gamecocks history since the 1960's! So you have health insurance then do not want you to maintain employment and travel to and from necessary locations. Contacting a South Carolina realty is the south carolina gamecocks history can upgrade your lifestyle? Who wouldn't? Most of us would enjoy having a larger home with more land, but we don't want to take away your freedom, your driving privileges, and your refusal cannot be wrong. Go there with your partner and see why it is important to highlight however, that there are a fine of $400 and 48 hours of community service in lieu of serving jail time, you may be well advised to politely decline to answer any questions put forth to by law to help you obtain contact information needed to schedule a test. Having a qualified South Carolina locations. The beaches are world-famous and so are the south carolina gamecocks history a little more clear."
"it was all ‘stuff’ and ‘things’"
"But I'm tired of trying to be something I ain't."
"— Marty Sabota"
"Dear Lord, help us to give birth to good thoughts and deeds today. Amen."
"“If you don’t come back to Hinduism, you will die,” a man told him."
"Do you can???"
"“Okay then, you can easily make a purple evening dress yourself. Or maybe Gran could make one for you. It’s not the end of the world, you know? And that business with the invitation… every year she threatens not to invite you. And every year you go back like a good little girl and have a good time. It’s been the same story ever since you were at nursery together. There’s no need to be sad about it now.”"
"VG: Anything else you'd like to add? what are you working on now, for example?"
"If you compare the original value study to the final artwork you will see that I was pretty accurate to my plan. In fact, I overlaid the two in photoshop, and there was so little difference that I didn't save it because there really wasn't anything to see."
"\"Give and Take..."
"This was a fantastically whimsical garden. Toys and trinkets were a big feature here. It had a very cottage garden feel with lots of bent willow adorning the beds. There were several upside-down trees used in creative ways, lending it a very playful tone as well, almost like a fairy land! The gallery had some great pieces for sale, and it fit well in the garden setting."
"1389 D-VIII/10/2001. “Abraham Lincoln’s Four Annual Messages to Congress.” Morton Foundation Seminar on Lincoln, Regenstein Library, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois."
"Fashion Campus NYC: Programming to expose summer interns to the"
"Year of Release: 1975"
"I spent my first day of freedom doing a shopping marathon with my mama at bloomingdales and macy’s. we have a massive mission: buy a pair of wedge shoes & buy dresses for NYU graduation, Tisch graduation, my cousins wedding, my cousin’s pre wedding celebrations, and a dress for my friends bridal shower. Trying to cover all the requirements for those occasions with as few dresses a possible? definitely a challenge. But we did it!"
"See you all soon with another interesting post. Till then, Happy Cooking and Happy Blogging!"
"“But does it run in our family?”"
"On Monday that meant going to Suomenlinna for a picnic and some other fun traditions, so in the morning I made chocolate-raspberry muffins while waiting for Miro to wake up. They look retarded but were tasty."
"In France, action painting and Abstract Expressionism are called Tachisme (Tachism).Pronunciation: ack·shun payn·ting – from about.com"
"Prof. Larry M. Lynch is an EFL Teacher Trainer, Intellectual Development Specialist, author and speaker. He has written ESP, foreign language learning, English language teaching texts and hundreds of articles used in more than 135 countries. Get your FREE E-book, “If you Want to Teach English Abroad, Here's What You Need to Know\" by requesting the title at: lynchlarrym@gmail.com Need a blogger or copywriter to promote your school, institution, service or business or an experienced writer and vibrant SEO content for your website, blog or newsletter? Then E-mail me for further information."
"“Hope you dont’ tryu something stupid like try to win it or something,” Greg warns me, “I’m sure winning a sporting event is a clear vilation of the Code.”"
"I don’t feel lonely anymore. I think I understand this, but it is still surprises me. Now that I’m not looking for approval and attention, I am totally content to just be me. (What?? Seriously?? Yes, it has surprised me too)"
"These incredible posters were created by the student organization at Ohio University called Students Teaching Against Racism (STARS). Amazingly, these posters became popular over Tumblr on their president’s blog site (here). Their mission is “to educate and facilitate discussion about racism and to promote racial harmony and to create a safe, non-threatening environment to allow participants to feel comfortable to express their feelings.”"
"18. My French Brother"
"He almost leaped, as if catching himself. A black backpack tossed over his shoulder with one hand, and the empty tray in the other, he walked towards the cleanup line. I stood to walk with him, offering to take his tray, but he shook me away. His eyes flashed at me, young, intelligent, dark, proud, deep, spirited eyes. I felt small as a child, walking next to his wiry athletic frame. I surrendered my hands high and stepped aside."
"For the remainder of the Oscars' short stay in New York, they were broadcast from the New Century Theater*, at Seventh Ave. and 58th Street, right off Columbus Circle and best known as the theater that Orson Welles and his spirited cast stormed in 1937 to perform his musical The Cradle Will Rock."
"Noteshelf has a FREE app for you to play with. But if you find you like it, beware that the information that you put in the free version might NOT transfer to the PAID version. So play with it, and if you see it has usefulness, go buy the paid version. You can also purchase more book covers (I love poka dots!) and more specialize paper types. The paid version is $5.99 but well worth it! and the extra’s run .99 for a variety of covers or papers (not just one or two- more like 4-6) GREAT App."
"Everything else can wait. I'm growing a human after all. And whenever I add that to my mental list of accomplishments for the day, I always feel much more successful ;)"
"Doctor Who News Page - 8.0m"
"Clinique have a really lightweight powder foundation that gives that no make-up make-up look while protecting your skin from damage."
"Jack has given up puttering in a garage, having friends who are available for a bike ride or a face to face chat. He's given up mountain biking, and spending time with his grandparents. For the most part, Jack has given up time away from his parents. That's pretty important for a teen searching for independence. There's not a lot of places to go to be truly away from your parents in a boat. Sure, you can take the dinghy to the beach, or go for a hike alone, but there's not a lot to do. We have gone months without even seeing another teenager. It can be a pretty lonely existence for a young teen."
"Don’t ever use the term un-American again for protesters who love this country and are exercising their rights upon which this country was founded. By the way, while I served in the Army, I was spit on by the same type of lunatics who support you and who you probably supported in the 60s and 70s. You are an embarrassment to all of us who served so that you would have the protected right of free speech to call us un-American. But at the same time, I have the right to write you to notify you that I consider you to be un-American, as do the majority of the people of this formerly great country. You are a true disgrace to most of the people who served this country by offering themselves for public service in the United States Congress."
"Fry the frog legs until they turn golden brown and crispy"
"4 thick slices honey-baked ham, cut into 1/2-inch pieces"
"Scorch the lizards to leather,"
"PML (N) Quaid Mian Nawaz Sharif had declared that (after the assassination of Benazir Bhutto) if PPP decides to contest the elections then PML (N) would also do the same. What made Mian Nawaz Sharif decide to do so? It wouldn’t be wrong to say that it was Nawaz Sharif’s vision & foresight to understand as to what would happen if PML (N) decides not to contest; the foresight Imran Khan lacks till date."
"To unschool is to live. That’s it plain and simple. It’s to feel the fire in the belly and your mind explode; it’s to sit in the living room on a snowy night with a cup of tea while reading your favourite book until wee hours in the morning. It’s to wake up at 5 am to watch the sun rise and then go back to bed. It’s having that stranger sitting beside you become your best friend for the next hour. It’s going on a crazy adventure to listen to your favourite author talk in the next city. It’s volunteering at the art gallery or anarchist bookstore. Its life: anything you want it to be."
"A string of incidents earned Le Fida a bad reputation. The particulars behind each incident are the stuff of urban legend, and it is nearly impossible to parse out the apocryphal from the true, but in the end, it probably does not matter if there really was a knife fight between prostitutes or a gunfight over an unpaid soccer bet. What is absolutely true is that in the mid to late 2000s, Le Fida stopped hosting live music on account of violent confrontations."
"\"Living a life of faith means never knowing where you are being led. But it does mean loving and knowing the One who is leading.\"Even in my attempts to live a life of faith, I wonder if I'm really depending on God for everything. As long as I know that everything will be fine, I'm ready to move... but if there are any questions lingering, I find myself saying, \"I don't have a peace about this.\" Is my faith deep enough to move me in spite of that restlessness? Am I willing to blindly step out in obedience as Abraham did?"
"My great feelings about S.F. are how the community is finally thinking about how the litter is going overboard. Also, I have noticed how more considerate people are now. I am glad and if we can do this every day, we can help the environment improve."
"Flogged his donkey right to the bone?"
"So happy I have finally joined a book club! I need to get on reading this new book :) Happy to be introduced to some new literature I would have never thought about reading before. Ready to expand my horizons!"
"And we ate. And ate. And ate some more. I even ate an Italian sausage and felt terrible about it. I haven't fallen off the vegetarian wagon very often since I started, but it has happened a few times. The fair and all the yummy smells and delicious flavors pushed me over the edge. I did manage to stay away from the Krispy Kreme burger and the fried Oreos. But the sausage got me."
"And we ended the celebration by releasing sky lanterns high into the night sky and reading what was my favorite gift of the night, \"You Are Special\" by Max Lucado. Thank you so much Holly,we LOVE it. If you have not read this, it is so inspiring and so sweet. Oh what a wonderful world it would be if we Wemmick's had no boxes of golden stars or gray dots, ah yes....a wonderful world we can continue to dream of...someday."
"We're starting our own Christmas traditions."
"How has the e-version of the novel fared?"
"Please seek help from all stakeholders, and if they don’t respond, find ways to get them on board before proceeding. Please refer to codes of conduct set in countries ranking high for press freedom (which does not translate to press anarchy, much as has been drilled into all of us)."
"As a member of the Hip Hop community I see Chief Wahoo often on caps, jerseys and T’s. Everyone has a reason for wearing an “Indian Sambo”…whether their white, black, brown, yellow or red…."
"an we cum too"
"Advice: Breaking your day up into appointments and time segments increases the sense of acceleration"
"There’s not much I can actually tell you about “Cabin in the Woods” without ruining some of the joy that comes with seeing it for the first time. If there’s one thing I can tell you though, is that it’s the mother of all horror genre films. However, it’s not exactly frightening. “Cabin in the Woods” is a tough film to peg because it’s the ultimate representation of multiple genres, including comedy, horror, slasher, and monster flicks. It takes what you’re all too familiar with and deconstructs it to the point where you have to wonder what’s left over for other filmmakers."
"~Great Coloring Techniques"
"I asked a million questions and made a million comments during the evaluation. She always nodded, smiled and wrote a note while saying,\"Dr. M will be able to give you an answer to that.\""
"I think there may be lots of myself hidden in the character of Ella. When I wrote this book I was caring for my father, who was diagnosed and suffering with Lewy Body Dementia, and I was still recovering from the recent death of my mother. Ella’s feelings about her mother’s death reflect a lot of my own grief process."
"Originally produced for DK's marketing staff, the video--which literally reverses itself halfway through, turning the conventional doom and gloom about the future of books on its head in the most ingenious way--has since gone viral."
"Then Aya meets a clique of girls who pull crazy tricks, yet are deeply secretive of it. Aya wants desperately to kick their story, to show everyone how intensely cool the Sly Girls are. But doing so would propel her out of extra-land and into the world of fame, celebrity...and extreme danger. A world she's not prepared for."
"Stamp: Signature Greetings"
"Archived entries are also allowed but they must be reposted."
"Daniel: We see you wearing a lot of Le Coq merchandise, are you in any way an ambassador of the brand, and if so how did you get it? Phela le rena we want these connects (lol)."
"Praying for Your Pastor"
"QUESTION:"
"Nicholas Green QC:"
"A secondary source of livelihood has developed around these centers of industry in the form of the provision of transportation for the employees, haulage of product and materials and services and equipment suppliers, so in truth an even larger segment of the local population makes a living as a result of Israeli entrepreneurship in this region."
"According to Levi:"
"“We had possession in the second half, and we did the things we wanted to do,” Gonzalez said. “We were able to create things and play a little wider, and we got the win.”"
"and see the words"
"We are out delivering eggs this evening and this is a conversation that transpires . . ."
"6) Secular."
"For giving me the things I need"
"Fighting tears to grow; fighting this to be;"
"Until then, check out these tracks. They'll get you moving."
"He chases them into the woods, where Natalie and Brenda somehow get split up. When Natalie realizes that Brenda is no longer with her, she stops running and hears her screaming somewhere in the distance. Natalie hears Paul getting closer, and manages to flag down a pickup truck, which happens to be driven by the creepy janitor. Despite her unease around the guy, Natalie accepts a ride from him."
"I say people of faith can be very dangerous bunch."
"‘I bend my knee to no one,’ he continued. ‘Without the Monarchy, there would be no aristocrats owning vast swathes of our green and pleasant land simply because their ancestors stole it from the previous occupants.’"
"There are some excellent seminars to learn more about Tequila. Eric Lorenz, Canada‘s National Tequila Examiner is doing Tequila 101 from 11AM to 12:30PM. Having been to Eric’s seminars, I can attest that this will be an excellent opportunity to really learn how Tequilas are produced and where. We always learn something new from Eric about Tequila. There is also a Seminar on The Ancient Origins Of Agave Spirits from 1PM to 2:30PM."
"There are some ads on TV that drive me mental to such an extent that I have come to feel somewhat violated by sheer ridiculousness. I thought I was alone in despising truly terrible ads. How wrong I was. Today I bought a newspaper for the first time in…well a long time. I picked up a copy of the Herald and can you imagine my orgasmic delight to find Michael Cullen writing about all those things that mean the world to me. I almost felt I had to hide from view my copy of the paper due to the fact that its value had suddenly sky rocketed. Eyeing everybody like a trapped lioness, I was ready to pounce should anybody even consider looking at MY paper. OK! That’s taking things a bit far, fair enough. Mr. Cullen, also editor of a well known marketing magazine, said what I had been thinking for just about my entire life. I’m not going to quote him because I haven’t got the Herald here beside me (it’s in the safe!) but his point was that companies shouldn’t waste time making up stories, or trying to tell the viewer too much information. Essentially, they should pare down their idea, and give it to the audience. Spot on. Did I mention that I’m a huge fan of allusion?"
"These were no “educated guesses” from Camping’s point of view. Nor from his loyal followers’ point of view. As he put it on his website, “…these dates are 100% accurate and beyond dispute.” And as he told numerous interviewers, “The Bible guarantees it.”"
"After that we got down to the experimentation. There were several of us and we all tried using the instructions on the video. This is one of them."
"Plenty of 20s and 30s but nobody really going on with it. However the wickets were slow and runs hard to come by. The top 3 were particuarly disappointing as they were batting against a harder ball and generally had the best of the batting conditions."
"As a key policy of his new remit, Davey is happy to have introduced the new morally judgemental housing priority criteria: fast tracking for needy families with parents who can offer proof of their 'positive contribution' to the community, and he is also imposing a five year limit for new tenancies, which will stop the undeserving poor from getting too comfortable in their subsidised social housing, put down roots, or maintain continuity for their no doubt equally feckless children. If only these lazy residents would try to aspire to the values followed by our Tory councillors, and learn from the remarkably positive contribution to the community they undoubtedly make."
"Demanding to be heard: Protesters brandish signs and yell outside the News Corporation building"
"Producer:Niney"
"Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday"
"Todays pick of the week comes from What Not 2 Crochet you know there are quite of bit of creations out there that should just not be crocheted and displayed, crocheted….maybe…But definately NOT displayed…"
"\"Um, I think it's a little too big for Mommy,\" I said."
"I'm going to bed."
"Well, I don’t think they’ll be happy if I put their actual name online, on my blog. They’ll probably kill me. Especially my EXTRME Jpop friend. She get annoyed or angry at the SLIGHTEST things. Like if you write a romanji wrong … or pronounce something wrong. Ahh.. It’s hard being her friend. Jk. we’ve been friends for .. three to four years.. I’ve gotten used to it."
"The painting above is a class demo I did a few weeks ago, and it depicts an alleyway in Winters. I did a little glazing after it was dry, so it wasn't entirely done in one sitting."
"Step One: You call your insurance company and make a claim. They send out an adjustor to verify the damage. “Yep,” they say, “you’ve got damage for a covered risk (fire) and we’ll issue a check for replacement cost” (because you were prudent enough to purchase replacement cost coverage)."
"This bowing effect – where the tips of the wing move downwards at speed – is commonly used as the front wing then sits closer to the ground and can generate more downforce. Despite a lot of theories about mechanisms or heat being responsible for the flex, the answer is much simpler: it is down to the way you want the wing to work i.e. the tips to bend down without the wing twisting and thereby reducing the wing’s angle of attack. This is all done with the lay-up of the composites – I’m told it is a “nightmare“ and have heard of composites technicians spending weeks trying different lay-ups to get this effect, but once worked out it is very effective."
"You say \"WHAT?\". I didn't sign up for this! But my brilliant daughter got on the internet, read everything she could and figured out how to express Mr. Mooney's bladder. Actually, it's easy and minimally messy. Really all you do is take him outside, but your hands around his stomach and pus with your fingers. He will do all the rest of the work. But it has to be done every 2 hours round the clock. WHEW!"
"the beak is made of little summer sun (also retired) triangles. I raised the whole thing on dimensionals."
"You may notice new photos of me popping up here and there, because with the updates, I also had a photo session with a good friend of mine who was kind enough to photograph me at my home, so I could have some better head-shots as I start to promote my biz..."
"One of my favorite characters that Michael Moorcock created was Elric the 428th sorcerer emperor of Melnibone. Being an albino, he's a sickly king who is kept alive through drugs and sorcery. He's charged with keeping many traditions, many so vile and cruel it makes Drow look civilized. He's also deeply in love with Cymoril who is his cousin. An unlikely character for swords & sorcery fiction. Through the course of the series, Elric finds himself at odds with the evil ways of his people, and his cousin Yrkoon who has been plotting to take the throne by force or treachery."
"While the cute tram, a combination of orange coloured and clear glass, cream coloured metal and shiny wood (see photo), rattled and snaked its way through the town-centre, I was told it dated from 1928."
"And, I know some of you want to know, \"is he sound?\" He felt GREAT to me. The vestigial swelling and sensitivity is gone from his left hip. No soreness evident going either right or left at the canter, even in the 10m canter circles. PHEW!!! I don't consider us completely out of the woods yet: if he starts getting sore from work, then I may have to get him rechecked. But, so far everything is pointing to just a good bruising."
"This species, despite its size, does not pose significant danger to humans. Whale sharks are actually quite gentle and can play with divers. Divers and snorkelers can swim with this giant fish without risk, apart from unintentional blows from the shark’s large tail fin.’"
"Season tilapia with 1/2 tsp salt; place 1 fillet in center of 1 half of each piece of foil. Sprinkle each fillet with 2 tbsp lemon juice and 1 tsp capers."
"Kate Sheffield, the older sister, stands in the way. Kate is a few years older and is always over looked. When she sees Anthony has taken a liking towards her sister her blood boils. He was a rake and she would not let him take her sister or her heart."
"Ben not only stepped out of line and glared at him but didn’t let him finish . Though ironically by demanding, daring Evan to finish what he’d started to say “What? You got something to say?”"
"*paper scraps"
"are all Marines who gave their lives for you. There is no media for them; not even a mention of their names. Young Men who most likely came from rural America seeking a chance to better themselves and to serve this county."
"-Print and/or create a book of the entire year of collages into a photobook."
"26. I Saw The Light"
"what we see is a meal –"
"4. Do you exercise? Where? When? How long?"
"Yep, not fair for the kids… :))"
"Third, I went out after work with a couple of colleagues and one of them, who is all of 26, had never heard of the band X. As a result, I went home and burned her a CD that contains, among other bands, X, fIREHOSE, the Meat Puppets, Butthole Surfers, Zeitgeist, Husker Du, and Jim Carroll."
"Luff Imbry was another invention who grew in the telling. He began as a supporting character in Black Brillion. After it came out, I got a nice review of my early books from Nick Gevers, Jack Vance aficionado and co-editor of Postscripts, and when I got in touch he said he’d like to see a story from me. We talked about it a little and decided that Imbry had legs. I originally set out to be a crime writer, and only fell into writing science fantasy by accident (people kept telling me they’d buy novels or stories if I wrote them), and Imbry was an opportunity to create a real noir baddie. I think of him by the way, as much like Sydney Greenstreet’s character Kaspar Gutman in The Maltese Falcon, with a little Peter Ustinov stirred in."
"We're pleased to see the giants toppled, we tell ourselves. The little people overwhelming the all-powerful, tweeting them to death. But they're not naturally powerful; we made the media powerful. We lapped up their stories of indiscretions, paid good money for them to go through our bins."
"What I want to know is, WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS WORLD? This dog came from a shelter, who microchipped the dog. I find \"follow-up\" in shelters to be pretty much non-existant. And really? How can it be? The sheer numbers alone... how can one really do any follow up at all? I go to bed at night wondering how many dogs (cats, critters) are being abused tonight, while my dogs are safe, warm, tucked in bed next to me. I worry what if one of my dogs escapes and lands in the wrong hands? I obsess about making sure they are attended to even in my own fenced yard! In this dog rescue business, I hear EVERYTHING. People love to share this shit. I don't really take time to wonder what the motive is, cuz anything beyond education, is just a waste. I believe it's all we see and do in rescue that set us up for Compassion Fatigue of Animal Care Work. And in my opinion, that is killer. Oh you can try to bury your head in the sand, pretend it doesn't happen, but fact is, it's probably happening in your very neighborhood, in one form or another. We could go thru the \"what- ifs\" all day long, but the bottom line is, if we know of this and do nothing, aren't we as much to blame? Indeed.... ponder on that for a while folks."
"The up and down, the carousel"
"08. Sliver"
"1 teaspoon finely grated onion"
"After the crash, several of Hood’s former Marine cohorts gathered at the farm and began to take in crash survivors. The community had expanded to the point where it was somewhat difficult to maintain. They had no real problem with disease or violence inside the camp, but they had started to see a sharp up-tick in people leaving the nearby cities."
"What IS the \"T\" in Russell T Davies, by the way?"
"Ahh New Orleans. Come on baby. I'm traveling the city streets and finally made it back to the airport. Sitting around waiting for plane, and I notice something peculiar on the bottle list. Abita. http://www.abita.com/ Lord knows everyone is all up on the Abita water, so the beer has to be good right. Word is, NO cats love this stuff, so I gave this my fullest review yet."
"my wee girl is five and i want to stop time. it feels like everything is moving so fast and i am not savoring it enough...suddenly we are here at five when my girl's lanky legs hang down to my knees and i grunt when she sits on my lap. i remember easily when she was so light that she fit into the crook of one arm."
"I started with a round base card and extra piece to stick on as a panel. For the entire design I used only 2 colours of starburst stains. These were Tibetian poppy teal and Heliotrope purple plum available from The Stampman of course."
"It’s more than just the cuddling, the closeness, the smooching that usually follows. I also like being capable. Of course I can’t run a marathon schlepping my kid around in my arms, (I can’t run a marathon just by myself) but I can carry her through a store because she fell down and hurt her knee (is tired, cranky, needs a squoosh hug, whatever). I like being strong enough to pick things up and I look at carrying her as my training; if I keep doing it as she gets bigger I’m only getting stronger right? I don’t understand the ‘she’s too old for that’ thought. Says who? And if I want to do it what do you care? People are so weird."
"Between the middle of that night before the high Priest and Sanhedrin and the forenoon of the next day when Jesus was nailed to his cross, every one of these laws was broken. Our Lord not only was falsely accused, he was then struck and spit upon by members of the court."
"\"I know but... I'd like to PURCHASE another.\""
"Bell Pepper, (optional), 1 pc, cut into bite size"
"Every new onesie and pair of socks he grew out of, week after week, went right into a bag, handed over to a good friend without a second thought ."
"I have participated in my fair share of therapy. You might have guessed that if you have been reading my blog for very long. (I hope you have) And, as a result of all of that therapy I tend to over analyze my own thinking, feelings and have lengthy conversations with the third party voice in my head. I was once told that this is a symptom of co-dependence, and maybe it is. Either way, the voice, I am willing to concede, is my own voice doubting and judging myself. Because of this doubting judge I always second guess my feelings of being taken advantage of, or perhaps being used. Those are kind of harsh words for what I mean, but you get the gist. I tend to be over generous, something I have also been told is a symptom of co-dependence, always trying to be nice, please and gain favor by others and to keep the peace, etc. Maybe all true, either way, again, it is who I am and while I am aware of the therapeutic analogies that go along with the behaviors, I cannot for the life of me stop myself from getting into situations where I have been kind and generous to a person.Then feeling after a period of time that I have fallen prey to someone who is wholly capable to taking advantage of the situation and thereby rendering me PISSED....at them and myself."
"I always know what I need to know! Amen!"
"In response to Lovelock’s interview, the Climate Depot website stated: “MSNBC, perhaps the most unlikely of news sources, reports on what may be seen as the official end of the manmade global warming fear movement.”"
"So far, so abstract. In practice, what does it matter if I’m a Cheech or a David? Can’t I just continue writing and pretend no one has noticed? I suppose it depends on why you want to write. All over the internet you can find blog posts from aspiring writers entitled things like, ‘I AM a writer!’ containing bold admissions along the lines of: ‘There, I said it: I’m a writer. A person who writes’ (find your own examples – they’re too tedious for me to revisit). These people are David Shayne before the fall, not hungry enough even to stretch out a hand for an apple from the tree of self-knowledge. Because writing is the means to an end, or so it should be, and the word ‘writer’ is more than a rusting halo to be worn to impress all the other would-be angels."
"Gonzalo Alvarez from the University of Santiago de Compostela has confirmed that inbreeding indeed was the reason for the extinction of this dynasty. He traced the pedigree of the entire line back through 16 generations, including over 3,000 people."
"Thanks again for your continued support and for making our little challenge such a fun place to play along :-)"
"Friday – Chicken Curry, rice and veggie"
"Maybe not."
"Thank you very much. I enjoyed thoroughly not being nibbled or becoming more of a mouthful for what was lurking underneath. And returning, un-nibbled, to Key West at the end of the day, all parts intact!"
"@Windaddict's/@hopsafari declared this dish to be his favorite dessert of all time. This is Chef Philip's take on the Wendy's Frosty with Fries. It isn't a secret that I'm a lover of the Wendy's Frosty, and this dessert really knocks it out of the park. A french fry cream borders the outside of the dish that is topped with a variety of sweet soils. On top of that is a aerated and dehydrated chocolate shake topped with a creamy sorbet. Many of Chef Philip's desserts require that you eat all of the components together. When you eat each one of these components together, you'll get a time warp back to your childhood of fries in ice cream. You might even be doing it as an adult. Have no shame. Chef Philip doesn't."
"Pictures and stories to come next week when I finally get a chance to breathe (not complaining - like I said, I wouldn't change a thing about it)."
"“We saw a female looking extremely thin,” she said. “She’s a reproductive female who had a calf in 2010, and now she’s just not looking well. The animals aren’t looking as good as we might hope. Their condition and their nutritional fitness has declined.”"
"Anne herself recognized that she had over-stepped the boundaries of appropriate wifely behavior. At her trial, insisting that she was “clear of all the offences which you have laid to my charge,” she went on to acknowledge, not only her “jealous fancies” but her failure to show the King “that humility which his goodness to me, and the honours to which he raised me, merited.”[13] Anne’s recognition that she had not shown the King enough humility, in this context, shows remarkable insight into the gender politics that undoubtedly played a role in her downfall. She stood accused of adultery and treason. Yet she did not simply refute those charges; she admitted to a different “crime”: not remaining in her proper “place.” In juxtaposing these two, Anne seems to be suggesting that not only did she recognize that she had transgressed against the norms of wifely behavior, but that this transgression was somehow related to the grim situation she now found herself in."
"Until the next sniff, sip quaff or half bottle,"
"this month i celebrated 26 years clean and sober. i've spent some really peaceful time reflecting on those years these past few weeks, and the nightmare years that preceded them. this is as opposed to all the times i have agonized with guilt and shame, wishing for a different story. to really embrace the path that brought me to this place, this now....that is the miracle of my life today."
"The story of her death lingered around town for a few years and while many people made claims of seeing her haunting the hotel and specifically, the room she died in, Leo says that no one with any credibility ever reported seeing anything out of the ordinary."
"Beat in water (or broth), and then chopped parsley."
"Not true! They both take an equal amount of mental energy."
"But with the message from the anonymous person wasn’t enough, fans have been on edge waiting to hear a reply from the rapper himself. And he certainly cleared the rumours again after he took to twitter to write: “If you ever wake up in the morning and think Young Money ain’t my team, you out your motherf**king mind. I’ma tell you that right now.”"
"Finally, I accepted my fate and began the BP-style clean up. I went to the store to purchase an economy-sized pack of paper towels, an arsenal of cleaning products and a silo of Febreze. I had to give this shit monster all I had, and wasn't going down without a fight. By the time I got back to my house, the rest of my roommates had arrived and took turns heckling me for my abortion of a room. I had to clean this up, pronto."
"Currently, similar crimial warrants have been issued for George Bush Sr. and Jr., Donald Rumsfeld, Tony Blair, Henry Kissinger, Bill Clinton and Dick Cheney; while officers of the World Court do not have jursidicton to enter the USA or Great Britain to apprehend these criminals, their travels in Europe and Southeast Asia are limited because they are subect to immediate detainment and extradiction to Belguim. (Kissinger and Rumsfeld have both signed orders to deploy O’Finioan with Corso as his case officer.)"
"I was going to write something light-hearted tonight, until I saw an Associated Press story reported by WCCO news here in the Twin Cities. The article is linked here. Autism Fears, Measles Spike Among Minn. Somalis"
"It’s an all too common story; you go to an exhibition about market leading expertise in your specific field expecting to see impressive, eyecatching, lead-generating stands everywhere, but instead you are greeted by shell scheme and bannerstands galore. At Project::4 we like to think a little differently. The palaver of printing the banner stands, getting them shipped and then getting salespeople (no offence sales teams!) to put them up can all be avoided at little if any extra cost."
"It was eerie to listen to the pop of the drips of water as they fell to the pavement as they fell from the trees."
"Beaulieu is one of those places that is on everyone’s list of places to visit and there can be few adults of my generation who don’t have memories of being dragged round the car filled halls, with parents trying to engender a modicum of interest amongst their offspring (some things never change!)"
"My great grandparents were both from Palermo, Sicily and this is a cookie that they brought with them from the \"old country\". As the story goes (as told by my dad), my great grandmother and her sister would start making these cookies around Thanksgiving. My father and his cousin would plant themselves in the kitchen when they heard all the swearing. They knew what that meant. Cookies! The sisters would make batches and batches and store them in old potato chip tins. When my great grandfather would try to sneak one, his wife would slap his hand away and yell in Italian. The two boys would giggle and she would hand them each a cookie. This would make my great grandfather throw up his hands in defeat."
"You may have read that several scuba diving excursions were at sea the day the Indonesian tsunami struck. They were thrown into a tizzy of whirlpools and cross currents but everyone survived. When they arrived back in port they were in absolute shock at what had passed over them and the devastating consequences."
"First stop was Monte Carlo, which definitely lived up to all of the hype. I didn’t want to go inside, because if I go inside, I really want to make an event of it. You know, get dressed up, pay to gamble in the nice rooms, that sorta thing. I’m saving that for France Trip #2."
"1 1/2 tsp. paprika"
"I think we found the perfect medium!"
"Also in the next 6 months I have"
"It is wonderful to have someone in my life who not only cares enough to want to be in all those places with me, but who can do it with the charm of Rhett Butler."
"The game was a rather ugly affair that boiled down to a war of attrition. The Khador armour and mechanics helped to keep me in the game and the more fragile elves were gradually eliminated. After a few turns my opponent Matt realised it was unlikely to go his way and conceded the match. Not the best game, but I am pleased to have kicked off the third club league with a win."
"“I have your dog. Follow me,” she said, then immediately walked away."
"Don’t use foul language"
"To enter into this giveaway, just leave a thought on how we can live with less in the comment section below. I know that I am preaching to the choir here, but there is always more that we can learn from each other. I will choose the winner Sunday night, March 25, and announce them on Monday's Musings. Bon chance!"
"Christine Lauber of South Bend, Ind., had not seen the Washington Post’s story that described an incident when Mitt Romney bullied her brother, but said she was aware of the story. The incident centered around Romney allegedly holding the scissors to help cut the hair of John Lauber, who was presumed to be gay and who had long hair."
"September 1994; Cairo, Egypt,"
"Enjoy a spoken passage sample followed by the song."
"The word “yes” was no longer in my vocab as it was replaced with words like “perhaps”, “I’ll have to see”, “ummm... I think I have something already that night” and my very favourite and over used phrase “I am pretty tired and sore, maybe next time.” My pencil notations in my calendar were often marked with question marks, like “hang out with Charmaine?”, “go to Cathy and David’s for the weekend?”, “Melrose night with Deanna?” I could no longer commit and what is worse is that I didn’t really want too. I played everything by ear, used my parents divorce as an avoidance, missed dinners and parties, clubs and outing. I had in fact excused myself from life. I had in actuality stepped out of my life."
"You look awesome! I can't believe you have had six kids. You keep on mentioning your weight and trying to eat healthier and I picture someone much larger than you are. - Lowa"
"The Importance of Flattening"
"Mirza also grew into a strapping, handsome young man. He had shoulder length hair, was a good horseman, was known for his physical courage, and was a deadly shot with his bow and arrow. His marksmanship was legendary."
"I cracked my journal open today for the first time since I left Scotland. I told myself it wouldn’t be the one to just put aside processing things and pick life right back up where I had left it.. but of course, proof that I did just that is my little leather bound book that tells the story of the last year of my life."
"I told the office I looked like an Easter Egg today - so bright! Then I end up with a weird light reflection on the full body pic. Strange."
"Well over the weekend I hit 100 followers. I need to do some blog candy so be looking for some later this week."
"Squads gather everywhere by common consent and arm,"
"ARC:"
"- Responsive - NOT SURE"
"Well, if we are to believe Nelly was as close to everything as she claims to be I don’t think she can help but meddle a bit…both in the past story and in the current retelling. Nelly has her own motivations and her own bias. Her love of Catherine (2), the softness she sees in the girl stems more from raising the girl rather than a clear view of Catherine’s actual nature."
"I’ve been off the blog radar just recently. The garden has been keeping me busy, not to mention the gorgeous weather we had during April, way too nice to be sitting at the computer. So instead, we have been out and about and I was amazed to find that I had over 70 photos to download!"
"After the oil heats in a pan, add the cumin and mustard seeds, the whole garam masalas slightly crushed, then add the onions, fry till light brown. Once onions have nicely browned, add the ginger and garlic paste, fry for 3 to 4 mins, then add the masalas. After the masalas are fried and oil starts to separate, add the paneer, green chillies and the tomatoes. Mix everything and cook for a couple of minutes before adding the milk. Cook till the milk evaporates or a slight gravy is left. Add the salt according to taste."
"(Sorry for the poor quality of the photos today. I just cleaned the lens. ahem. :- O)"
"Known For: Throwing her considerable weight around"
"\"If I was a better teacher ___ wouldn't have happened.\""
"I am all for devolution in its various forms, perhaps even Scottish independence, but I have a nasty feeling some people really do have fantasies of Cornish independence. Quite how they think Cornwall could be economically viable, I have no idea. Perhaps tin will become the new gold."
"When we are fully present, we come into a flow state, where there is no resistance. Many people in sport find this is true as a way to maximize their performance."
"This is the description of the product:"
"\"On page 10 of your book you say: 'While many have traced the origins of metal back to the 1960s ... to the hyperdistorted sound of bands such as Blue Cheer, I contend that one cannot talk about metal as a genre before 1970, before it was aligned with the concert form that provided a suitable setting for such an oversized sound.'"
"I just about had a heart attack after looking up the Thule and Yakima racks at nearly $500 apiece, ouch!"
"to some a nasty word... leading to a shift of comfort zone, the requirement to learn something new, a stirring up of the status quo..."
"So right now"
"I have been avoiding discussing this subject for a long time. It makes me sad and sick. I don't have enough words to express my disgust for what has happened. I don't doubt that we will be dealing with it for decades to come."
"This is a time to start many projects. Time to create, plant, sew, love!"
"LANGUAGE (Language…language…)”"
"I can tell you one thing...it was super fun to use up this paper and chipboard bits from years ago! Scrappin' with old stash really gives you a sense of accomplishment...this stash was a MUST buy a couple years ago from Micheal's...luckily I split the stash with my friend so I only have one sheet of each PP from an extremely large Stack and some of the chipboard embellies."
"m.timeslive.co.za/.../1/0&artId=4497"
"Gregg J. Froehner, 46, Chester, N.J."
"At five in the afternoon the curtains close, the floor has been swept, the potatoes are boiling and it will be time for everyone to come home!"
"A couple of years ago I attended an alfresco performance of King Lear. The “on the run” factor is intermittent throughout the course of the play. Instead of a curtain opening on the next scene, the next scene opens on a different stage…usually about 50 feet away. Approximately every 15-20 minutes, the audience follows the actors to different stages for new scenes of whatever play is being performed."
"I have laundry in piles - some is to wash, some is for the dry cleaners, some is to fold and some has been IN A PILE for so long it needs to be moved BACK to the pile to be washed."
"The project, initially estimated at less than RM2 billion, more than doubled to RM4.6 billion by 2007. But Dr Chua also insisted MCA is anti-graft “which is why we never demonstrate when our leaders are charged,” an apparent reference to PR’s assembly outside the court here when Opposition Leader Datuk Seri Anwar Ibrahim faced the verdict for his sodomy trial on January 9."
"The world’s wind farms last year had the capacity to produce 238 gigawatts of electricity at any one time – a 21 per cent rise on 2010."
"‘Heartbreaking and beautiful’ – Kate Birch on my story No one will know."
"We don’t post ours, because with four posts a month, we take very few guests and we don’t want to be swamped with offers we have to turn down. Make sure you find out how soon they need the material (I like a long lead time, so I can pimp the post.) Also find out what the word count needs to be. (This varies widely, so always ask.)"
"Get your chat on about the sketch challenge in this forum. CLICKING HERE. Have questions? Have comments? Have suggestions? We’d love to chat about it. Drop by and say hello!"
"I am a third degree reiki master"
"Educating Rita (1983) as Dr. Frank Bryant (Third Academy Nomination for Best Actor)"
"1 tablespoon active dry yeast (Shimrit)"
"Then, too, Americans like raising children, have a strong, commonly shared moral code, and religious values. According to a recent Pew Global Attitudes survey, about sixty percent of Americans think religion is “very important.” A Marxist will never understand this."
"Good Morning! Today YNS is debuting the FABULOUS April Release featuring new stamps and dies. My card features the brand new stamp set You're So Tweet\", and two New Release metal die's Clouds, and Grass. I LOVE both and will be using those dies so much! I used Copic and Promarkers to color the watering can and birds. I paper pieced the handle using wood grain patterned paper from the Echo Park This and That collection. I hope you like my springy little card! To celebrate the new release Karen at YNS is giving away a $20 YNS gift certificate to one lucky winner, PLUS 2 secret bloggers will win YNS ScrapFest stamps - Shopper Fhiona and Cropper Fhiona. You must leave comments on all design team blogs to be eligible for prizes. Karen is also offering bundle deals to save you $'s and the Bargain Bin has been filled with amazing stamp deals so don't wait to order because you will miss out on some great deals!"
"The Monster escapes from Frankenstein twice before he is ultimately destroyed by falling into a vat of acid. One has to wonder if it was the real monster, however, since Frankenstein murders his maid who wants her to marry him because she is carrying his child and threatens to go to the police an tell all about his experiments if he does not. It is for her murder he winds up in jail, set to be executed."
"Much of the criticism is shot through with communist propaganda and pejoratives of the day. Lest someone accuse me of being inflammatory, the contemporary critics of the captains of industry were unapologetic leftists, like Eugene Debs, proud socialist. So we at least need to evaluate the situation with this in mind."
"The 2012 prize package comprises the following:"
"According to a statement provided by the Business Journal, “In 1972 Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, U.S. Senator Robert Taft, Jr., and Sam Beard founded the Jefferson Awards for Public Service to establish a ‘Nobel Prize’ for public community service. The Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal has teamed up with the Jefferson Awards for the third year in a row to highlight companies and organizations in the Twin Cities that are giving back."
"–Even When, Tim Drisdelle (time for an Itunes visit!)"
"We took him to the vet- he was still butting his head against us, purring, etc so we didn't know what to do. He seemed happy still, but he was clearly getting more and more uncomfortable and because he was breathing from his stomach, he was wheezing more. He had a good morning, went outside and slept in the sun, we let him eat all the treats he wanted and then he slept on a chair in the computer room until we took him in. She said there was no right or wrong answer. We could wait 2 or 3 more weeks but there was a possibility that he could die during the night or he could get so uncomfortable that we would have to do it immediately. We didn't want him to suffer and it seemed better to let him go on a high note than if he were to die at night by himself in the living room or be so sick that we would regret not putting him down sooner."
"d100 Event"
"Only part of this can be explained by the growth in college attendance. While a greater share of 18- to 24-year-olds are in school than ever before, the employment rate has fallen regardless of enrollment."
"To overcome all obstacles."
"34. Luhan was born on April 20, 1990. ± 178cm height. And his blood type is O."
"but at this time I'm just relaxing"
"MAC Smoke & Diamonds all over lid with Birds & Berries in crease"
"The al pastor, on the other hand, is less consistent. Sometimes I'm very pleased, and sometimes I'm left unsatisfied. I do not order chicken at Jalisco style taquerias."
"Cooling mask - Singapore is a super hot country and we are always exposed to sun, thus this cooling masks helps to repair and hydrate my skin. It's a super refreshing and soothing mask. You should try!"
"1. Given Pakistan’s immediate and long-term problems, the MidEast crisis should be irrelevant to our discourse and low on our list of priorities."
"Alexander Payne, The Descendants"
"1 writhing"
"1.) Tell us a little bit about your background."
"That possibility is ours as well. It will be so much better to be with the Lord. I am sure I can speak for many of you. In your Christian life you are growing in grace. The more love of Christ you realize in your own mind the more wearisome the thing of this earth become. You are becoming homesick for heaven. Be that as it may the Lord keeps you here as His ambassador."
"This is the poem/song I go to when I'm feeling less than peaceful, and the recipe I'm about to give also provided a slice of peace in a pan."
"The internal voices are still strong. However my anxiety is not internal. (Depression yes it probably is but that's another story). I am learning to isolate my strong anxiety and remind myself it is a separate entity. For me it is not even my own voice. How very telling!"
"12. The Clearing in the Woods (Narration)"
"The research team included UI researchers from the UI Carver College of Medicine and UCSF."
"“Howard? Great guy, real talented too.”"
"“Get a stick.”"
"Top: 8″"
"13. Spanky & Our Gang - Stardust"
"TOMORROW: social commerce is expected to grow (forecasted $30 billion in 2015). The role of social media will continue to grow in the world of online shopping and beyond. From online to offline: the social aspects of the web will improve shopping experience in-store."
"Today is April 13, 2012 it has been two years since I got in the vehicle with my GOD mother and survived a semi truck smashing into the passenger door where I was sitting destroying my fragile body. This has been the longest two years I can remember of my entire life. Praise GOD my husband and I are stronger in our bond of marriage and I thank GOD in Jesus Christ name for his blessings, healing and favor."
"rayley beth--'i don't want to swap. i don't want ANY job.'"
"At the risk of opening up some old wounds of some of my close friends, when such a situation arose in IITM during my time there, there was a huge uproar. But this died down as soon as a similar Diro speech was given. Things did not improve and the student population, which has grown considerably over the years is open to an even greater risk to significant health concerns."
"It should be about athletic achienvement and artistry and encouragement. Something to look forward to. If it becomes a chore, if it becomes about winning and beating everyone else, you might want to reevaluate things. These girls don’t just skate together, they go to school together, run into each other at the mall. You want them to bond, to go to the movies together, to have parties and sleepovers together. They’re still little girls growing up, worried about when to wear makeup and jewelry, picking out the right clothes, talking to the wrong boy. They have homework and projects and siblings and family stuff going on. They don’t need more pressure. Skating should be affirming and a challenge but never an obstacle."
"The first week was fantastic. I prepared Cajun fish, corned beef and cabbage with Irish soda bread (for my Irish descended friends along with my family), fish and chips, London broil, butter chicken, chicken parmesan, tuna casserole, hamburgers, and my mother's fried chicken (which is unbelievable). I may have missed a couple, but you get the idea."
"Emma's picks:"
"The up-front fee for my services is $400.00; this includes:"
"Lover Enshrined by J.R. Ward"
"2. Heat the oil in a large skillet or pan and pan fry each piece for about a minute on each side (do not brown), and set aside."
"DSC calls for grassroots organising and communicative social action on the part of poor women, minorities and others who have been consistently and increasingly marginalised and left out in the process of social change (Kaye 1990; Servaes 1999)). DSC posits the ‘community’ as the unit and level of analysis, and the participation of communities in the design and implementation of development programmes is important. DSC views participation and dialogue as a means for local people and communities to engage with and influence their development (Servaes 1995). Development Support Communication thus becomes understood as a two-way process in which communities participate as main agents in setting development goals and standards. Added to this, the notion of participation is deepened by the emphasis on community access. As a result, interpersonal approaches are now recognised alongside mass media communication as vital to achieving the impact, (Melkote 1991). Johnson (1992) argues that participation is central in the empowerment of the grassroots as participation results in self- reliance. DSC encourages the marginalised to plan for their own development programmes, thus ending dependency. As Rowlands (1997) points out, “disassociation from the central power holders is only the first step in self-reliance”. DSC facilitators ensure this disassociation by breaking the power structures and helping the marginalised to access resources so that they will use them to their advantage. White (2004) stresses that it makes little sense to talk of community empowerment through participatory communication and dialogue in the absence of change in the existing power structures."
"I am looking forward to diving into that smothered sausage tonight – it is one of my all-time favorite Cajun meals. I know we will drive to Henderson for raw oysters and fried seafood platters at Pat’s restaurant on Valentines Day. We will boil some crawfish before the Superbowl, saving some for a celebratory crawfish ettouffe afterward, and I have got to hunt down some olive dressing for muffalettas and a King cake for Mardi Gras."
"Tomorrow is James Birthday he will be 16 . Papa and I made a card for him with a photo of Miggy on it and gave him some $$$ that way he can buy what he wants ."
"Here are some images before the guys hit the stage:"
"Make them dream?"
"John had found the book very important and Trevor had really liked it. Ann found it of great historical interest. I asked them what they thought of it as a novel and they all instantly said, Not much. Mainly they found the prose pretty primitive and thought there were too many characters - although I have to say that when I came to read the whole thing I didn't agree about the latter: in terms of plot, as the book progresses everything including the characters is pulled together. There is constant seemingly uncontrolled slippage of tenses, and some repetition, but apparently much of the book is written in dialect German, and I did relish Michael Hofmann's rough-and-ready idiomatic translation. Doug said that he thought the book was atrociously written and he just hadn't liked it at all, but had thought it worth reading for the political content. They all agreed that the characters weren't at all well developed - though I have to say I subsequently found the insight into the psychology of the Gestapo detective Escherich, for instance, quite sophisticated. However, it's true that often the prose and especially the dialogue, most notably that between the Quangels, is stilted and naive. On the whole I'd say that the book suffers from unevenness - which is perhaps unsurprising, given the speed with which it was written and the fact that Fallada died before publication - and I'd agree that despite its aesthetic faults, for political reasons it's a must-read."
"I don’t know Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, and I don’t know enough about Liberian politics to predict with confidence where all this is heading. What I can say is that promoting democracy by picking heroes is a risky game. If our governments want to support democratic consolidation in places like Liberia, they would do better to eschew the search for “soulmates.” Far more important than these shiny personalities are the humdrum agencies tasked with protecting civil rights, channeling citizen participation, and constraining authority no matter who’s in power. If you’re going to champion someone, don’t make it the charming leader who spouts the buzzwords diplomats and bankers want to hear. Instead, make it the honest cop, judge, or civil servant who sounds like her neighbors."
"1311 **D-IV/17(B)/1999. “Be Not Afeared, the Isle is Full of Noises.” Convention, National Association of Scholars, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(16), above, pp. 375-82.)"
"fresh mint, chopped"
"‘The individuals charged in this plot were intent on using violence to express their ideological views,’ Special Agent Stephen D. Anthony, who oversees the FBI’s Cleveland division, said in a statement."
"MAKKAH – Several reputed scholars presented their papers Sunday, the second day of the three-day Muslim World League conference here on ‘Issues and Challenges of the Muslim World.’ The papers dwelt at length the causes and effects of the ongoing crisis in the Muslim World."
"My heart dropped a little."
"UPDATE 1040pm CDT 4/30/2012:"
"Doris Pankow"
"I have made it myself a few times since then. I won't even try any other recipe - why mess with success? Well, it had been quite awhile since I've made it so Sunday I decided to throw a batch together. That's literally all there is to it - throw it together and bake it. My kids absolutely love it and I'm happy to be feeding them a more substantial cereal than boughten."
"Maternity clothes? Not yet, but my yoga pants are really the only comfortable pants I own now. Wish I could wear them to work."
"This leads to a heart-thumping finale in which Lindy, Karl, Sean and unlikely ally Jess need to act together to thwart the drug dealers, Colin and his sinister tooled-up friend known as Elf because of his pointed ears. It could have been a bit Scooby-Do with a lesser hand guiding the story. But it all works."
"'Tis the Spring's largess, which she scatters now"
"Looking forward to having to push the gas pedal in my car barefooted."
"He writes: “JMU has provided me the opportunity to personally tailor my undergrad education. The opportunities on this campus are endless. Even when an opportunity didn’t exist here, JMU facilitated me in opening new doors. Prior to attending this university I often conceded to educational challenges. JMU made me realize that if you put in the effort and accept help when needed, you will be successful.”"
"I am the righteousness of God in Christ Jesus; therefore, sin shall not have dominion over me. I am a success, and a victor all my life for He that is in me is greater than he that is in the world. He brought me out of the miry clay and set my feet on the rock to stay. He has put His song in my heart; a song of praise to my God! Hallelujah! Amen!"
"Gaddafi’s cover was almost blown back in the year 2000 already during the Lockerbie trial, when the BBC reported that a key witness claimed he was related to a Libyan king and that Gaddafi was involved in an international “Masonic” conspiracy of some sort - (news report here)."
"This pericope is a narrative account of Israel’s defeat under Joshua of an alliance of five Amorite kings who had attacked Gibeon – Israel’s new vassal city. The plot is moved forward by the communication of five messages: (1) King Adoni-zedek’s hearing of Joshua’s great victories over Jericho and Ai and Gibeon’s peace treaty with Israel, (2) the king’s message to four allied Amorite kings ordering an attack on Gibeon, (3) the Gibeonites’ plea to Joshua for help, (4) Yahweh’s words of affirmation and assurance of victory to Joshua, and (5) Joshua’s poetic speech to Yahweh. The story is introduced by King Adoni-zedek’s fear of Gibeon and its alliance with Israel. The action escalates as the Amorite alliance gathers and attacks Gibeon. The main conflict arrives with the Gibeonites’ desperate cry to Joshua for help and rescue. The narrative climaxes when Joshua responds with boldness and immediacy and sets out to defend Gibeon with Yahweh’s encouragement and promise of victory. The action is subdued as the Amorites come to their expected end – utter defeat and destruction at the hands of Israel and Yahweh. However, just as the story comes to an end, the narrator surprises the reader with an incredible detail: Yahweh heard Joshua’s request to the sun and moon and obeyed his direction. The reader is left with a sense of awe as Joshua returns to the Israelite camp at Gilgal."
"First I gave the back splash three coats of white Rust-oleum,"
"Angel and Demons are a lethal combination right now in the paranormal YA genre, one that I've had a really tough time getting into. If it isn't shallow main characters, creepy stalker love interests who stare at their beloved, poor plot lines, or even down right crappy writing. Unearthly by Cynthia Hand is the first YA Angel book I've actually loved and I was craving another fix. Good thing Guardian was waiting for me!"
"Thats a pretty good reason to not use disposable diapers for me (or at least Pampers)."
"- Communicates with clients, particularly, HR Business Partners as needed."
"I wanted to love Escape from Innsmouth, I really did. Unfortunately, it is somewhat of a disappointment. This response is likely colored by my own expectations and because it is so difficult to find these days, making it more of a quest than a purchase, but for whatever the reason the supplement largely disappoints. Unless you are a Call of Cthulhu completionist or a fervent fan of The Shadow over Innsmouth, I cannot in good conscience suggest you spend $75 to $100 on this book. There are good bits to it, and a Keeper could put in the intellectual elbow grease to make those bits truly shine, but he would be better off saving his money and creating the town from scratch with just Lovecraft’s tale and whatever ideas spring to mind."
"What does this have to do with a newborn bath? Well, if you let the nursery nurses take your child to another room to bath your baby.. or even if baby gets bathed in your room with someone who does this same thing day in and day out, it normally looks like the videos below. And then, after baby has cried and cried through a temperature lowering procedure, then they are left to cry some more (or simply 'go away' by falling asleep) in a radiant warmer to begin that pesky temperature regulating."
"There are going to be some very happy people when they receive all the cards and gifts you have made ."
"And so, in order to better serve you, my readers, I watched a month’s worth of period Coronation Street. Unfortunately, the accessibility of vintage Coronation Street is limited. The closest I could get to the time in question and get consecutive episodes (instead of a “best of” set that wouldn’t capture the feel of watching the show) was December of 1979. And so I watched all nine episodes from December of 1979. For you. My readers. You bastards."
"Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Whisk together flour, baking powder, thyme and salt in a bowl. Cut in butter with a pastry cutter or rub in with your fingers until small clumps form. Add cream or buttermilk, stirring with a fork to combine until dough forms. (Dough will be slightly sticky.) I think I will try buttermilk next time - I used cream and the biscuits weren't as fluffy as I like, but they were delicious."
"To say that the guide is incomplete — while true — misses the larger point: the book’s value is marginal at best. Missing punctuation, inconsistent layout, and phantom words that appear as if vestiges of earlier versions of the same sentence collude to make it seem as if the manuscript had not been proofread."
"They became rampantly xenophobic to keep their culture from being replaced by the one they conquered."
"But big deal at our house"
"The next day, I sent the fellow a nice email thanking him for offering me the unicycle gig, but that I was not confident riding backwards. I looked forward to hearing from the stilt trainer. He did not write back."
"My goal is to write one entry per week in this series. I’m hoping this is a reasonable and attainable goal. I haven’t always been the best at completing the series I start — indeed, regular readers may note that I’ve essentially abandoned the custom of announcing series in advance of writing them, preferring now to cobble series together from previously written material — but I feel more confident about completing this particular one because the workload on the individual posts should be relatively low."
"Sunshine is still rare here but the birds are singing in the mornings, foxgloves are blooming in our garden - spring must be on its way! And so I am sharing another spring-ish card today. I made it for our new challenge at Whiff Of Joy Challenges. Our new theme is a sketch:"
"I do have to say that the book he's working on at present, about the nature of human agression, examined by contrast with other apex predators (there are almost two hundred, apparently, and they including Orcas, African lions, caimans and a whole slew of others), seems to combine the best features of his earlier, more \"scholarly\" work with his later, more \"popular\" books on animal emotions."
"- dinner: about 700 kcal with"
"The aim of this post is to look at depression that is directly related to the Aperger's condition only. It's obviously going to take more than one post to get through this."
"Yes, we made a big mess of our shirts and the street trying to eat this thing."
"Her theory lies in that I was in fact the love child of two circus freak performers and as such I was so hideous that even they didn’t want me. Trooper Bob and Nurse Meme being the giving loving people they were overlooked my hideousness and instead graciously took me into their home."
"I got introduced to them towards the end of the summer, and with the help of a kind translator, I asked them what they thought I had been up to. The answer cracked me up. Taxes. They thought I had been trying to figure out my taxes all summer!"
"782 D-IX/26/1979. “Mildred Elizabeth Tress (1910-1979).” Bond Chapel, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois."
"As disciples of Jesus, we’re called to let go in a myriad of ways – letting go of pre-conceived ideas about what we think God wants of us, and becoming still enough to listen to what He really wants is just one. Today, as I begin the process of letting my daughter go into adulthood, I will be still and ask God what is hindering me from my discipleship journey with Him. And then have the courage to listen……..and pry my tightly gripped fingers away from whatever it is I cling to so tightly………"
"3 out of 5 – Positive messages – Teamwork, fellow loyalty, and doing deeds are probably the “big three” of this book under these circumstances. Smiley also shows a bit of compassion even during the village’s besiege. Teamwork is represented in the book’s warfare, fellow loyalty is represented in the many packs in the book, like Gran’ma and Phoney, Fone Bone and Thorn, and doing deeds is represented when Thorn finally seeks the Crown of Horns. Oh, whoops, did I just spoil the ending? And we also learn that ever since he found a chest of gold, kids, whatever you do, don’t be a Phoney Bone."
"Awww how sad, Kate Gosselin‘s ‘Kate Plus 8‘ has finally been cancelled. I’ll tell ya one person who’s NOT sad about this: Jon Gosselin!"
"I stitched the majority of this sampler while we were watching the second season of Rome, which is another reason I'm drawing that connection I'm sure. She was a sweet stitch and I enjoyed this sampler immensely."
"Matteo \"Love is my Drug\" Yazge"
"Lee Gak couldn’t argue with the given testimony but it doesn’t mean that he has backed down. He starts to recruit his own men – our Joseon F4 Rangers!"
"Strap Chain what you like for a lenght for the strap. Remember this will stretch some."
"Also, pay attention to the recent news story from Haiti about the Idaho missionaries - this international form of coercion occurs more often than we wish to believe, in countries all around the world. The only difference with Haiti? Was that Laura Silsby got caught."
"Vocabulary: Vocabulary From Classical Roots A & B"
"For the revits on the head, I uses polymer clay rolled in to balls and cut in half an baked about 15 mins. I made soooo many for this costume."
"1 posture"
"Every day brings a new challenge, and I won’t know until I face them whether or not I will get through them. But I do know I will evaluate each one on its merits with a sober and clear head rather than dive aimlessly into another bad decision – and possibly back to the abyss from which I have so recently emerged."
"They are a sweet bread but not too sweet. Not close to a muffin, more like a sweet roll. They usually have spice in the batter and fruits, with a glaze over the top. They also have a cross on the top and are traditionally served during Easter on Good Friday. According to Wikipedia they may even pre-date Christ although the first recorded use of the term Hot Cross Bun was in 1733!!!! I get to make something that’s been passed along since then, wow!"
"Second, I find the present emphasis on social activism disconcerting. Christians have always had a concern for the poor and an emphasis on loving their neighbors. However, Madsen argues that the church should emphasize social action in place of personal spirituality. That’s like tossing out the eggs to make room for more chickens. Also, the missional church movement takes upon itself to accomplish the missio dei (“mission of God”). Thus Christians should be involved in doing everything God is doing in the world. However, God does a lot of things without asking for our help. He judges and punishes the world for sin. Are we to help God with that? If not, then why do we think He needs our help controlling climate change? Why don’t we instead talk about the missio ecclesiae (“mission of the church”)? Christians should stop trying to take part in everything they think God is doing in the world and instead focus on doing what He has told us to do."
"Other: cardstock: white; stamps (birdcage, sentiment): The Craft's Meow (Fly Free); ink: Versafine (Onyx Black), Memento (London Fog), Distress Ink (Iced Spruce); Spellbinders™ dies: S5-031 Fancy Tags Three, S5-051 Fanciful Flight; brads; lace trim"
"Basically pour out the sugar into a bowl add a tiny amount amount of water you only need about 1 teaspoon for a full cup of sugar and mix really well. If the sugar is too wet it wont work. Add a dot of food colouring and mix in well. Other pastel shades look really pretty too but i only had pink :)"
"Dear Heavenly Father, thank You for the privilege of having access to the divine secrets and mysteries of Your Kingdom. As I speak in other tongues, I utter these mysteries to the angelic beings, manifesting to them Your many-sided wisdom! Thank You for bringing me into such a high place of fellowship and relationship, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!"
"It's been a whole week since I last payed any attention to this here blog. Why? Because I hit a funk all week. A lazy, non creative funk! So I didn't bother blogging even though I had SO. Much. To. Blog. About."
"Why, Lord? Why would You do this? For me, of all people?"
"That's my crochet update, here's a little bit of other stuff going on around here."
"Ah, to be 8 again....."
"Oral-B Glide Floss 35M+ or Oral-B Floss Picks 30 ct+ $0.50/1"
"“Part of an old building just collapsed metres before me, on the street… God is smiling on me today! Earthquake?”"
"The amazing soundtrack was created by Dungeon Hall of Famer André Brummer, working once again as Henri Price! André's credits include films on our all-time favourites list, \"The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed-Up Zombies!!?\" and \"Eegah!!\" This was his last film! I have no idea who is singing that crazy song!"
"It was fun watching Kiel with his friends. So interesting to see how he and the other boys tackle each other and wrestle. Are all boys so physical?"
"This season, as well as his La Liga tally, he has scored 14 goals in the Champions League, two in the Copa del Rey, three in the Spanish Super Cup, one in the European Super Cup and two at the Club World Cup."
"The condescension inherent in this vision is apparent in every step of Julia’s pilgrimage toward a community-gardening retirement. But in an increasingly atomized society, where communities and families are weaker than ever before, such a vision may have more appeal — to both genders — than many of the conservatives mocking the slide show might like to believe."
"I've always loved the idea of 'new' myths, legends and fairytales. Kipling wrote his Just So myths to explain how various animals came to acquire their distinctive characteristics--The Elephant's Child has always been a particular favourite of mine. Another favourite was Frances Browne's Granny's Wonderful Chair--a sort of Irish Victorian cross between Cinderella and the Arabian Nights (if you haven't read it, seek it out, it's a true classic of children's literature, as are Eleanor Farjeon's Little Book Room and Martin Pippin stories). All these books have resonances which stretch far back to the time when our long ago ancestors huddled round a fire and listened to their shaman bards try to make sense of the world around them. So a while ago, I started thinking about writing a personal take on this genre with my own set of 'new myths'. The book itself has been a long, hard time in the making, and will take a while longer yet to come to fruition, but I thought I'd share one of the stories it contains with you. It's the middle of summer now, and we're a long way from the snows of last spring--but somewhere in the world, the Snow Woman is combing her long, white hair...."
"Self: “Do you remember any of what he said about the book?”"
"has to be discussed among us, but definitely Cuba has legitimate"
"So here is my card:"
"For centuries the caterpillars of Twig Valley have lived with a Dark Cloud over the land. For as long as anyone can remember, no caterpillar has ever become a butterfly. In fact, no one thinks about being anything more than a bug that crawls in the dust of the ground."
"Yes, it sounds a bit vampiry but it is actually a clever play with words in Swedish. Mixing the words of The vascular system and running competition it becomes an interesting homonym. In Swedish it is Blodomloppet."
"Say you have left your old town behind to start a new chapter in your life – college. Nobody from your hometown came with you, and you’re stuck with having to make new friends. Don’t worry, though, it’s easier than you think."
"Saw a campaign sign today for a candidate for a congressional seat. Under his name was his campaign slgan, \"Less government.\""
"Me: That’s what I wanted to tell you while we were hiking."
"-Please pray for the incoming freshmen and transfer students to UCI for the 2012-2013 School Year. I am expectant of many students who are excited to join the mission to reach their peers for Jesus. May they have hearts ready to receive and give!"
"It's used to measure the light needed to obtain a correct exposure suggesting both shutter time and aperture to use depending on the ISO that we have set... READ MORE"
"And add yet more fuel to the fire:"
"I even stopped at the DQ in Cotulla and picked up a blizzard for Bob and one for me to enjoy when I got back to the ranch. The blizzards were perfectly frozen when I arrived at the rig. Wow… this will be very handy this summer!"
"The last few years have been spent with two goals mind: 1) Finish my book, 2) Get into a MFA program. I’ve run through every emotion that I’m sure all of you have. I’ve been at the bottom of the ravine, looking up and thinking: what the eff? I’ve hemmed and I’ve hawed. I’ve retreated, backpedaled, swam through the rivers of self-doubt, charged feebly through the walls of rejection and in the end when the dust settled, I found myself a tiny bit closer to the light at the end of the tunnel. All this to say that I’ve been accepted to several programs and now face the task of making the right choice."
"has been most gratifying to the Democrats, who owe much of their"
"Take one simple glass, and metamorphosis into a faux mercury glass candle."
"TV host: Forbidden, then."
"If you look back at some of the rumours and whispers we put out - there's one that hints at a wyrm-ruled isle somewhere west of the Amedio. It was a nod towards the old Beyond the Flanaess map with the various, um, \"interestingly\" named realms. I was picturing a militaristic kingdom the middle of the Sea of the Dragon King (which would not be called Nippon) with a culture that referenced a mix of south and south-east Asian cultures - so more kalaripayattu than kenjitsu. That would have been fun to write up."
"He loves food, and eats a ton! Some of his favorites are sausage, calzones, homemade pizza, turkey noodle soup, breadsticks, and hamburgers."
"I’ll keep this short. Well, I’ll try, ok?"
"I am still feeling rather fragile. I do not sleep well, waking at all hours of the night, I am tense during the day and prone to tears... Oh my God this sounds awful. I know I am not depressed. I did the depression thing after having our daughters and was absolutely 'out-of-it'."
"“You will know, as it will know, and you will see…as you change, it changes.”"
"Salamander Energy plc, Fields under development 14"
"\"But what about nephews and nieces?\" shouts one of them."
"With that, my horoscope said just today, “Everyone, in their own special way, is weird — and that certainly includes you! It’s high time for you to admit to it. Trying to fit in with whatever you think is ‘normal’ will only be a pointless waste of time. What you really need to do is embrace your idiosyncrasies. Don’t shy away from feeling odd or out of place. Because not being like everyone else is what makes you unique. No one else has the irresistible combination of sense and nonsense that you have. Celebrate it!”"
"Because I can only do so much and really have no control of how my niece is parented by her parents I feel impotent to intervene with her and on her behalf. More than anything I am afraid that her electronic life is going to horrifically derail her future life. These kids have no concept of how they are presenting themselves to the world and quite literally they are putting their whole lives out there for judgement...they have no sense that what they write on these HEINOUS \"networking\" sites can be damaging to them in far reaching ways."
"I'm slowly learning that not only the children I teach but their parents will go out and say \"Our teacher...\""
"Chicken n’ Noodles will become a comfort-food favorite in any household. Add boneless, skinless chicken breast to a can of Simple Suppers Chicken n’ Noodles, which is filled with plump noodle dumplings and special seasonings."
"Trust is important to a man. A man doesn’t want to make a girl his main woman if she is highly likely to cheat on him, steal from him, lie to him, etc. Most men want a “sweet, good, cool” girl, but he doesn’t want that girl to be extra sweet and flirty with everyone else. If he tells you deep and personal things about himself he doesn’t want to have to worry that everyone will know his secrets. This applies in general across the board (for men and women). Why would you confide in someone and bring them close to you if you didn’t trust them? How do you build trust with a stranger? Show integrity in your actions *remember people are always watching and reading between the lines of what you say and what you do*, communicate your values and sharing of yourself *see creating am emotional connection."
"My next book is publishing January 2012 and is another Viking adventure: it’s called Sigrun’s Secret and is set in Iceland and York."
"Natalia’s grandfather was born in 1932 in the remote village of Galina in the mountains many miles to the NW of The City. He was still a child when a strange and unknown wild animal appeared in the hills near Galina. The etchings in the Jungle Book were used to identify the animal as a tiger, so it was called was called Shere Kahn, the name used by Kipling. Perhaps it was the very tiger escaped from the Belgrade Zoo, who’s to say."
"Clearly we’ve been watching a lot of Sherlock……"
"This weekend was not perfect. It was not spent with the smells of a new baby or the cries of joy and relief. Rather, it was spent with a quivering lip, wet cheeks and puffy eyes. Now of course we both have wonderful moms that we had to celebrate, but having this holiday the day after"
"The rest of the first chapter contains additional flourishes, including some outstanding sound design and lighting effects, a couple predictable but effective \"thing goes bump in the dark\" scares, and a few nifty claustrophobic tunnel-crawling sequences. There's also some fun environmental storytelling to come across, like the interrogation video of another prisoner or the Marker made out of toothpicks in the arts & crafts room. The jury's still out for me on the newly-speech-capable Isaac—mostly because the things he's said so far are pretty generically action-movie dopey—but I am intrigued to see what happens with the \"dementia\" mechanic, if managing Isaac's growing insanity will become an Amnesia-like challenge."
"And now I must be going and adding the finishing touches to the new website!"
"Why would we take our commitments to this group so seriously? I can only speak for myself when I say that these gatherings have made me a better human being. The more I participate in our group meetings, the more I learn about myself and the more I can understand just a little of what others see as they practice in their spiritual traditions. I find the many ways that we are alike and the few ways in which we see the world differently. I do my best to set aside judgment while noticing that these friends are doing the same for me."
"greatest musical experiences of their lives."
"Yes, I completely blame Navimie for this one. All that superhero talk sparked my creative juices and my OCD kicked in to the point I had to build this. For your pleasure, the X-Men (Alliance):"
"What should I get for Mom? I just need one more little gift for my brother. A gift for the boss. At the surface, it may seem commercial and perhaps it's your least favorite part of the holidays. But thinking about everyone but yourself for a week or two can't be a bad thing. Not a bad thing at all."
"It was clear to me from this observation that no matter how implicitly I trusted Kev's abilities to head a football, I would require his services as an explorer no more than I would need Fielder's as a navigator. I suggested dropping Fielder off in the Durley countryside to make his own way home, much like Richard Branson's parents did to their eight year old son; but not wanting manslaughter on my conscience, I resisted."
"Let me know how you get on!"
"Yesterday I had to finish up a handbag. The handles, to be specific. I hate making handles/straps/etc. I don't know why. So, to delay the inevitable, I decided to clean out the microwave. Then I did the dishes, and cleaned the kitchen, and straightened up a bunch of stuff. I wanted something else to procrastinate with, so I decided to make some fudge. The easiest fudge ever, mind you. It's not boardwalk quality by any means, but it's still yummy and quick to whip up if you need some sweets. This is probably the only recipe you will ever see here on this blog, as the culinary arts are lacking in my genetic makeup (which isn't fair because my mother is the most amazing cook ever). This stuff is super easy to make, and you don't really need pictures but I took them anyway, so let's go :)"
"I stood in a crowd at an amusement park wishing I could ride the carousel but I didn’t have any money. A man pressed a dime into my hand, which enabled me to ride. I chose a white horse with a beige mane. When the music started we went once and a half around, and then he took off flying, with me on his back. We headed toward Washington D.C., but on the way we passed my college roommate. I asked her what time it was and she told me, “Six o’clock.” When we got to D.C., we went immediately to the Lincoln Memorial. No one else was in it. I stayed upon my horse, and we were silent, in awe of this beautiful sculpture. I noticed one tear falling down his long face. After a time, he turned and we flew home. He dropped me off at the front door of my house. I went in, and my mother was standing at the kitchen sink washing blueberries."
"Say sorry and just... be his."
"Our Florida trip is quickly approaching! I keep waiting for that \"thing\" to happen. Ya know, that unexpected thing that will ruin the trip and make us have to cancel the whole thing. But I'm trying to stay optimistic :o)"
"4) The character interplay is beautifully done. Kvothe meets so many different people and finds himself in so many different situations, and in each one, the relationships with the people he meets are constructed and displayed so well. It's fun and light and dark and deep, and everything I'd like to be able to do in my writing."
"I have seen vegans say you need to read certain books in order to call yourself a vegan. Sorry, wrong! illiterates can be vegan too, as long as they exclude — as far as is possible and practical — all forms of exploitation of, and cruelty to, animals."
"NHS of East Flatbush"
"For starters, while the movie was originally exhibited in 1.85:1 widescreen, the Blu-ray is incorrectly presented in 1.33:1 format. Clearly the reason for this is that an old, very outdated video transfer was sourced."
"may be I should write purani jeans again..."
"So now, I am letting go of the old me, the old paradigm, the old way of being in the world. I am walking out in trust into the new, even though I don’t know what that looks like."
"In the coming weeks I'll be posting some of the projects that have helped make the Schmoopy Brewery what it is today, including my 5 gallon All-Grain setup and 7cuft Chest Freezer Keggerator and Lagering unit. I'll also throw in the few original recipes I've come up with so far and some of my favorites from other sources."
"“The weeks-long soap opera of finding 60 votes for the Senate health reform bill came to an end yesterday when Democrats “compromised” with Senator Ben Nelson (D-NE) on language regarding abortion coverage. After catering first to Senator Joe Lieberman, (Ind-CT), by removing both the public option and the Medicaid buy-in, Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) then introduced a manager’s amendment that includes new language on abortion care–and a huge barrel of pork for Nebraska–in an effort to bring Nelson on board and get the 60 votes needed to end a Republican filibuster.” (From here)"
"Then I went to bed Tuesday night. And lets be honest. I was still hoping. But secretly I told myself that I was fine if we didn't get an email again. About as fine as five year old would be with skipping presents on Christmas."
"I feel a knot at the back of my neck. Water that plays at, around, and in my eyes."
"No Empire, Cortland. Nothing common."
"I inherited a couple of Hallie's photo albums--the pictures show what a character she was, even as a girl. She often dressed as a man and hammed it up with cigars and wine bottles. She and her friends camped out and hung around in Enosberg Falls, Vermont. There are pictures of her with her sisters and brother and their mother, my great grandmother, who died before I was born. It was so good to see them as young people, and see how they lived. This picture of Hallie in her white dress inspired some of my \"Victorian Cheek\" note cards (above). Pictures in the older album inspired many other art pieces, including my \"Ghosts of Christmases Past\" ornaments."
"“He may not be right, but he’s the boss,” the voice said. “You take him out, Carl. The boss didn’t tell me to do him.”"
"Anyways, I jogged my memory by skimming some reviews, and this episode was heavy on the Kawatche myth/Superman anvils. A guy gets powers similar to Clark’s (second time that happens in the series, at this point. Or is it the third?), and he believes he’s Naman (Superman), and he has to kill Sageeth. He believes Segit is Lionel Luthor, but of course Superman’s Sageeth is Lex. I remember loving Lex’s last scene with Clark where he posed the question of whether or not Segit is the true hero for standing up to the being with the power of ten men."
"In another bowl, mix the flour, baking powder, nutmeg and cinnamon. Combine the banana mixture with"
"More perversely, the threat of financial sanctions now guards the immunity afforded to Saleh's family by the GCC and UN. The White House hopes to scrub away at least some of this mess before May 22nd's \"Friends of Yemen\" conference in Riyadh, where Saleh signed the GCC's deal in October 2011, yet Obama inadvertently exposes his administration's hypocrisy by indirectly targeting Saleh as a \"national security threat.\" With full knowledge of his duplicitous personality, the White House and Pentagon accelerated its support for Saleh's regime prior to Yemen's revolution and has yet to let go completely."
"So there it is, thanks for looking. I'm about to go swimming with my family! yay!! Have a great day and hope your weather is nicer than it is here!! Thanks for looking!"
"Sixteen hath fed our fighting-line"
"There’s nothing enlightened about shrinking"
"Liebster is a German word meaning favourite, dearest or beloved. The Liebster is awarded by bloggers to other new bloggers who have fewer than 200 followers, to help spread the word about their blogs and to help them gain wider recognition."
"* Focus on the half-dozen or so tool that will actually help students and teachers. (Skype, WordPress, Video: Youtube, Vimeo, Quora, Google Apps, Online collaboration tools like Zoho, Slideshare, Academia.edu, Technorati, and Alltop) It will help the teachers if you divide the social web apps by function, so its not a list of random apps that are cool & nifty. You might include a ranking (there are what we thank are the top 7 tools for people and these are the 20-ish you might want to check out). Remember: these are just tools. They are fun and potentially tools for collaborating and sharing creative content, but they aren’t panaceas."
"I want to be back there"
"Unfortunately, what Maria Talks, Planned Parenthood and others are telling our daughters is that making a life-changing decision like abortion and getting a secret judicial bypass (not to mention the abortion itself) is easier than having to tell their parents about it."
"I guess that wraps up our session. Thanks for being a great shrink."
"In an otherwise funny passage on trying to book musical acts for a republican convention, Stevens trips up and unleashes a little malice, letting us know that he thinks Ireland is a country that can’t govern itself – this was said during the celtic tiger era, so he perhaps is talking about some deeper issue of independent rule, away from a mother nation."
"I'm into the second course of the Stanford Continuing Education Online Creative Writing Certficate Program. That continues to keep me busy. I'm learning lots and enjoying it. So maybe, in addition to the big adventure, I'll get a book out of Tanzania. But that'll be at least a couple of years away, so don't worry about my blog going all promotional and author-platformish just yet."
"10. 157 Riverside Avenue"
"But here are the two (obvious) things that will hopefully set this new Choi vehicle apart from being a Soderbergh lookalike:"
"Today, people are happy if their kids are 'reading' at all. Even Facebook looks good!"
"Additionally, I wrote that I would need to stop by the house the next day to pick up mail and other things as I had been living at a friend’s place throughout the separation. However, I couldn’t get home during lunchtime as I was busy at work so I was quite shocked to get a phone call from him. He was asking when I’d be by the house as he was waiting to see me. Huh? What just happened? I was quite speechless and just mumbled, “um, sometime soon…” or something. When I finally was able to stop by the house, there he was waiting for me. And he proceeded to tell me that he wanted to try this marriage again but he needed some more time to sort things out in his life. He also showed me a list of things that were important to him to see if I would have problems with any of them. They were quite trivial then but yes, I remembered I had so much issues with his interests when I was having issues with myself not too long ago. The whole experience was quite surreal. So yes, if this didn’t happen to me, I would have not believed that Oprah’s luck and life did a complete 180 as soon as she had Surrendered and Let it go. I too had let him go and instantly things did turn around for the better (it actually did take months to be better but it was a start)."
"I was recently thinking of how fortunate I am for the friends that I currently have or people who have been in my life at one time or another and have befriended me.From the years in your life when you are very young, friends are important to us."
"suffer death in agony on the cross."
"Rolling on her side, she closes her eyes and falls asleep."
"adapted from the endless resource we call the internet"
"Ay yi yi!"
"–SHARP-SHINNED HAWK, Calgary’s Oakridge neighborhood, Margaret Brunner"
"no obvious pathway through, for the"
"Now though, Uncle Howard only came by once a week or so. Usually he would get off early and come play with Jack in the backyard before Pops came home from work, searching in the edge of the forest or at the back where the creek turns and runs down between the backyards of the houses, for whatever little prizes they could find, or relics, as they called them. But now he always had a reason to leave just before Pops would come in the door. Maybe once a month or so, Uncle Howard would bring a movie for the three of us to watch in the afternoon. Then when Pops would get home, we would all go out for dinner, but Uncle Howard always took his own car and usually they would end up mad about something, anything and he would leave to go home before we were done with dinner."
"Mr Penny said: “The family is philanthropically inclined and, notably, established a charitable trust which, although currently primarily devoted to helping community projects in North Wales, has given to educational and development projects in Africa. “It recently attempted to support a school in Jamaica close to the site of the family plantation, but the Jamaican school has not yet followed up the offer.”"
"His outburst was met with uncontrollable giggling. Next, Emma couldn't wait to see what sound I would make."
"Dusty, we sure did have a lot of fun didn’t we?:+)"
"worthy of compassion"
"Tony Stark is the most defined character so far, having one movie under his belt after his origin story. The Iron Man in The Avengers is exactly the Iron Man we’ve come to expect. Though he’s less of a womaniser due to the much-delayed relationship with Pepper, he is still arrogant, charming and the clear choice as leader and to have a monologue battle with the god of mischief. His portrayal is completely consistent with what we’ve seen before, and he is completely believable as the future driving-force of the superhero team (if the cartoon and movie ending are anything to go by)."
"I am having a beast of a time leaving comments. I signed up for Google + and now I have no idea what's going on."
"Please go to the link, please vote - you can vote every day. Don't forget you can vote from different computers too, or phone, or whatever device you can view the video!!! It's that easy!!! Just VOTE!!! And VOTE TONS!!! This is HUGE - This will reach so many!!!! This will be a very loud scream for all of the children with Down Syndrome waiting desperately for a Forever Family!!!!!"
"Several years ago, I made a radical decision to change my life. I began saying the most empowering word I have ever heard. The word is no."
"Well look no further!"
"*Note: As I write this, I am researching who is the real author of this quote. There are several claims that it was originally written by Marianne Williamson, but is erroneously been attributed to Nelson Mandela’s 1994 speech. Some of the links provided as proof are currently invalid, so the search continues."
"After dinner (which was included, thankfully, my bank account is certainly not used to these Australian prices) we settled into our hostel which was so nice and just sat and chatted while we drank some local Australian wine. Another great thing about Lorne is the birds. There are wild parrots everywhere and they are so used to people that they will literally sit next you. I loved it. I mean one of my favorite movies growing up was Paulie."
"1 coupon"
"Moving forward, yes, there are going to be risks, but aren’t there risks with any pregnancy? Maybe the risks are higher, but there are multiples born everyday that are healthy and normal. Our first daughter was an at-risk pregnancy. The doctor didn’t give her very good odds either. She is a miracle baby!"
"I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again – one single paint color throughout your home will create the necessary continuity to let decorative objects stand out and hold their place of interest. Take your queue from an art gallery or museum where spaces are connected by unified color. It focuses your attention on the subjects and creates harmony for all that is taking place."
"Let me explain. Like a kid procrastinating until the very last minute to finish a school project, I frantically searched Pinterest and Google for \"easy roman shade tutorials\" hoping to find something that didn't require me to go shopping for more materials and wouldn't require hours of labor and understanding hard to follow instructions (I'm not very good at following instructions. Just look back to Day 1 of the challenge, where I started three days before everyone else). Since my window is frosted, privacy is not an issue. I didn't need a functioning shade. All I needed was a \"faux roman\"."
"The Jews had to go to the temple because God was there. Where is God in relation to you? Is He indwelling you? If He is you can pray wherever you are. You can pray in whatever position you are for prayer is from the heart, not from the body."
"I have been washing my car by hand instead of running it through the car wash. I'm doing this for two reasons: 1. I won't charge myself any money to clean the car. 2.I've got a brand new car and car wash brushes can scratch the finish on cars."
"Don’t let worry get in the way of that love."
"I'll have even snowier pictures to show you shortly, but in the meanwhile the big news around here is that the eldest (finally) has a 'bit of a sore tooth'. At 7 and a half years old I was getting a little worried, but hopefully this will be the start of a charming gap-toothed smile."
"Located on the lower ranges of the Himalayas, Shimla is a hill station that experiences extreme climatic conditions. It is situated at a height of around 2214 meters above sea level. This altitude gives Shimla its diverse climatic conditions. There is no such ideal time to visit Shimla, as this pleasant hill station is one of the most preferred destinations in India at any given time! That’s right."
"Unfortunately for Chase Young’s attempt at damage control, the story had already been picked up by local media — and by the Cabarrus County Sheriff’s Office."
"Because I have one. And you might, too. Ain't no shame - if you have a muffin top and you are working out, you are working on it! That said, feeling a bit drafty because you suddenly feel your midriff exposed while trying to exercise can be at best distracting, at worst, fairly mortifying. It helps to know that you can work on the muffin top while keeping it in its place - which is to say, away from the cruel light of day, or overhead fluorescent lights at 5 a.m. workouts."
"‘That really does suck,’ said Amy. ‘Not to mention, if I find whoever chose my track, they had better be wearing full body armour.’"
"Biff: \"I finished waxing the car, Mr. McFly!\""
"“I originally wanted to get my MBA and make a lot of money,” Trina says. “But when I saw how much these girls have to offer, and experienced the privilege of watching them heal, there was nothing more enriching to my life than that. It makes me happy every day to work with these girls. They are amazing, and they are going to go out and change the world.”"
"It’s b.s. that a latina needs to bite Alanis Morissette to get industry cred only to go platinum in hair and sales, the latter by wearing Little Mermaid costumes and singing in Spanglish. But that’s the Latin-takeover agenda."
"There are five romance related challenges alone and the best part are the words \"challenge overlaps allowed\"."
"My May spots are already filling up, so if you've been thinking about securing an ad for next month, be sure to contact me asap! I'd love to have you be a part of Sometimes Sweet as we get into the glorious summer months and celebrate some really fun things, too."
"Stoicism"
"9. Hospitals are Full of Old People – No, I mean really old. Maybe it was a heart hospital thing, but I was told by one of the nurses that I was the only one my floor under 50. Walking around, though, most seemed over 75 at least."
"There will be a student council meeting for all the grade reps and the executive members today at 11:25 in room 213. Please bring your lunch."
"June and Day: At first, I admit, it was extremely hurried… I think Marie Lu just wanted to get straight to the part, rather than let it build up. I actually really liked that method. Although it makes it seem less real, it, for me, made the book faster in pace, and just skipped all the boring parts like “Oh my god! He winked at me! What ever next?” Which would have made it more like a romantic novel, than the action novel it is! (note. I’m not one for romantic novels.!)"
"Little Lee is one of my favorite people in the newsroom because he’s just so chill, and he is often our DJ (which is good because NO ONE wants Barry to DJ). He’s also hilarious. I don’t like people without a sense of humor, so yeah. He’s also Haley’s guy to go to when she can’t find it in her to be a hard ass. I guess someone has to do it."
"I went to TJ Maxx the other day….I wanted to see if the commercials were really true. I figured they couldn’t be far off since they are the same as Marshall’s."
"Enough about that, sorry, seomtimes I fall into the trap of using my blog to spew my aggrivations. Apologies. The real news story is that Nancy Grace is out of the competition… and so is my new favourite pro-dancer of the year, Tristan. Swoon. An accent goes a long way…"
"In Jamie’s most recent appeal he was again denied an Evidentiary Hearing even as one of the 3-man panel, Judge Knecht, questioned the prosecutor as to how this could have resulted in a proper defense."
"I come in gratitude for the richness, the diversity, the great abundance of unique souls in this world. Thank you for the very complexity that distinguishes each one of us. May all people find those who will love and accept them, will value their distinctive beauty and spirits. May we each feel the presence of your transcending mystery, may we know that we are part of a process of life that is rooted in divine, emanating love, and may we feel the comfort of knowing that every one of us is cherished by God."
"Entering professional acting, singing and modelling at a young age, Hollie soon rejected her performance arts schooling for a musical path truer to her influences. Family friend and Slits singer Ari Up persuaded Hollie to sing backing vocals for a new EP ‘Revenge of the Killer Slits’, which she followed by ditching school to join the band on a six week tour."
"But then where does one draw the line? Nya is already pushing the boundaries of what could be considered the “gray” area between right and wrong. Is it possible to slide across that line and down a path that will have too many consequences to allow a return to goodness?"
"Fact Five: In order for students to learn, they must all behave in ways that are conducive to learning; in other words, they must sit still, keep quiet, and respect their teachers."
"Today even though most of it was slow at work wasn’t so bad. Got things done and was home handy, Paul had the fire lit and the animals looked after so I didn’t have to do anything. Even better."
"**Yes, it is."
"It is better late, proverbially speaking, than never. Nine months after she won the election to become prime minister, Yingluck Shinawatra last Sunday visited the deep South for the first time since she took office. Surrounding her at a Pattani barracks – for the well-dressed dignitaries wouldn’t be so foolhardy as to step out of the fenced quarters – were high-profile ministers and generals. The visit was on April 29, a day after the 8th anniversary of the harrowing siege of the Krue Se mosque, on April 28, 2004, in which soldiers killed 108 people and left dozens more widowed and orphaned in multiple places including Saba Yoi district in Songkhla and Krong Penang district in Pattani. At Krue Se alone, 32 people were killed."
"Means: \"I'm going to drink myself dangerously stupid, and stand by a stream with a stick in my hand, while the fish swim by in complete safety.\""
"There's always a danger with something like this that you become navel gazing or self-congratulatory, that you might sit round in a big mutual circle jerk and say, 'Look at all us beer bloggers. Aren't we marvellous? Aren't we important?'"
"And that’s because this is a jokey and campy update of the serious Gothic material presented there. The themes, tropes and situations of the much-cherished series have been spun to support an entirely Burton-esque fish-out-of-water comedy, but one lacking the heart and emotionality of Big Fish (2002) or Edward Scissorhands (1992). Barnabas -- the great Byronic vampire who came before Anne Rice’s Lestat, Forever Knight’s Nick Knight, Joss Whedon’s Angel and Stephanie Meyers’ Edward Cullen – is now a confused misfit tilting at lava lamps and other fads of the 1970s."
"The Inconceivable Behavior of Lord Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu"
"If you are still unsure, we have plenty of pattern suggestions in the shop. So drop by because all you need is a few hours over a few days to start - & finish - all of your gift knitting! Looking forward to seeing you! Happy Holidays!"
"Hi All. Are you staying cozified? I've got my new sorel boots on for the soft blanket of snow...It's amazing how much these boots put me in the mode for \"getting 'er done\" today."
"16:20 Questions Drinks and refreshments will then follow."
"traffic, the citizens live in"
"Jesus then said to those Jews who believed in him,* “If you remain in my word, you will truly be my disciples, and you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.”"
"As always, thank you all for your comments. I love reading them. I know there is a way to comment back to people so that they know I responded... but I have no idea how to do this? Anyone else know?"
"Need a drink? There's a vending machine in the lobby. Something to eat? Vending machine. You can, however, get wi-fi and there are toasters and microwaves in the lobby area. No chairs, just stools. This is cheap but very basic accomodation."
"Gerit made us delicious oatmeal muffins baked in glass jars and a sweet topfen with dandelion petals and streaks of sandthorn oil. We sat in her yard, surrounded by hundred-year-old trees, and enjoyed the sound of wind through branches and birds singing."
"There are three other beers in the \"Taste the Difference\" range, but for various reasons I gave them a miss. The first is Scottish Craft Lager, brewed by Harviestoun and presumably based on their well-known Schiehallion brand, but at just 4.1% abv, a touch on the weak side for a decent lager. The other was the Suffolk Golden Ale, from St Peter's Brewery. I gave this one a miss as the tasting notes make clear it is a wheat beer, and I've never been a fan of wheat beers.Somehow I just can't get on with them; I can dink one, at a pinch, but one is invariably enough and after that I have to switch to a more traditional.style, based on barley malt."
"We have certainly mastered the art of managing busy-ness, it’s the art of relaxation that we have a problem with. Having become so accustomed to schedules and deadlines, we haven’t an inkling as to what down time looks like, and when we stumble across it, what to do with it…."
"papers - white card embossed with cuttlebug 'swiss dots/snowdots"
"‘Well? What do you think?’ asked the beak."
"*** Vitamins: It is best to get as much of the vitamins and minerals you need from the food that you eat. However, your diet can’t 100% everyday provide 100% of everything the body needs. A complete vitamin is perfect for filling in the gaps. Because I am still nursing I am supposed to remain on the prenatal vitamins. When I am done nursing I probably will go back on taking some additional vitamins like extra vitamin D and coq10 for wrinkles but for now the prenatal suffices."
"Robust time series analysis of ITV news bulletins"
"You want more detail, sit back down on your lazy ass and spend two minutes skimming that post. It's worth it. If you're a parent, it will make you feel better about yourself. If you're not a parent, you will be EXTREMELY careful with your birth control after reading that. And this post, for that matter."
"Our lives shall not be sweated"
"Yesterday was Learn Nothing Day, a holiday created by Sandra and Holly Dodd to poke a little fun at those folks who ask us questions like, \"But if you don't go to school, how do you learn?\""
"Placebo Every me every you UK"
"Wknd Box Office: John Carter, A Thousand Words, Friends With Kids, Rampart, We Need to Talk About Kevin, Where the Bleep is Schlussel? Not Dead Yet In past 24 hours, over 45 rockets were launched at #Israel from #Gaza. The Iron Dome system, intercepted 10 rockets aimed at densely populated areas in #Israel. #defense Overnight, the #IDF targeted a few terror sites in #Gaza An average of 2 rockets every hour in past 24 hours! The rockets were launched from #Gaza into #Israel. There are approximately one million Israelis within the rocket range. Most of them spent the night sleeping near/in shelters Summary of Tonight’s Events"
"But we don’t have to wait for missionaries to visit for our children to become involved in the great commission. There are opportunities for your children to serve the international community right here in America. Giving up vacation time to volunteer with a ministry has many benefits for families."
"Though I have said this several times before, here is a brief recap of what happened."
"And once the posts went up, it was great to read your responses and find out what you had to say over some of today's most interesting scientific fields and their respective discoveries and advances. The blogosphere has to be one of the sharpest audiences around, and sometimes it really was a challenge to reply to your comments and answer your questions!"
"Well, today was the first day of my official DOWN year. I weighed in this morning and it was not a pretty picture at ALL. I don't even know if I want to post it on here yet...lol I did tell my trainer though."
"Devotees of the brand have requested that the potent olfactive cocktail be made into a perfume. A Moroccanoil® eau has not been made to date, but there is a way to use the product as a scent. The solution lies in layering; the same principal used when applying fragrance on skin. Hair, unlike skin, holds onto fragrance longer. Combining at least three Moroccanoil® products is recommended. Glass Petal Smoke suggests Moroccanoil® Shampoo, Conditioner and the Hydrating Style Cream. Don’t let the “oil” in Moroccanoil® stop you from using the treatment oil; it is quickly absorbed and doesn’t weigh your hair down. Warning: the desire to use the Treatment Oil as a perfume is tempting."
"Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer on Friday signed into law a bill to cut off Planned Parenthood’s access to taxpayer money funneled through the state for non-abortion services."
"- 3 tbsp kinnogomadar (Japanese sesame sauce with roasted nuts)"
"4 Fs- Freedom, Foods, Family and Friends"
"fulfillment of our dreams"
"Our happy goats are loved and well cared for at KJP Farm. They get lots of attention morning and night, play in the sunshine, and eat local alfalfa hay and some whole grains on occasion for dessert. We keep the farm small so we can attend to each and every goat and give them lots of room to roam."
"On the other hand, some people won't write in a particular genre or category because said genre or category hasn't sold in forever. That's fine, but you should always be aware that today's Huge Trend™ was under everyone's radar yesterday. (Not that I expect poetry sales to magically take off OH WAIT THAT IS SORT OF HAPPENING**.) Which leads me to my next point:"
"We would do this. For we did not want to be alone."
"$160/nt or $640 (5 for 4) for Sun-Fri"
"I laid them on my sawhorses."
"Vitamins and Minerals – Hemp is delivers a solid dose of vitamins A, B1, B3, B5, D, and E. Hemp is also a good source of iron, containing 2 to 3 mg. Hemp protein provides 48 percent of the recommended daily value of magnesium at 100 to 200 mg per serving. It even boasts trace minerals, and chlorophyll (which you will all remember from Green Dream Chlorella Cream, right?)"
"Some lovely people have created an online petition as a gift for the developers and it would mean ever so much to me if you would go and sign it. It's as easy as clicking here"
"A reader recently asked me about the lacto fermented Ketchup I made a while ago."
"2011 will also be a notable year for me, as it is when I became a Harry Potter convert (of sorts)! For spectacle, in the final two films in particular, there is almost nothing to touch it."
"For more information, please contact Liis Jeffries at 250-378-8820"
"Real estate investors competing to buy Manhattan apartment buildings have sent prices to record highs as rental demand surges, reducing yields on the properties to the lowest in more than six years. The capitalization rate, a measure of investment return that declines as prices rise, averaged 4.4% for Manhattan multifamily buildings in first three months of this year… ‘It’s the strongest of all asset classes,’ said Doug Harmon, senior managing director at Eastdil Secured LLC… ‘There is still plenty of room to run on rents, and I see absolutely no reason why this action will or should stop anytime soon.’”"
"The simplicity of the dark duck meat cake at hotel was excellent: confit."
"Blog about this giveaway and leave a comment for another chance to win."
"Not duelling events, but women and spurious grudges. We men are too thick-skinned to have any idea of why a woman might seethe with resentment. Truly, we have no idea. And a short while ago, a female blogger, who I will not name nor provide any specific clues toward, seems to have become angry with me and feels that I had insulted her or harmed her in some way. I had then, and still have now, no idea what I was supposed to have done."
"From the record shop, mainly T-shirts of bands, either given out free as merchandising, or by the indie producers oiling a sale of their wares. Interestingly neither still happen quite so readily; the major record labels have slashed their merchandising giveaways and the indie T-shirt producers have gone out of business. Partly as they were pursued for breaches of copyright and the development of image rights."
"Baby Please Don’t Go – Strange Boys"
"King Charles I had his final night of freedom in a pub here (ironically, it was called the King’s Head, but – presumably out of respect and deference after the event – they changed it now to the Saracen’s Head); Lord Byron lived here (just before the Bramley was first grown…); and thousands of nameless impoverished folk eked out a living in the Workhouse, which sits virtually unchanged on the edge of town: a pretty sight on a sunny, spring day in March 2012, but probably rather a different prospect when it was built in the 1820s…"
"Environmentalists say widening of roads near canals has been a blow for the Forest Department as that was the only chunk of land left with them for planting saplings."
"P.S. On a side note, if I was a Nephilim girl born from one of the twelve Dukes (for the seven deadly sins plus a few additional ones)... I'd probably be a glutton for books, if that's possible! x)"
"Tenaganita subsequently held consultations with the Ministries of Home Affairs and Human Resources on the cheating and exploitation of these workers, and the corruption in the system. To date, the State has not acted on the information given by Tenaganita. Instead, in 2011 amendments to the Employment Act were made, changing the definition of “employers” to include “outsourcing companies”."
"\"Are you okay?\" I asked."
"REM Everybody hurts US"
"nothing made a sound."
"Every living entity is in constant battle with its neighbors seen and unseen, known, unknown or unknowable to maintain its moment of existence for the purpose of continuing its life or perish."
"Roaring across my trail,"
"Maybe you would agree with the point that there has to be something wrong with a nation that forces - at gunpoint - its people to stay. Fidel has also been lambasted for his jailing of homosexuals, routine torture of opponents lack of a free media in Cuba."
"Suddenly it dawned on me… Why American monolinguals vote for Regugnicans and Democraps; they can’t filter the verbal diarrhea spouted by either party."
"With a date with the Miami Heat looming in the NBA playoffs, the Indiana Pacers aren't about to bow down to anyone. Coach Frank Vogel and some of the players don't see themselves as the underdog going into the second round showdown with Miami."
"So that was a lot for one hour, right? I was expecting a little more crossover in this hour, but I guess that will come in the Private Practice episode. I’ve already said my thoughts on Owen and Cristina. Alex really is Seattle’s version of the Grinch, we always get to see his heart grow another size. And while Bailey is usually my personal hero, Sloan’s speech to her was pretty awesome. Since Meredith and Callie are both in such similar life points (married, child), it will be good to see them develop a friendship."
"picture in this way......"
"I have never disliked Brussels sprouts the way some people do, but I can’t say they have ever been a favorite either. Andrea and I were at Trader Joe’s, saw these stalks of brussel sprouts and just had to bring them home to show the kids. We decided to fix them without telling the other how we would prepare them and then let you all know what we came up with. I did a little research and found a recipe with lots of good reviews. ( I have always sautéed Brussels sprouts in garlic and olive oil but wanted to try something different.) It sounded ridiculously easy so I decided to give it a try. I must say, they were better than I have ever tasted! Mae and Charlie were a little put off by the color at first but after a few bites they were won over as well."
"Kedi is a... spirit who currently happens to be in cat form. Only those with whom he is in direct contact realise that he's more than just an ordinary cat - currently he lets his guard down only around Austin, the English boy he's befriended in my middle grade novel The Face of A Lion."
"I had my first run in at work with a lady who is notoriously rude. I’ve never previously had a problem with her and have quite happily served her in the past but yesterday she called me up to complain and was just plain mean to me on the phone. I tried to explain but she started off mean and just got worse."
"Americans may have grown more secular in their general outlook, but there is still that inner voice, their relationship with the faith into which they were born or they embraced—their soul—and the historic distrust of big government that will shape the outcome of the election."
"info@Emmausleeds.co.uk"
"The book “Prescription for Nutritional Healing” by James and Phyllis Balch lists aspartame under the category of “chemical poison.” While many still refuse to believe that toxic or otherwise health-harming ingredients would be allowed to be used in food manufacturing, the evidence against aspartame and other artificial sweeteners is, in my opinion, overwhelming…"
"Good thing my mom left me this lovely Christmas Amaryllis bulb on the counter, as a way of thanking me for taking care of Millie."
"c) Adding On: Their side is a goal to the good and they score to add a second goal to the lead"
"\"You drove that place out of business.\""
"As a result, last weekend I watched an episode of NBC's Law and Order entitled “Birthright”."
"Nothing in this world truly lasts, but in these moments we can hope."
"Up and down 1st Saddle. Timed it perfectly as light snowflakes chased me all the way down the mountain and shortly after I got back to my bike and returned to my apartment the snowstorm had started in earnest."
"It is true that these inmates and guards are part of a system. It did not take postmodernism to tell us that. So what is Fiona Tan really trying to do? I think that what Tan is trying to do is allow a viewer access to human beings which are usually forgotten once they are locked away or humans that are often viewed as brutal parts of institutional discipline, i.e. the guards. If this is the case, why does Tan use an eclectic postmodern presentation that does not allow such sentimentality and love of humanity?"
"Also this weekend, we’re hosting 2 window sales, just in case you haven’t seen enough amazing Goodwill deals yet:"
"What is culture? To me, culture is a form of classification for certain groups of people based on their common beliefs, thoughts, influences and behaviors in different races, regions, town, cities and countries."
"5. Beat yolks with other half of the sugar until light and creamy."
"If you don't hear from me for a while, it's because my new iPhone and I have ridden off into the sunset together."
"As others saw — I could not bring"
"One Legged Hops (get up high, extend, 40m)"
"This year 13 million American kids will be bullied and three million students will be absent because they feel unsafe at school, according to the documentary Bully. Bully sheds light on the harmful mental health effects bullying can have and has inspired a national conversation about how parents and educators should deal with this nationwide crisis."
"Scourge also features brief appearances by other species associated with service to the Hutts, the most prominent of which was the Rodians, but most interesting was the detailed description of the Nikto and the subspecies of Nikto."
"Hawaiian Pizza"
"In the bento: Tiny cheese ravioli bake, steamed broccoli, baby corn, orange slices and chunks of black plum."
"All in all, the day went swimmingly (literally toward the end there...) and we all walked away pleased. I'm even more pleased to be able to bring you some info about each of these vendors in the next bit on the other blog (I know, back and forth, back and forth... I am getting confused as well) and will bring you a bit more of the story about each one. I went out of my way to try to find locals who use organic and sustainable business practices, and each one gave me a big smile. If I can do it in such a tiny town, so can you! Part of the process that falls under the sustainable category is that each is a local small business and / or artisan. Supporting the local arts and culture and helping them run a business from their craft while not cutting corners is really the way to go! It also means that you are probably working with awesome people :) Hope you enjoyed the process and the photos!"
"In talking to his nephew, Slashreap talks about the internet:"
"“That is correct,” Wei replied."
"‘No,’ said my mother, ‘let my father-in-law get out of the bathroom. He will be shocked if he gets out and does not see anyone around.’"
"Believe it or not I intended for there to be a lot more humor in this post but the memory still haunts me. Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night thinking I’m surrounded by trash that is going to cave in on me. The one thing it did is make me a lot neater of a person that I probably would have been otherwise. Once you witness what can happen by hoarding and not cleaning up…you never want to live in it."
"Unlike sniper and other long range rifle rounds, these big monsters were designed to shoot at short ranges of under 100 yards (generally 50 yards or less in fact); and to deliver their HUGE bullets, at moderate velocities, to break through the heavy bone structure of African big game like Elephants, Rhinos, and Cape Buffalo."
"“Yeah, that’s them.”"
"(And don’t you wonder how a soap company started making stackable chips in the first place? But I digress.)"
"We are not spider food. They had no reason to bite us unless we harass them, or they incidentally get lodged in a pant leg or the bedsheets. When those things happen (and they do happen, but not as often as the general public thinks) the bites of some spiders can have really awful symptoms, including death. But really, deadly spider bites are exceedingly rare, especially here in the United States, where people seem to be the most terrified of the little animals."
"The format for a press release is somewhat different from that of an article although many of the rules for writing good articles do apply. Webwire offers some universal guidelines as well as a sample release. The following tips will get you started, but be sure to adhere to all of the specifications before submitting a release."
"When he had been a her, before the Change rite, he remembers going through the witch initiation as Danni. The dream shell in his hands chimes. He opens his eyes, looks down at the hypnotic, glowing weave of it sitting in his fingers, and is swallowed up by the past."
"Add butter to pan and gently sauté the potatoes"
"Origin and significance"
"“We trust you to decide about your sexuality, having your children, and planning your family,” says a flier promoting the Humbolt County Clergy for Choice event. “We are religious leaders who value all human life. We accept that religions differ about when life begins. We are here to help.”"
"After feeding the kids dinner, I’ve never seen a two year old eat so much, nor a five year old who could talk so much! Bathing and quiet time, bed time finally came for their first night with us. I’m not sure who was more exhausted them or us. It must have been so hard and confusing for the kids, wake up in the morning in one house and go to bed in another house of complete strangers."
"6. Create a more 'European' style for myself."
"Too many people try to figure out when they're having dinner by approaching it from the beginning, then end up eating dinner later than they anticipated. This is one time when it works better to start at the end and work backwards to the beginning."
"It means more than you'll ever know to read a good review, or some kind words about my stories. You have no idea how ridiculously happy that can make a humble indie author like me feel, so I can only hope that you'll continue to read and enjoy my work in the future."
"During sleep, our brain releases inhibiting substances to prevent us from acting out our dreams fully, although we may toss, turn and even talk in our sleep. The feline brain works similarly. In laboratory experiments where unfortunate feline subjects have had their brains tampered with so that those substances aren’t released, the cats act out their dreams in full. Even laboratory-bred cats which have never hunted, or even seen prey, have been observed to ‘catch birds’, ‘chase mice’ and ‘bat prey’ in the course of their dreams."
"McConnell Statement on Debt Talks: U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell made the following statement Friday regarding the announcement that Speaker Boehner will work with the Senate Leadership on deficit reduction legislation:"
"One year later, I am good. I am happy. I have a stronger testimony of the Plan of Salvation. I am a bit nervous about life and how short it is. I know it's inevitable but I don't want to feel that pain again of losing someone I love. It's hard to be left behind. I am looking forward though. I feel like a chapter in my book is closing and a new one is about to begin. President Hinckley said, \"Life is to be enjoyed, not endured\". I plan on doing just that."
"Genre: Young Adult, Contemporary, Romance, Chick-lit"
"And now I’m home. Older, wiser, a little slimmer and hopefully secure in the knowledge of what I’m good at, and what I want to do with my time."
"public school heathens had just arrived."
"handful of fresh cilantro"
"He also prayed that his believers, are SANCTIFIED (set apart) through the word (John 17:17)."
"2010.08.31 Afghanistan Kabul 11 0 Eleven US troops on security patrol are killed in three roadside bombings."
"What emerges most clearly of all in this film is that the Baron’s plans never work because he is incapable, being inhuman himself, of taking into account human behaviour. He never foresees his creations turning upon him, though they generally have sound reasons to do so, and he is likewise blind to his various assistants’ moral qualms. The series charts the decline of a scientific mind into a quagmire of brutishness, due to its inherent blindness to human nature, the very thing it is seeking to master."
"Golden and brown, as you muse"
"Letting her power"
"So, at work this week they have what you call a Tacky Ornament Party. I have never been to one before, and normally when I think tacky I think one of two things:"
"We started our group,"
"From her Q & A with Hannah Trierweiler Hudson at the Scholastic website:"
"The vase is absolutely stunning. It definitely has a vintage feel to it, which I love and I love the verse as well. These pictures do not to it justice! Personally, I'm still trying to decide what to do with mine- flowers, potpourri, decorative balls, a candy jar...the possibilities are endless!! The great thing about this vase is that its so simple, it could easily be worked into any type of decor!"
"When I feel like quitting, I have a saying \"This too shall Pass\" and it always does."
"So, from now on I am not going to clean your crap up."
"As the lovely Maya Angelou says in the opening quote above, it is not what people say or do that sticks with me. Most of us can do anything as well as the next person or say anything as easily as the next person. But it’s how they make me feel that stays with me. Always the feeling. So Maya Angelou is right, at least where I’m concerned."
"Papuan Legislative Council chairman Ruben Magai said that candidate registration would run from May 7 to 13, followed by a selection process from May 14 to 20."
"One of my personal favourites this year, a pair of lovers flee their New England town, which causes a local search party to fan out and find them. Directed by Wes Anderson and starring Bruce Willis, Bill Murray and Edward Norton. Out May 25th"
"It all starts with ‘tone from the top’ but communications within a business need to also focus on the implementation of the company’s anti-bribery policies and procedures. The Guidance lists several areas which it believes such communication should provide instruction upon. These include company policies on “decision making, financial control, hospitality and promotional expenditure, facilitation payments, training, charitable and political donations, penalties for breach of rules and the articulation of management roles at different levels.” Another critical aspect of internal communications is the establishment of an ethics helpline. Such a helpline should be secure, confidential and accessible for both employees and those outside the company to elevate concerns about bribery on the part of associated persons, to provide suggestions for improvement of bribery prevention procedures and controls and for requesting advice. The Guidance calls such a tool a “Speak-Up Line” but whatever name it is given, it is clear that those both inside and outside a company need to be furnished with a secure, confidential and safe manner to report ethical concerns to an appropriate level of management."
"Len liked it and said she came out with confidence and attack. He also didn’t care that Maks slipped and fell. Bruno liked the slower parts where she could express herself, but thought she couldn’t keep up with the quicker parts. Carrie Ann thought it was her best performance by far but wants her to find balance in her holds with Maks."
"and... all of this.. new job + moving out + driving car... has to happen by August. I have to stay at my current job for long enough to save up some money so that I can take a week and a half long vacation before I settle into a new job."
"I can place my order - big or small - and within just a few days my goodies will be delivered direct to my door. I particularly love the sentiments, the cardstock, and the inks."
"* Joe South - Games people play"
"5. Police state (3:33)"
"Someone would shush every so often, reminding the others to keep their voices down; they didn’t need to attract the attention of the whole cafeteria. The noise level would drop, but little by little it rose again as people became more excited and, to Linden’s dismay, angry."
"Fermented on the cooler range with Fermentus US-04"
"I tought we should have a girly one this time."
"Teri"
"Hi, I'm Tanja,"
"I think Stuart Neville’s novels with the Lennon detective character would make a great movie."
"I make mistakes when I'm creating. Time-consuming, frustrating, and occasionally boneheaded mistakes. Sometimes I think that blogs like ours celebrate the finished objects and make the process seem so beautiful and seamless. But it never is. Sweaters get frogged and reknit, sewn seams get ripped back, and even designs are flawed. Trust me."
"If our enemy would fight on the battlefield, on open ground, in uniform, carrying his weapons openly, then it would be a case of an army facing off against a force that behaved like an army, and children and other non-dangerous people would not get hurt. But the enemy has changed the way it fights. So we have no choice. We have to protect ourselves as necessary."
"CHICAGO’S PROUD OF YOU"
"I didn’t start the first jogging when it was time, pushed it back about a minute being just as it said jog, I saw another jogger and was just flat out to embarrassed to start my first jog in front of another jogger. Once I saw he was out of site for the most part, I started the program back up, and started jogging."
"It matters that you pause for a moment. It matters that you really hear the whirr of your lap-top, or the squeaky wheel as the cyclists passes you. It matters that you smell those tomatoes-on-the-vine and notice their earthy sweetness. It matters that you take a minute to skim your fingertips over your smooth silk shirt."
"“I am also a human being.” he smiled. “You made me suffer a lot last night sweet fairy.”"
"I just finished the first cut at the quadratic arc decorators for the Freehand Drawing Library. Previously, only solid arcs could be drawn. The example below shows dashed- and dotted-line decoration applied to arrowed arcs."
"Welcome to Luv Scrapping Together!"
"Tic toc, tic toc, tic toc......"
"I ended up testing 24 recipes. It was the sweetest, most delicious testing experience yet. The vegan dream team completely changed my perspective on so many things. I'll list my top ten testers, counting down to my favorite."
"Oh and this better help me lose the rest of the weight, because otherwise that sucks."
"Some weeks, each member has a project of their own or someone needs help with fitting issues or pattern alterations."
"Can anyone see the sense in this? Take a series of everyman pocket paperbacks like The Fontana Book Of Great Ghost Stories, which, in their day were available in just about every newsagent and supermarket up and down the country, and like as not got several people on here reading the stuff. Make a random selection from volumes 17-20. Get Les Edwards to design you a terrific cover, fully in sympathy with the original series. Now, have the thing printed, making sure it’s as unnecessarily bulky as possible, and run off just enough copies so that it sells out prior to publication. Appealing to the “I’ve still got my factory sealed, never been opened, worth a bomb!” non-reading market is all very well, but it’s also driving another stake into the heart of what’s supposed to be ‘popular fiction’. Hope they won an award for it."
"The young star is making himself, friends and family proud already.."
"Anyhow, that’s that. A place to start, I suppose."
"The object of the game is for your little man to shoot his fingers up a fat woman’s arse and avoid her shit falling on him. Genius!"
"I will share a few more pictures Monday. Have a great weekend!"
"I know you"
"to forgive my sin of wanting more than my heart"
"Wasn’t it Lewis who said that we are to be Little Christs?"
"Alec Baldwin’s Monologue"
"At The Thornbury Theatre she reprised the show for the Melbourne Food & Wine Festival with the assistance of five of the state’s most prominent ‘Women of Beer’ and it lost nothing in either the translation or the expansion of its talent."
"If you'd like to make these handles you'll need to cut your handle strip 2\" x 16 - 18\" depending on how much gather you want. You'll also need about 9 1/2\" of 1/4\" elastic."
"I can't wait to find out what they find out about what Shakespeare has been up to next LOL."
"Carpet Cleaners Plus Biodegradable Carpet Shampoo – The Best Carpet Cleaning Solution"
"I will be moving into my new apartment on SATURDAY!!!!! My dad is coming up here to help me move in, and I’m really excited since I haven’t seen him since Spring Break. I’ll be getting a mattress, table and chairs, futon couch, and some smaller items like dishes, cleaning supplies, cooking supplies, and bedding. I’ll be getting my bed frame from PBteen once I get back from home – I have to get all my clothes and some smaller items out of my room and Zach’s. I’m also hoping to get some subscriptions sent to my new apartment! I would like to get Science, Nature, The New Yorker, The New York Times, Journal of Maritime Archaeology, and The International Journal of Nautical Archaeology. I may also renew my Nat Geo subscription, but I’m not completely sure yet."
"I missed the point of this hymn of praise:"
"On top of the earth"
"Sock Puppets: -Sock Puppets – Kitty- *CuteBytes*"
"talked about a movie and posted the trailer. The movie was called \"The Troll Hunter\", a Norwegian production. The trailer was captivating and I knew I wanted to see this movie.(click here to watch trailer). Well, fast forward to present day and frankly I had completely forgotten about The Troll Hunter. But then, guess what? Browsing through the cable channels the other night, lo, and behold, there it was. So I set the movie to record on the good old DVR, and the next night, my hubby and I sat down to watch."
"1/2 cup toasted chopped nuts"
"Harvard cardiologist Herbert Benson, MD, identified the flip side of the stress response, which he called the “relaxation response.” Benson demonstrated that meditation, yoga, and other relaxation techniques can bring about physiological changes including a lower heart rate, lower breathing rate, and decreased muscle tension along with positive changes in brain waves. Mind-body techniques that elicit this relaxation response have been successful in treating many stress-related disorders."
"I attended more funerals before age 20 than most people, other than a pastor will attend in their lifetime. Why I was not one of them, only God can tell. He has the final say and fortunately, He now holds the pen."
"For her family and her people, Rhia would sacrifice anything. And Crow knows it—."
"The really awesome thing, though, is that only one local TV channel bothered to interrupt their very important Tuesday afternoon schedule of sports programming and Friends re-runs to inform the public of this. Um, guys, this is possibly the highest traffic bridge in the Bay Area? And we’re not yet sure of the safety implications. You don’t think it might have been a good idea to let people know there was a problem?"
"► January (1)"
"It’s your job to sometimes think out loud, to initiate interesting conversations, and to be open for discussion where you may have just shut the door before. It’s your job to realize that your child will have different opinions and thoughts than you do, and to respect that and perhaps even broaden your own world from it."
"Serving and former US Navy SEALs have slammed President Barack Obama for taking the credit for killing Osama bin Laden and accused him of using Special Forces operators as ‘ammunition’ for his re-election campaign."
"buying from the growers ourselves and cutting out"
"Bill: Lots of good memories of mom as well. Aside from her natural beauty, I remember she had the toughest gig in the family as the Sergeant At Arms of the household. She was more practical than an idealist, strangely unsentimental, though with a great sense of humor, and had an opinion on just about everything, except that she would never talk about herself and her own feelings. But whenever I think of her, I think of the time that dad would come home at the end of the day, I can still remember the sight of the two of them performing their daily ritual of a big kiss on the lips, one that you could also hear the sound of way down the hall. The memory that is my most bittersweet is the time she suffered her final heart attack, and as the paramedics were wheeling her out to the ambulance, she looked up at me, with a loving smile and whispered, \"Take good care of yourself, Willie......It's your turn now.\""
"If I love Him, He will love me, if I seek Him early I will find Him and if I seek Him diligently He will reward me. James 4 v 8 says if I draw near to GOD, God will draw near to me."
"asked the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs whether he is aware that, consequent upon the hasty departure of Maltese colonists from Tripoli, the property which they were compelled to leave behind was pillaged by Arabs and that the harvests of the Maltese have been reaped by natives."
"I choose to find it easy and fun to write award winning Holy Spirit filled bestsellers (Novels & movies) to God’s glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!"
"Come out and get more information on how your child can better prepare themselves for a rapidly changing world, at the same time as receiving a relevant, engaging and active education that meets their individual interests and needs."
"It was about 35 degrees when we finished. There was still plenty of post race snacks and drinks for those of us who take our time. In particular, the chicken soup tasted like liquid gold."
"In closing, I wanted to share a verse with you that one of our friends posted on Facebook as a prayer for all her friends; it really touched me, so tonight I pray this for all of you."
"Recently, I found myself craving a brown, bitter stirred cocktail. My thoughts instantly went to the Palmetto. Mind you, I wasn't looking for some extensive experiment, just a simple tasty three-ingredient cocktail. But when I opened the refrigerator, I discovered that I had run out of sweet vermouth. I was even out of Punt e Mes. This was unsettling on many levels. As I cautiously eyed the dry vermouth, I noticed inspiration hiding behind the sherry: half a bottle of Bonal. Eureka!"
"The figs are already making! Seems early this year but everything else has been. It took me a while to get fig trees established here but these are doing well now. An old friend of mine always told me you couldn't have good fig trees unless you had chickens. I think he meant chicken poo was good for the trees. The chickens do love to rest under the trees for some reason if given the chance, so maybe he was right."
"All I know is I will be holding my breath for this latest undertaking to be completed before the first guest arrives. I really don’t want to have caution tape across my front yard and piles of pavers and mulch laying in the driveway."
"I'd like to think there's also a lesson about racism and historical accuracy in there somewhere."
"Oh, and let me know what you think about what’s already there."
"Nickname derives from the Middle English eke-name, which means “an additional name.” Good ones from childhood are imprinted in my brain. Fuzz had a tangle of red hair. Bean was known for his prolific flatulence. Dome had a formidable forehead. When my brother and I lived on Federal Hill in our college days, the neighbor’s cat was always asleep at the back door. We nicknamed him MSG."
"It was probably around early December where I started seriously considering writing a poem a day, inspired by various things around the web and when the new year kicked in I just started. I've also had ambitions to write a novel and I wanted something to get me writing everyday, and this is a really good idea to get me doing that."
"who raised him from the dead."
"Or two book signings same day at the same time, one is your Mother-In-law's favorite author and one is your mother's favorite author, who do you choose?"
"Send me any questions you have on refinishing furniture if you like!"
"The puck was shot into the corner in the Leafs’ zone. Bower moved toward the puck uncertainly, leaving himself exposed from behind. Howe bore down toward the puck. Howe, the toughest guy around, could’ve plastered Bower’s head against the glass, perhaps deciding the Cup."
"My fingers are cold. I should probably give it a rest soon."
"I had a nice lie in, then I went for lunch with my daughter and LPF, who was very well behaved, sat in her high chair and entertained everyone with her giggles, bangings, and general carrying on! Then we went back to my daughter's and had a nice cuppa and a birthday chocolate cupcake. An afternoon of fun and frolic with LPF is the perfect birthday present!"
"Council Submissions"
"Next shelf down we have rice, beans, etc and cereals. The 'MIX' cereal is for me...I like my cereals mixed - the more the merrier! I used to just pull out every cereal in the morning and put a little of each in my bowl. Now the plan is to pour the cereal remnants from the other canisters onto mine so I only have to pour one cereal in the morning. I great idea if I may say so myself."
"15 And truth is lacking, and he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey. And the LORD saw it, and it displeased Him that there was no justice;"
"01. Opening"
"It's our engagement photo."
"There were always three eaglets"
"It cannot be said that the Path of Probation lasts for any given amount of time…not an hour, a day, or a year. It is thus futile to seek to put Probation within a specific window or amount of time. This is oftentimes done incorrectly for there are those who do not feel comfortable and secure unless they have a specific and definite time slot for everything. They want to know when everything is going to occur, how it is going to occur, and why. While one is busy keeping all such information going on and alive in their mind, one easily overlook the importance of what is taking place of the event one is incessantly seeking to time."
"ever know."
"Ft. Campbell – Next to Land Between the Lakes; adjacent to airfield and US Alt. 41."
"When you watch a Lions game you can see the emotion that Raiola plays with. He's seen a lot of bad in his time with the Lions and now he's starting to see a turn around. For his sake hopefully he remembers the good times."
"I have no way to accurately judge the quality but based on the price, these are probably not forever rugs. They are fun and trendy and would be ideal for low traffic zones like guest bedrooms or in spaces where the decor is somewhat temporary (i.e. apartments, nurseries, or kids rooms)."
"Lying in my sisters bed, afternoon sun on my face and old-fashioned music in the background thoughts drifted through my mind about how the early decades of the 1900s depicted so much loveliness and splendour to us."
"Now for the recipe: I spent a lot of time batting around ideas about what to call these. Tom and I sat around free associating names like “veet” balls, “neat” balls, lentil balls, etc. It actually got quite silly (and risqué) and I proposed holding a contest on the blog so someone else could come up with a name that everyone would be happy with. But in the end, I have to be true to myself and so I present to you my delicious Lentil \"Meat\" Balls."
"The judges were local celebrities. There was probably some huckster from the local rock radio station there. And some other hack. But the hack that mattered most to us was Rob Preuss. He was still the keyboardist for Burlington’s seemingly-coke-inspired, ‘80s hairspray pop band. The Spoons. He hadn’t yet traded in the sky-high pompadour for a mullet and a ride with Honeymoon Suite."
"Time: 11:00 to 11:25"
"Mullholland Dr."
"If you click on the image name below the DT's name, it'll take you straight to the image in the store."
"chopped shallot"
"on the wall beside the window, silver with light;"
"Malaysians are intelligent and when will our leaders realize this?"
"I think that once I started to develop closer friendships, I started to care about what these people thought of me. I realized that I was inadequate in ways I had previous been comfortable with. And then it started; I began to try and impress others. Be it people in general, or specific people, or even a certain person, I find that many of my actions are now geared towards trying to earn the recognition of others. Though I obviously fail at being popular (as you may have read in one of my previous posts), though I know better, it doesn’t stop me from trying…"
"In the Commons immigration debate on the 5th of December 1958 Labour’s Frank Tomney (Hammersmith), remarked “We have been sent here by the electorate to give expression to issues which concern them.” Conservative Cyril Osborne (Louth) 25th March 1965 spoke up for the working class in an immigration debate in the House of Commons. He said that in 1958 he could see the social evils and could still see them, “…for more than ten years I have begged this house – my own side as well as the party opposite – to face this problem which haunted me, as it still haunts me because I could see the social evils”. If anything goes wrong it cannot be others so they blame their own people and the connative word is “racism”. It is only applied to whites. We are the scapegoats for the setbacks on the road to their utopia. The ideas that we are told rule our lives are but rhetoric."
"I had a list of great ‘to do’ things that really, really needed to be done. I took a nap instead. When I woke up, it was too late to reach needed East Coast offices."
"Is it kind is something that we covered already and that one of the most important things we can do is share the truth in a loving way. We need to make sure we are saying the kindest possible things to and about people. Kindness does not make a mess of anything but is a wonderful sweet treat."
"Then, when they finished their dinner they would put on their skates and go to skate on the frozen canal which ran through the centre of town. After skating they would go the hotel where they would stay overnight, change into their pyjamas and sip hot chocolate which a very nice lady brought to their room. In the morning another very nice lady would bring a delicious breakfast of pancakes, fresh strawberries, whipped cream and maple syrup. After breakfast with their shopping complete and their adventure over, they would head back home to everything that Emily loved, her daddy, her big brother Rowan, her dog Ellie."
"Outside the cars are beeping,"
"NAB booth #C4345"
"\"You are correct about TELLURIDE. And also TELLURIDE. But let me ask you this. Were we such flaming assholes when we were at TELLURIDE?\""
"When the book hits the street, please be assured that you will be the first to know!"
"for now, just be happy that i think of you often and i will be writing more. but don't get greedy, blog. it's not all about you anymore."
"Growing up, I was the girl who didn’t have a car. Walking and biking were my transportation. I loved it; I would actually wake up early so I could get a bike ride in before I had to do anything else. If I was bored on the weekends, my mom and I would walk to the mall, just to walk home again (a good 18 miles round trip). I became addicted to exercise at a young age (better than other addictions, I guess) and at one point was training to be a fitness competitor, working out 2 hours a day with weights and elliptical. I still don’t own a car and would really prefer a bicycle to get around, or my own 2 feet. It was good enough as a kid, it should be good enough now."
"The last major renovation of the Texas Governor’s Mansion was in 1982, and it left the house with 21 rooms and 8,920 square feet, though private space is still at a premium. For instance, the Conservatory was added on the southwest corner of the house in 1914 so the Family could have an informal place to eat, but since the State Dining Room is so small, at big dinner parties this second room is pressed into service, with the Governor and First Lady shuttling back and forth between rooms."
"DE: What is the best tidbit of advice you can give to writers who want to combine humor and action?"
"- roughly equal amounts of rhubarb and tart apple (weighing or measuring to be done after all cleaning, peeling, coring, chopping etc. completed)"
"Maybe it's because we were always too cheap to pay wages, but I think it's more likely because we were a bunch of softies who felt guilty at the inevitable demise of such fragile creatures, for whom we felt a responsibility of care. It's bad enough having to constantly replace horses, especially if (by some miracle) they'd lasted a couple of adventures without being gutted and eaten by some hideous abomination."
"All bloggers are noisesome."
"I think that age group is really brutal anyway. I don't think anyone really gets out of junior high without being victimized by someone at some point... even the most \"popular\" kids have to deal with it."
"With a big, back-slappin' thanks to the likes of Coyote Mike and Billy Goat Bruce... the last couple of years, we've been offering our hundred or so 4H Shooting Sports kids a chance to step into the old west where men were men, gals were gals, and hammers down on empty chambers reminded them that gun safety is the law around this here town."
"Rerolled as a mage - who got the souls of a Warlock , a Necromancer and a Chloromancer. So far, this is feeling much better as to what I like playing."
"\"If we stay here, he'll grow up loving this place, and it's really very beautiful here."
"Now with that comes increased tax revenue for the surrounding area, increased revenue for places such as gas stations, convenience stores, and hotels in the area, but it also brings a lot more traffic. We in NJ call this vacationing traffic bennies (especially from New York). They’re something I can’t stand, but that’s best left for another post. Am I willing to put up with increased traffic, obnoxious tourists and the almost complete redevelopment of my beloved Monmouth Park?"
"This is a fun pattern to make, what with the floating chain beak and block tatted wing. As you're tatting it, that block tatting looks alarmingly straight, but it develops this nice graceful curve as you add the feathery chains at the back."
"The Weapons Display ability requires a lot of room; it cannot be done in a narrow corridor. The observer must be close enough to the Jongleur to see the display (e.g., a darkness spell negates the effect). The display has no effect upon those already engaged in close combat, as they are too busy to pay attention to the show. Also, Weapons Display works only on those who can either use weapons or have seen them used. Weapons Display may be used only once per encounter."
"The group had just left the sixth annual anarchist book fair being held at a church off Washington Square Park."
"Or the fact that the movie itself was such a bad idea that just presenting it in plain old \"there it is\" terms just doesn't work as well as just flat-out lying about what it is."
"This was a good opportunity for us to work on position words, so I added in “top, bottom and middle” at the beginning of each line. Other ideas for vocabulary labeling are:"
"Bria's a good girl trying to go bad. Rowan's a bad boy trying to stay good. As they travel across a panorama of Mayan villages, remote Belizean islands, and hostels plagued with jungle beasties, they discover what they've got in common: both seek to leave behind the old versions of themselves. And the secret to escaping the past, Rowan’s found, is to keep moving forward."
"Saying goodbye is so painful."
"Join hands and hearts for the salvation of the next generation and let’s see what God will do when we do our greatest work...on our knees!"
"7. Double thread your SUPER long needle and tie it on a popsicle stick. Thread it from the back to the front of your headboard with the popsicle stick on the back (keeping the thread from going through the hole.) Use pliers to pull the needle through your headboard if you need to-I did. Also, make sure your piece of thread is pretty long.)"
"So, please pray, my friends. Pray fervently for the town of Brookfield. We are genuinely living out Frank Peretti’s book, “This Present Darkness” and it is awesome to see…but at the same time, it is also a little frightening. Ever since I gave my life to Jesus Christ I have been preparing for this battle…but never thought that it would come to my own hometown, or that the Lord would place me at the forefront of the battle. Honestly, I do NOT want to be there, but I will do what my Lord commands for HIS honor and glory, and not my own."
"Mickey over at I'm A Book Shark recently posted her review, including an interview with MOI. :) ON TOP OF THAT, she's giving away a free ebook copy of BTPM. LOTS to see over there. Go check it out and get entered to win. HERE."
"at the beginning of Scivias: “I saw a great mountain the color of iron, and enthroned on it One of such great glory that it blinded my sight. On each side of him there extended a soft shadow, like a wing of wondrous breadth and length. Before him, at the foot of the mountain, stood an image full of eyes on all sides, in which, because of those"
"There are also contemporary accounts, and for my Crimean novel I’m lucky to have had imaginative writers on the spot. From Times Correspondent William Howard Russell I heard the screaming of birds under the booming of cannon, and from Alexander Kinglake the swish of the Highlanders' kilts as they marched through the long grass. Most of all I remember Lord George Paget’s diary reference to the ‘terrible slosh’ of a cannonball ripping into the belly of a man behind him. That one piece of onomatopoeia brought with it the sight and smell and touch, the wetness of the impact, the slurry on the cheek of the man next to him, the frailty and horror of it, one word for a death, slosh."
"Who are the important people in your husband’s life? Your kids, his parents, his friends? Be intentional about who you chat with when you brag on him – it’s almost as important as actually doing it."
"3. Discuss with your students that this is about process as much as the end result. The magic of the Rube is the myriad opportunities it provides for problem solving! Be sure to show them the Mythbusters Christmas special, which shows not only their Rube Goldberg project, but provides a delightful insight to how many times things go wrong in a project like this, even for professionals."
"Bingo: Scenes of Money and Death is a play written in 1973 and portrays an ageing, Shakespeare in his home in Warwickshire. Without giving much away, it shows Shakespeare engaging in land deals (sort of) and dealing with family trials and tribulations."
"It’s interesting how much more mindful I am of the “balance” of my life now that I’ve listed that as my word to focus on this year. I always had issues with resolutions, and this is much less of a resolution and much more of a constant reminder – it seems to be working so much better."
"Have you ever been in the place where life just seems to get away from you? You know what I’m talking about, the times that there is too much to do and not enough time to do it."
"My life has gotten busy lately. Friends are asking for help with projects, social plans are made, and without warning all of the time I have to myself is filled with dishes and laundry and things that need to get done around the house. Suddenly a couple of weeks have passed and now it’s almost May. (How did that happen?!)"
"Guthrie will miss his turn in the rotation and is due to come off the disabled list on May 8. With an ERA of 5.92 over four starts the Rockies might want to leave him on there."
"It has medicinal properties as well. In years gone by it was used to help cure the common cold. It has also been used as a diuretic. It is also being used in the studies of cancer. It has been known to kill certain bacterial strains."
"Here are a couple of recent blog posts I really enjoyed. I'm posting these partly to share, and partly so that I'll have easy access to them for when I want to re-read (and we all know that easy access is so much fun. :-))"
"\"That's just silly,\" Primo said."
"Rosenblum's tale of life on the Seine, and the history of the river, is a timeless classic: one to read ASAP. And re-read."
"And now…it looks like VOM will go back to doing whatever it was doing before Tom “allegedly” killed himself. I know I’m being sarcastic, but I can scarcely contain my disgust at this moment."
"With alternative energy the hot topic it is these days, little towns like Spearville are popping into the spotlight, becoming the subjects of board meetings, hosting community information sessions, and spawning activists for and against the boon or curse of proposed wind farms. The towns that succeed in attracting wind farms earn grants and income from the companies that harvest the rural wind to power the urban machine back east."
"So, we're spending enormous sums on an organisation built on the 1940's concept that centralised state planning and provision is the only way to provide a national health service free at the point of use. This approach has failed to deliver consistently excellent service as expected. There's been much tinkering at the edges to attempt to improve things but nothing that has been in any way adequate. And now the money's running out. David Cameron is committed to maintaining real terms funding and is avoiding real NHS budget cuts. However, after a decade of fiscal incontinence that has seen the NHS's budget more than double, the organisation has lumbered from poor productivity to worse. Some, politically motivated performance targets have been met (especially around elective appointments) at the expense of professional medical judgement in many cases and overall quality of care has dropped."
"my work, my words;"
"They are, its fair to say, very alike, a fact my beta readers picked up on, but it is deliberate. There are differences: Milligan is quick tempered and impatient and likes to be told stories before going to sleep; Murphy is the more serious of the two, he smokes a pipe, has a decent singing voice and has a tendency to interfere with himself when no one’s looking. Both are lazy, fond of the drink when they can afford it and not especially bright."
"An honest to goodness Rest Day…A spot of Yoga (Sun Salutation stuff focusing primarily on breathing) and Leg Drains in the morning. Followed later in the by day a free-flowing Bike Ride with kiddos before bed."
"I mean… REALLY!? I almost had a heart attack! I thought somebody sent me the wrong book! So I am begging, any and all authors who might for some mystical reason read this post, or even this small section of my post, DO NOT EVER PLACE A PICTURE OF YOURSELF ON THE ENTIRE BACK OF THE BOOK. EVER."
"Nearest Tube: Old Street, take exit 2, walk down Old Street, turn left at Hoxton St, opposite Curtain Road."
"I need to be completely honest with you, people."
"Even if you can’t do it, do it until you can. There must be a way!"
"Maybe he looks better in hindsight? No, Romney’s former constituents still don’t like him and still don’t want him to be president."
"Towards the end of summer the following year he met someone special and I gave up on trying to shut him up."
"Maybe someone can tell me why he's telling Eric Holder to look for more scapegoats to take the attention off Fast and Furious, Solyndra, and the New Black Panther Party's voter intimidation case, by finding someone to punish in the housing market?"
"Notice how DIET is a four letter word? Why yes it is Steph."
"And what lives when it dies and dies when it lives? The characters in this drama?"
"1 Samuel 2:1-2–And Hannah prayed and said:"
"Maybe you’ll realize that you don’t like the food or spice you try, or maybe you’ll wonder what took you so long to come around to it. Experiment. There’s a rainbow of nutrients out there."
"The following are part of the research materials I gathered in order to ask an informed question. I tried to be as fair and as diplomatic as I could when asking my question without losing anything important in my question."
"God is so killing you. You know how? With a lion. That's right, God is going to have you killed by a freaking LION. Read 1 Kings if you think I'm making that up. He'd so do it because he's done it before."
"I promise that at 24, you will not regret waiting for “the one.” I promise you even more so, that he was worth waiting for."
"But Herschell's greatest power as both director and writer is that nothing in Blood Feast can be taken seriously for a minute. This is almost as if the Monty Python boys made a mad slasher flick. Not one character has a realistic reaction to the carnage surrounding them (the cops, when confronted with a dripping red room and the bloodied corpse within, rub the backs of their heads and recite platitudes), and the acting style rests squarely in the Mack Sennett School of Subtleties."
"But the other wolf, ah! He is full of anger. The littlest thing will set him into a fit of temper. He fights everyone, all the time, for no reason. He cannot think because his anger and hate are so great. It is helpless anger,for his anger will change nothing."
"Sunday, 12 pm – 6 pm"
"But it seems like now we are buying our kids technology to keep them busy, lets buy them a very expensive Nintendo DS so that they’re entertained in the car when we have to pick them up or take them somewhere.."
"Fortunately, we weren't asked to vacate the premises."
"On the dimensions of places"
"* Brightness / Contrast"
"MALLORY: They want to move. I don’t know why."
"Thanks, and a belated New Year,"
"Previously, I did mentioned on how close I can approach to a dragonfly with “Loving kindness and NO HARM” in my mind for photo taking."
"With the setup done in Sofortbild there’s a live view option so I can see what the live view screen on the camera will see although, bigger on the laptop screen. You can zoom in on this too so you can really nail that focus. Much easier than peering at the 3″ screen on the back of the DSLR."
"On top of that, it seems that the new \"green\" top-loaders don't have agitators. Instead they use a new type of action that rolls the clothes every few minutes and bounces them hard against the bottom of the machine in minimal water. Users reported that their clothes and linens were developing holes and wearing out faster than ever before. Water levels are determined by the machine based on the weight of the load, and you can't override the setting."
"All that said, though, for the last 18 years (man, that's a scary number!), Nyrond has been my home as a player. I've been lucky to have played in a simply awesome campaign based in not-quite-canon Marklands-era Nyrond. We started in Coldeven 585 and we're in late summer 590 now. So after all those years, real and in-game, it's got to be Nyrond."
"This has given rise to an unprecedented level of media freedom. New media have enabled civil society, young people and communities to bring about massive social and political transformations by self-organizing, and engaging the global youth in the fight to be able to freely express themselves and the aspirations of their wider communities."
"“And we will have common projects with people from other cultures. We will develop the intercultural skills of journalists, school pupils and artists and exchange people from these groups with (Muslim) colleagues. We will manage art and cultural productions. We will train the school teachers and influence their education to be multicultural."
"easy wheezie"
"I was actually really impressed. Having seen Jenny Packham's bridalwear in the flesh (then sighed a hearty sigh because of its pricetag) I was dubious about reworking those luxurious designs into something that would look good at a highstreet price point. I expected something to be lost in translation. But it really does work! The dresses are classic and beautiful with gorgeous detailing and embellishment. I spotted at least three that I want to add to my wardrobe right now!"
"A love that makes all seem bright and beautiful"
"Here is the list of beautiful and bold women sharing their stories and talents:"
"In the months before and after September 11, 2001, the United States was bombarded with a series of cyber attacks. A group of criminals exposed vulnerabilities in the Microsoft operating system, and created a buffer overflow virus, which executed arbitrary code and infected hundreds of thousands of computers. By July 19, 2001, the amount of infected hosts reached over 350,000 zombies. A series of separate viruses named Code Red I and Code Red II crippled valuable servers and made calculated attacks on US government computers."
"I think it's time to share with you the project that I created to share with you."
"It appears to be the biggest and wildest strike Athens have seen so far! I was there today until 8pm or so… I have never seen so many people in one place in my entire life! And it was no ordinary strike! You could find all kind of people there: from a men in a wheal-chair to a young kid! The metro was going out of schedule every 2-3minutes and all the trains where packed with people. I couldn`t get on the 3rd coming train even, they all were full, bringing people to Syntagma square earlier today."
"After our jaunt to the Caribbean we returned to our lovely hosts and after a little chilling out, I (we) decided on our next outing. Himself was not giving a lot of input at all, just going where he was taken, a bit like a puppy I suppose."
"'It's from a book title by Barbara Kingsolver.'"
"Sarah Haney is a Denver based artist and photographer who has managed to capture the “Real Barbie”. The Artist Statement reads:"
"“This love for another man is not normal, Betty, but the cat is very pleased with himself. “Solomon, I have surpassed you!” he thinks."
"You fought Ansem, Xemnas, Xehnort, Terra-Xehnort, the same fucking dude"
"My other goal for the summer is to expand my horizons. I’ve always kept things relatively simple around the grills and smokers, lots of Southern BBQ flavours when BBQing and some lots of the same flavours on the grill. I’ve also used a lot of the same proteins and cuts. I want to try new things this year."
"This small bear with the package of an arrow wrapped around its body and resting on its back was also something she gave to me. This was given to me way back in the '70's and was given to me when I moved to Siskiyou County to be with Bill. The bear symbol represents protection and with a fetish spirit bundle on his back he comes with extra protection. Even then Mary knew I would need extra protection and provided me with this \"just in case\". It has remained in a safe and sacred place since then. And even though in all that time since it was gifted to me I have only moved a few times, each time these gifts were carefully wrapped and displayed again at the new location."
"The other day I was looking for something random… I can’t recall now what it was… but I came across this article about how the internet has some websites that promote eating disorders. A sad truth, and unfortunately not one that probably surprises any of us. But I kept seeing the article mention anorexia and bulemia (mainly because these are both disorders that “allow” someone to become extremely thin and so someone might have a website on “how” to be extremely thin)… and it just made me start to think… when will overeating be in that list of widely recognizable eating disorders. Because in my opinion, America’s obesity rates are not due to McDonald’s and Pop Tarts (although, it certainly can be said that neither of those are helping the obesity trends), but due to overeating. Whether it be overeating at three meals a day, overeating by grazing all day, or overeating by not eating all day and then consuming way more than needed in one sitting, overeating is the cause."
"Yeah, I’m really focused at work. Oh yeah, I was reading that Betsey Johnson is filing bankruptcy so I went to the website to see if there was anything I could use my gift card on. Then I saw these…and I’m going to buy them. Because they are perfect."
"I positioned a band on my right index finger and pulled back with my left hand, aiming for the ceiling. Twang! The cloth-covered rubber shot from my finger tips and thwacked against the ceiling. The spider flinched and then froze in place. I quickly grabbed another hair band and repeated my actions. Thwack, thwack. The band hit the ceiling near the spider and ricocheted against the wall before falling to the counter top. I shot again. And again. And again."
"The best thing about this book is Graham's clear method of study. Each chapter follows the same outline:"
"Despite Rondo’s suspension, Rivers said earlier in the day that he wouldn’t be tempted to rush ailing shooting guard Ray Allen back into the lineup for Game 2."
"I arrived at Church House with about twenty minutes to spare, and passed Jon on the stairs on the way up to the gallery. He was easy to spot: very tall, silver hair, and still in his cycling gear, complete with fluorescent yellow jacket."
"However, I make that journey through art works that came to my mind, such as, Bill Reid’s, War Canoe (see news item below) which is paddled by Haida up the Seine 150 km to the city of Paris in 1989, for the celebration of the work of Claude Levis-Strauss (he also paddles for the last few km) and the Museum of Man, Paris. To the art works of Migrations at Tate Britains exhibition, 2012. And, finally Theodore Gericault’s, Raft of the Medusa, 1819, at the Louvre."
"Dogs are different. They’re pack animals and they want to be part of the family. They have emotional needs. Sometimes it’s getting their ears scratched. Sometimes it’s attention, which may be by demanding water for their water bowl. And if that means tipping over their full bowl of water, so they can “make” it empty and demand water, so be it. Sometimes they just want to be near “The Master.” Calvin is the master. And our dog Jezebel will do anything/everything necessary to be with The Master. Even if it means being naughty."
"it worked somehow"
"I have loved. I know what love feels like and I also know what love doesn’t feel like."
"Those 545 human beings spend much of their energy convincing you that what they did is not their fault. They cooperate in this common con regardless of party."
"I was spewed out the other end and shot across the mat like Jonah being gobbed from the whale's belly, my legs rubbery, head spinning and elbow throbbing."
"‘‘(C) used by a certified entity in a manner which protects such cyber threat intelligence from unauthorized disclosure."
"High five to Jalouse for poking fun at the modern day lookbook, which we often find ourselves falling head over heels in love with, while managing to follow, with a large portion of irony the exact framework to make us coo."
"1. Why do you think the artist choose these objects?"
"From the outside, the Ivy is discreet. You would hardly know it was there. Simple, but beautiful leaded stain glass windows give nothing of what is inside away, a heavy door reveals no secrets, and the presence of a very proper, topped and tailed doorman might go someway to unnerve mere mortals looking for a bite to eat."
"ardent love is as unrelenting as Sheol."
"Aqil: Plus nobody had repped our ends at all. Although you had Jive’s Wee Pappa Girl Rappers (member them?) from Willesden, it weren’t the REAL. So determination helped us to be heard. I remember going on stage and burning pictures of sir Paul Condon, the police commissioner at the time. Imagine doing that now. You’d be up on the terrorist 28 day rule. No one has"
"''It's our position in the lawsuit that they are not entitled to do that.''"
"Friday evening's BBC1 'One Show' featured a piece by food critic Jay Rayner on microbrewing. He focused on the traditional role of women in brewing, so took a trip to Brodie's to chat with Lizzie and sample some beers. he also took some of the Brodie's bottles to some unsuspecting ladies in Essex, generally getting a positive response. (His piece starts at about 18 minutes)"
"Copyright 2012 MisfitWisdom RLV"
"I was intending to visit 21st Amendment, a brewpub in SoMA not far from the ballpark. Local intelligence had warned me away, a new brewer of 6 months seemingly not having got to grips with the house beers so that it was a bit of a crapshoot drinking them. Instead, I headed for the Thirsty Bear on Howard St (between 2nd & 3rd) near SF MOMA."
"9) Retweets & Shares - When people really love your content, they share it with their own networks. Is your content being shared socially throughout the web? Track it through retweets and shares."
"6. “The world is a better and more just place now that Osama bin Laden is no longer in it. I hope the families of the victims of the September 11th attacks will sleep easier tonight and every night hence knowing that justice has been done.” – Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) (May 2011)"
"Only a handful of universities across Canada offer aerospace engineering, especially at the undergraduate level. Most of these are in Eastern Canada and include Ryerson University, Carleton University and École Polytechnique de Montréal."
"I had many moments that literally took my breath away while reading as I was like YES that's is it exactly and other times that brought tears to my eyes as I thought yes someone else knows what this is like."
"Me: No, you aren’t supposed to take it off."
"I pushed the comforter away from my face. Then I realised that I was still in the same dress as the evening before."
"A place where friends stop by just because they were near."
"I once ran 140kph along the Skyway."
"So the only thing we can do is love one another and put our differences aside"
"But I think (if I'm lucky enough to own one someday that is) that I'd go with this style. A little bamboo, a cane tray and it comes in an amazing array of colors. Oh yes, I think I've decided, I do want this one."
"The same circumstances were experienced in camps such as Brandfort, Springfontein and Orange River. At Pretoria, the Irene Camp was located at the chilly southern side of the town, while the northern side had a much more favourable climate. Balmoral, Middelburg and other camps were also located on the south-eastern hangs of the hills to ensure that the inhabitants were exposed to the icy south easterly winds."
"She also smoked around friends who smoked, but only when they were actually smoking. It was clearly a social thing for her, and there was no addiction, or – and this is the first time I’ve ever thought of this – maybe it was a passive aggressive way of pricking Dad. Why does that make me smile? I guess because, like many men in the fifties and sixties, he was “The Man” of the house. Golly, this is a revelation as I’m writing it."
"Got an unfinished project but still take it for a spin. Post up a note and a pic."
"There weren’t all too many familiar faces around, but it was very nice talking to the few I saw. And I got invited to a loli meet-up too! Haven’t been to one in ages, definitely going if I don’t have work."
"The federal government's relationship with tribal governments, its obligations under treaty and law, and our values as a nation require that we do more to improve public safety in tribal communities. And this Act will help us achieve that. It will strengthen the relationship between the federal government and tribal governments. It will improve our ability to work with tribal communities in the investigation and prosecution of crime, and it authorizes resources for tribes to fight crime more effectively. While many members helped pass this bill, I especially want to applaud Senators Dorgan, Barrasso and Kyl, and Representatives Herseth Sandlin, Kildee, Cole, Conyers, Scott, Rahall, Simpson and Pastor for their leadership on this issue. I look forward to signing the Act into law."
"They both wanted something very simple and close-by. Trouble was… nothing they suggested even remotely sounded good."
"Without Gwyna, Myrddin will not be able to work the most glorious transformation of all and turn the leader of a raggle-taggle war-band into King Arthur, the greatest hero of all time."
"Q:Please send a list of all doctors in Australia who can dispense rattlesnake serum. ( USA )"
"One letter that did arrive on Wednesday contained some stamps and a request for a particular back copy. On Thursday morning I received an email from the writer wondering what had happened to her magazine. At first I thought she was being a bit eager until I checked the postmark – it had been sent sixteen days earlier! It came from interstate (NSW) but I’m sure I could have walked that far in that time…"
"I love the feel of the lotion and the fact that there is no over powering scent. The scent is light. My husband even uses the cream and takes a travel size tube with him to work and when he goes away for business trips. The healing cream is more concentrated and works GREAT on my cracked and dried out knuckles, it really penetrates and helps aid in healing."
"International Quilt Study Center and Quilt Museum:"
"Carter was the first to photograph a public execution by ‘necklacing,’ forcing a rubber tire, filled with petrol, around a victim’s chest and arms, and setting it on fire. The victim may take up to 20 minutes to die, suffering severe burns in the process. The victim was Maki Skosana who had been accused of having a relationship with a police officer."
"When the promotional material for a forthcoming show promises that a group of women will reveal “the secrets that have previously been shared only at private events” then you’ve bloody well got my attention right there."
"God leads me beside the quiet waters He restores my soul. Hold onto Jesus"
"drwxrwxr-x 4 root root 96 Oct 11 13:14 VRTSvmpro"
"My husband was with me and couldn't understand why I wanted her. lol"
"Inevitably something will trigger an idea or a solution to a problem in the plot."
"Brian Hughes was born on June 27, 1985, and raised in South Armagh. He started out in his native Ireland riding as a Flat apprentice. Having graduated from the Racing Academy and Centre of Education in Kildare in 2002, he rode for trainer Kevin Prendergast who provided him with his first winner when Perugino Lady won an apprentice handicap at Downpatrick on October 9, 1992. After three seasons and 19 wins on the Flat, rising weight prompted a full-time switch to jump racing. He was connected to the James Lambe stable for the 2004/05 season but relocated to Britain and the County Durham yard of Howard Johnson for the 2005/06 campaign. His career flourished after becoming stable jockey at Alan Swinbank’s North Yorkshire yard, a move that saw him crowned champion conditional at the end of the 2007/08 season with 39 wins on the board, most of them for Swinbank and County Durham permit holder John Wade. He partnered"
"The teams were picked one-by-one by Helio, then JP, then Ethan. Each team had eleven or twelve players and the games were set to begin the next day; Tuesday, May 1st, taking place every Tuesday and Thursday until the end of May when the Championship game would be played. Unfortunately, Mother Nature decided to send rain causing every game thus far to be cancelled."
"Zondag 27 nov. 11.00 -17.00 uur"
"I scribbled in my journal a few words, incoherent; illegible. I listened to rattling cicadas, barking dogs, chirping birds, clapping leaves, and tried to discern the flapping of the butterfly’s wings as the marvelous, glorious swallowtail flitted by scarcely able to control its trajectory because of the breeze waltzing through my backyard. I sipped my tea, breathed the summer air, and slowly, deliberately, lovingly caressed the pages of the book with my eyes."
"And the slant spirits trooping by"
"My Professional Life: I love that 1) I get to do amazing things for people every day, 2) I love the research I get to do, 3) I have an amazing opportunity to move forward in my career path and I took the courage and applied for it!"
"4. My best friend and former college roommate Rebecca visited me for Easter! Whoop! This is her creepin' behind a bush at the top of a hike in Tent Rocks National Monument."
"And now the turtle-dove"
"Size: medium (weight 15kg, height 45cm)"
"In midday sun I sit"
"Every recipe I've made to date is pictured over on the left column. (Cobbler through blondies...which is everything...because I've also been too busy to post recipes that came after my blogoversary!)"
"appeared on so far ..."
"So the Walrus was in a huge dilemma now. He knew that he was good enough to take over from the Narwhal, and if anything it was easier for him having been through the whole process once. But what of the Polar Bear? Their blossoming romance was a well kept secret and he did not want to upset the balance. Now he knew what people felt like when they had to choose between love and work. He knew that the right thing was to take the job himself. But he couldn’t get himself to it. What would the foxes say about this? What of the owls, the hares, and the terns? As he flopped along thinking, he ran into some of them."
"Whole grain pita bread sandwich for lunch"
"The OGX-63 well, known as Fortaleza, is still in progress and located in the BM-S-57 block and is situated approximately 102 kilometers off the coast of the state of Rio de Janeiro at a water depth of approximately 155 meters. The Ocean Quest rig initiated drilling activities on October 08, 2011."
"For the past few months I have been feeling like “blah”. I am not sure how else to describe it. For 6 months, I have been in a constant state of worry and self-doubt. It’s been relentless. I tried to explain this to my friends and they all looked at me in bewilderment. One friend offered that it was just that I was transitioning to a new phase of my life and growing pains hurt, right?"
"Then I used some craft tacky glue -Aleene's Fast Grab tacky glue - to overlap the short ends of the napkin ring 1/4\". Held them in place with small clamps until dry. Another option is a glue product called Leather Weld, love it, I was out and so was Tandy's. However, the Aleene's did a fabulous job!"
"I examined the issue of what the officers, in fact, did in police custody regarding criminal suspects who are mentally ill. The findings from my research have influenced my thinking on this subject. I want to share that with you."
"I love street food. It’s fresh, quick, no-fuss food which costs a tenth of the stuff you find in restaurants. And there’s never this ‘queue for a table’ malarkey, because quite simply, there are no tables. Whether you’re pulling up to a roadside stall in North Thailand for a dried-fish snack, swigging oysters at Borough Market, or being hankered at from left, right and centre by traders in Marrakech offering ‘the best tagine in town’, there’s always enough street for everyone to enjoy their food. So when I arrived as a student in Cardiff three years ago, I was blown away by its thriving street-food scene: the stuff, it appears, making Wales the best home nation when it comes to ethical and sustainable eating."
"Yes, I am still obsessed. This woman is gorgeous! At first when the media was all over what she was wearing daily I though it was crazy! There was a huge commotion about her re-wearing a dress. I was glad she did! She also does not have a stylist- she is just that awesome."
"Tiffany Blue & Brown Paisley."
"“So what has been tried since then?”"
"Go to Custom Destinations (under the Tools tab) and create a new Custom Destination: custom-voicemail-retrieve,s,1 — then Submit Changes."
"Every ounce of her petite"
"After the epidural a nurse sat next to my bed the rest of the evening watching the baby's heartrate...the contractions were a little much for that darling....but she hung in there....I think she knew how important that VBAC was to me! After getting a little rest I told the Doctor that I was starting to feel pressure....I need to go to the bathroom. She giggled and checked me...10 cm. It was nearly morning and it was time."
"3/4 cup whole milk"
"umbrella in my hand. Lying by the pool. :o)"
"Let no one bewail his poverty, for the universal Kingdom has been revealed. Let no one weep for his iniquities, for pardon has shown forth from the grave. Let no one fear death, for the Saviour’s death has set us free. He that was held prisoner of it has annihilated it."
"I could seriously post every piece of furniture from their website, but I have narrowed it down to a few...."
"I'm thankful that my four year told me he loves me so much he has hearts coming out of his head."
"\"Do you have the tickets?\" Josh asked me."
"We kicked off our series last night at Pipeline. Four more weeks travelling through the book of Song of Solomon (SOS). What a book. In a culture steeped with sex whenever it’s available, sexual innuendos, pornography, rape, lust, child molestation, men cheating on their wives and wives cheating on the their husbands, Christian singles living together with no conviction (can you be a Christ-follower without conviction…Holy Spirit?), is there a place to turn to get a different perspective. Yes. An entire book of the Bible devoted to not just sex, but sex that is a part of a more important element, love and intimacy and commitment. There are so many teenage girls and twenty-something ladies giving away sex because they are afraid of losing a guy. Afraid that they will be alone. Afraid that time is running out and by mid-twenties, you better do what you need to do to make sure you don’t end up without a guy. On the flip side, here comes a guy so empty, so shallow, so driven and controlled by physical impulses that he has no desire to emotionally and spiritually enter the woman. Translation: The objectification of women. Result: Relationships start on the wrong foundation and from there get into bed with brokenness, anger, pain, sex without love, and baggage for the next person to come along. 1st time marriages end approx 50% of the time. 2nd time marriages end 67% of the time, 3rd marriages 74% of the time (these stats vary based on resource). It’s like we are drinking poison over and over and over and God comes and offers a wonderful, beautiful way to do all this and we reject because at least all the pain comes with the freedom to be rebellious and do things the way we want to do it."
"13. I’ll Do Anything For Love…Dam straight!"
"LOVE FINDS YOU ON CHRISTMAS DAY is a charming addition to the Love Finds You line – I’ve read all the books I could get my hands on so far in this collection and am keeping tabs on what is coming out so I don’t miss a story (I hope). I love Christmas stories and Trish Perry’s books so I was especially looking forward to this novella collection."
"Life back home so far is strange, surreal, bizarre. It's like someone walked into my home and moved everything twelve inches to the left. When I come back in, I recognize it all, I can find it all, yet somehow something's off and I'm standing unsure in the middle of the room thinking \"OK...who's f*ckin' with me?\""
"Emerson: Just practicing my chewing. *om nom nom nom*"
"E. Stanley Jones makes the point that Christians are people of the long view. By long view, he means that we plan not only how to live today, but tomorrow and for eternity. Our big enemy in long-view planning is fear. Fear immobilizes but it shouldn’t immobilize people who believe in their deepest hearts that Jesus reigns over all the earth."
"Now, Tommy is also heading up my blog site, putting the soul of Safe Harbor right in front of visitors."
"There were spectators along the entire route. There was always people cheering you on, which really helped push me along. Especially the last 10K. The hills never stopped. We would get a nice downhill to recover, just to go up another massive hill."
"’But we have to get off here,’ said Kaoru, sadly. ‘This is where you get off to go to Heaven.’"
"3)I will lower my hemline.But wont cut my hair.Sorry.Nor will I wear beige clothing constantly......"
"So the weekend arrived, and with it my little Tommy's Birthday tea. He turned eight at the end of March. Where did those years go? He really was a beautiful little baby. Having had Joe first, I thought all boy babies were going to be a bit bald and Winston Churchill esque! (Joe was a very unfortunate looking baby!)"
"Kathleen picked up the TV remote slowly, feeling the bones in her hands creak as she turned up the volume on the game-show network. A single father was looking to win a million dollars, and Kathleen was rooting for him."
"And once Alicia leaves that doorstep and Kalinda opens that door, the delicious table-setting can launch into the main course."
"demarcation among"
"Will IT come back?"
"Russell"
"\"Didn't anyone complain?\" the farmer said."
"I John 4:19 says that we love because he first loved us, not the other way around. We can’t earn God’s love. We already had it before we even existed. God knew us before we were born."
"If you’d like to help out on the war effort, feel to do any/all/some of the following:"
"I then thought I could tape the pieces of my JP Ryan strapless stays pattern together along the seam lines to get a complete shape for stays, and then divide the finished shape into two, to get a front and back. But the problem there was that the only size I have in the JP Ryan pattern is a size 10 and I have. . .ahem. . .grown some since when I first got this pattern. And the neckline shapes weren't right and I didn't know if the pattern would fit lengthwise anyway, even though I could alter the width if I had to."
"A. The midwife's work is limited to the home, because (except in a few cases) midwives in private practice are unable to be recognised as a woman's midwife once admitted to hospital."
"The crazy thing is that I never shared my passions, not even with my best friends. I think they may have guessed how obsessed I was with Star Wars and old movies. They had no understanding of my desire to be on stage. And I never once told them the name of the boy I had a crush on. At the time, I think I thought it was self-protection. That if my dreams didn't come true, at least no one knew about them, so I didn't have to be ashamed."
"How do you feel about cheating in YA novels? Any books you can think of that have dealt with the subject well?"
"Lutein and other carotenoids are considered important because of their antioxidant properties. Antioxidants help to protect cells from damage caused by free radicals, the destructive fragments of oxygen produced as a byproduct during normal metabolic processes. As free radicals travel through the body, they cause damage to cells and genes by stealing electrons from other molecules—a process referred to as oxidation."
"In exchange for Harman’s help, the sources said, the suspected Israeli agent pledged to help lobby Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., then-House minority leader, to appoint Harman chair of the Intelligence Committee after the 2006 elections, which the Democrats were heavily favored to win."
"(And you lefties... you have some of your own!)"
"However, going forward, some of the features may be a bit more focused on contemporary YA (and romance, etc) than they have been in the past. That doesn't mean you have to be a contemp YA writer (or a romance writer, etc) to continue following this blog. I believe most of the craft advice and inspirational posts I offer here can be applied to almost any writer's journey."
"The Wolfman won best makeup. Just as Cate Blanchett said about her dress \"it's gross!\""
"Also, another edge is in customization of guns and emblems. In Black Ops, you can create you own custom emblem from scratch and even put it on all of your guns. There is a lot more variety in colors and designs on your guns. Giving the player customization to make what they want, makes any game better."
"4. Grab a paper sack (like from Fred Meyer) and set it aside. Remove all of the plantains once they’re golden back into that empty bowl they were previously in. Here goes the actualtostonprocess. Place the hottostonbetween the folder sack and press it (smash it). Immediatley place it in the garlicky water. About three will fit at a time in the garlickly water."
"There have been myriads sociological studies published hypothesizing about how women likely evolved behaviors to seek out the most viable mate for their potential offspring; how men seek the most fertile and healthy women to carry on their genes. Women manifest these traits in terms of seeking men possessing wealth and power. Therefore powerful men like Donald Trump and Bill Clinton continue to attract younger women in spite of their age."
"the same goes for 'never tease a weasle'"
"He didn’t know how long he had been – wherever – but he did know two things: he was not hungry, and he was not afraid. Neither entered his thoughts."
"*I’d rather not explain how, when and why."
"Sign over a gynaecologist's office."
"Was Rawlings successful? The fact that the Constitution actually prevented Rawlings from running again might be a measure of that success. Ghana is still poor. It is staggering, like many developing countries, under a lot of debt."
"That's right folks, The Scrappy Housewife is now accepting reader submissions (no blog required) and guest posters!"
"MPs can also help their constituents with problems such as bizarre tax bills that the HMRC won’t admit are wrong, or problems with hospitals or immigration. They can do this by making private enquiries or by raising the problem publicly in the House of Commons."
"Hummingbird Hummmm (Lunge forward, step back)"
"Great for a beginner or just to try something a little different."
"40. In Canada, the most productive day of the working week is Tuesday."
"Finish off, weave end and pull tight."
"\"Well that's not gonna be hard!\""
"What am I saying? Well, that Spike and Tyler are truly different filmmakers that make work that are equally as important in telling our story. Their work is a direct reflection of their backgrounds. Spike is a child of a Jazz music instructor and a teacher. He is a legacy Morehouse man, and not to mention he’s a New Yorker. While, Tyler Perry openly expresses his personal battles and experiences with molestation, homelessness and the gun-toting, Bible thumping, weed smoking, “Christian” relatives he put in a blender to come up with Madea."
"Yes, it was certainly a nightmare. Writing this down is supposed to release it but somehow I am suddenly brought back to an unhappy moment. Perhaps I should not have written it. Anyway, it is passed."
"An American investment banker was at the pier of a small coastal Mexican village when a small boat with just one fisherman docked. Inside the small boat were several large yellow fin tuna. The American complimented the Mexican on the quality of his fish and asked how long it took to catch them."
"Don’t be afraid to share that idea. I can imagine a world where I shared my thoughts without fear of ridicule. I think I could get a lot done. However, does everyone want to hear what I have to say?"
"Awards Offers"
"Inspired, we were. Alone, we were not. As soon as we came back to Richmond and told other RichmondWCR members and other chefs, we now have a collective force behind our steps to improve school nutrition programs in Metro Richmond schools. We are eager to start, but schools are on summer vacation right now."
"Previously on my wishlist:"
"So lately I haven't tried to \"market or sell\" my art really, because I haven't felt able to define it. This has been kind of scary and weird for me ...but at the same time I know it is necessary to take this break."
"The shake had plenty of brownie chunks both in the shake itself and piled high atop the whipped cream."
"‘I spoke to the two lads from the room next door. No, I spoke to the one lad. His husband’s sleeping as well. We had a good chat in the canteen and he’s very positive. Said they’d only been married for a month when they had the accident. Isn’t that sad? One month. Barely enough time to get sick of each other.’ I chuckled on your behalf. ‘I told him it’ll be our ten years next week and I swear I thought he was gonna start crying. Soft sod, I told him, I said, don’t be soft, she’ll be awake by then and if she’s not we’ll celebrate when she wakes up.’ I reached over and grabbed your slender hand and gave it a light squeeze. ‘He smiled at that and said he couldn’t wait till him and his hubby were having their ten years.’ I chuckled again. ‘Growing up I’d have never thought I would be sat in a hospital canteen chatting to a man who was married to another man. What a world we live in. And you still hear people on the news saying it’s not right and I say, whatever, if people love each other what business is it of anyone else’s? I told him a joke that Charles had told me the other day. He said he didn’t know why people make such a big deal about same-sex marriages, after all when you’re married it ends up being all the same sex,’ I smiled. ‘Well the lad from next door had a good laugh at that.’"
"When’s the last time you walked into the Doctor’s office and asked for a Lymphatic check-up or asked for a Lymph support formula at your local supplement retailer?? I’m gonna go out on a limb and say, probably not very recently…what I really mean is, for 99% of people the answer is NEVER!! The problem is, how can anyone really be expected to show concerned for, or lose sleep over something they know almost nothing about!? I’ll be the first to admit, only as of recently have I truly been able to grasp the importance of this intricate system…The Lymphatic System is something you learn about briefly during the Circulatory and/or Immune System chapter’s in Anatomy and Physiology 101, and unless you’re a Pre-Med student that’s the last you really hear of it. Even then I believe it’s importance is grossly ignored among Medical Professionals as a whole…why?? I’m going to let you in on a little secret…if Doctors truly “cured” their patients, they’d be out of a job before they could say, “scamming ain’t easy.” Oh, and another thing, if we properly implemented nutrition and exercise programs to prevent health issues…we’d no long need massive amounts of medications from one of the most highly influential “groups” looming over our Country’s government…Pharmaceutical Companies (aka, Big Pharm…follow the money trail people)! Okay, okay, I digress…my intention for this series on the Lymphatic System has absolutely nothing to do with neither myself nor a political soapbox!"
"His howls reverberate across the land."
"D: The Amendments to the United States Constitution (1791-1992). . . . .pg. 243"
"Forefinger - converse, because those are what i wear to school!"
"Attach button to tab and sew to opposite side of hat."
"The Universal Psychiquazim Worship on Earth Day: Earth on Earth is Earth to Earth"
"My next thought was “I’m sure glad I didn’t trim off the brown leaves and ugly long stems.”"
"23. A Q&A with Tom Arnold"
"The settlement agreement is in response to a jury verdict last month that found that Officer Adam Bailey used excessive force when he arrested Deshun M. Carter in 2009. The award included $35,300 in punitive damages."
"(now Ace responds) The left, to a man, considers itself to be educated and enlightened. It matters not how little actual schooling a particular leftist may have had, nor how unintelligent the person might be. They all consider themselves intellectuals of sorts. If they dropped out of college after one semester, they just think of themselves as autodidacts whose genius could not be stimulated by the ossified and bourgeois teaching of the academy. If they’re just plain stupid or crazy -- like, say, Charlie Sheen -- they indulge in farcical conspiracy-theorizing, reassuring themselves that they are intellectual because they know things others do not. They are one of the chosen few brave enough to see past the web of lies and glimpse the arcane truth behind, say, the implosion of the World Trade Center (a SEAL team planted those charges, you know?)."
"Every time I think of you"
"The School Superintendent was paid $163,246 in 2004 - only $1,500 less than the head of the Mass State Department of Education. He gave us one of the three worst school districts in Massachusetts. A district that gets more state aid than any other department in the state and still fails."
"Fine leather, silk and a little twist of transparency marked by oriental embellishments characterise the designs and meanwhile leave a somehow undefinable warm but edgy spirit to the collection. Unexpected silhouttes mingling with elegant tones and coaxing clear cuts - the variety in IFA's designs are clearly representing what the designers seek to create: A fashion response to Istanbul's diversity and its beauty of tradition, youth and foreign influences."
"see. i told you that she is amazeballs. hard not to be with that loot."
"intertwined artistic expressions"
"4) I truly believe that I once saw a ghost in our home in Dallas, Texas, after I had gone to bed one night. She was non-threatening and produced feelings of awe rather than fear. However, I never slept on that side of the bed again."
"\"In the early 1970s John Chappell of the Australian National University in Canberra was the first to make the link between glacial advances and retreats and the rate of global volcanism. We now know that the warming that heralded the start of the current interglacial period around 10,000 years ago brought forth a burst of volcanic activity in Iceland, as melting ice caps reduced pressures on the magma chambers below. Allen Glazner of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill identified a similar pattern in eastern California over the past 800,000 years. Increased levels of volcanic activity are also recorded at mid-latitude ice-covered volcanoes in the Cascades Range of the US and in the Andes.\""
"Envy."
"when life was so beautiful and people lived in harmony"
"- #FY12 growth rates – North America – 13.3%, Europe – 17.6%, Rest of the World – 26.5%, India – 17.5% #InfosysQ4"
"no cooking required either so this is so easy if you have a food processer on hand."
"Limbaugh publicly apologized, so did Heaton, who offered her regrets Saturday before making her account inaccessible."
"Whitewater Rafting"
"around the edges"
"It is only ONE week until Mother's Day. Starting on May 2nd, we will be featuring FOUR FLAVORS. .50 cents of EVERY cupcake we sell will go directly to Susan G. Komen Denver Chapter!!!"
"Let me preface this by saying that I was looking forward to the series premiere of HBO’s “Girls” for a number of reasons. First, I am obsessed with HBO. Pretty much everything they air immediately hooks me and I’ll spend a weekend wearing sweatpants and eating Cheez-Its while my friends wonder if I am dead. Second, it offered the promise of something different. I likely wouldn’t be embarrassed to admit I watch it on a regular basis, a la “True Blood.” It’s only a half hour, so I wouldn’t have to carve out homework time (ha, who am I kidding?) to watch it like “Boardwalk Empire” and “Treme” demand. Last, not only did the show look like, well, my life (minus the whole living in Brooklyn thing and totally, completely plus the constantly making terrible decisions part) but it looked believable. I am not going to chime into the current bullshit that the main girl “looks real.” Fuck that, they’re all real girls. But I digress."
"Now Amy must race to unlock Godspeed’s hidden secrets. But out of her list of murder suspects, there’s only one who matters: Elder, the future leader of the ship and the love she could never have seen coming."
"2. Tupac is dead."
"Now, I rarely read music magazines, getting most of my news and reviews online, and in The News & Observer. And I never became a music critic. So it goes."
"All prayers 2 sisters/brothers who died 4 u"
"Everything has been super busy, darons mother was here (I think she made hell freeze over and that why it’s so damnn cold here) - I almost didn’t make it she was here forever... in laws should come with carfax!"
"I’ll squeeze that sponge"
"With the final book now available, I look back at our efforts over the past several years with unabashed pride. Make no mistake: Star Trek: Vanguard was Marco and Dave’s playground; their little slice of the Star Trek universe, in which they hoped to provide added context and new appreciation for the era of the original Star Trek television series. They didn’t have to invite us over to play, but they did, much to our delight. While I’d like to think we brought a few things to the table and held up our end when it counted, the series as a whole reflects the ideas and vision developed by Marco and Dave way back in 2004. I’m pretty sure I speak for Kevin when I say we’re honored to have been part of the fun."
"Addressing this last point first, many believe that a craft beer cannot be adequately judged short of a full serving, or without an adequate volume to consume. Some beers change their nature through the course of a full glass, and some mature for both good and ill as they warm. An otherwise tasty sip may turn cloying with a full serving, or an off-putting sourness may turn pleasant after just a few ounces. Many flavor elements may not be immediately apparent or detectable with only a brief sample."
"Now, to complete the dreamslack production as best I can so that you get O more fuller sense of what I'm talkin' about, there was a cool soundtrack running during the dream. Not loud and blaring, but if you listened you could definitely hear it, and yet Rick and I could still talk and hear each other without yelling."
"But she's right: through no fault of her own, she failed really to challenge, and in spite of her best efforts, the subject of literature, its political responsibility and its power in the face of terrorism trickled away. Meanwhile, today a Turkish publisher goes on trial for publishing a book 'insulting Turkishness'..."
"Needless to say, I didn't go for the food. About 3:00 today I started craving one of their Strawberry Frutistas and I made a commitment in my heart to move heaven and earth to get one. Only in Alabama does it make more sense to get a frozen drink in the middle of December rather than hot chocolate. It was a sweet 61 degrees as I sat in the drive thru with the window down at 5:30."
"Youngman: Doctor, my arm hurts when I hold it up like this."
"Thanks for being here and reading :)"
"When you came back from Paris, you started Blue Meanies. But there was only one release, a single 'Pop Sensibility'. How come it was also brief?"
"There has also been news of HDB flats reaching the $900,000 mark, and even heartland homes aren’t the low-cost bulwarks they used to be. Until some control is placed on COV, and further cooling measures kick in, housing’s going to keep raising our cost of living."
"Speaking shortly after the State Opening of Parliament, Mr Llwyd said:"
"Like cattle, they would struggle with the tank and the \"commanders\", wielding sticks, would be around whipping prisoners like slaves whenever they felt like it or when the pace was too slow."
"So, how many people today are aware that Mussolini, that great Fascist ogre, was in his youth an incandescent revolutionary socialist, a labor-union agitator who was jailed for his pains (Hibbert, 1962)? He was as radical as any student radical of today. Even in his childhood, he was expelled from two schools for his rebellious behaviour."
"My hat is off to all those working moms who take a break every 3 hours, hook themselves up, and spend 15 minutes being milked by a machine! It's so much harder than you'd think and is absolutely something to be commended! I applaud you!"
"One good thing is that I was at my summer cabin the whole time, so a barely showered all weekend (because we are on an island surrounded by the lake). There really is no reason to shower every day while your out there, and we don’t actually have a shower on the island, so in order to shower you have to go to the mainland. So, in reality, the water that I saved not showering probably far surpassed any damage I did not having my bottle."
"And that is where we pick up in the season premier. Michael meets Vaughn, a shadowy man who works for management. He informs Michael that the boss is recovering and that Simon is locked away. The location is undisclosed, safe to say that it is some kind of secret holding facility. Vaughn leaves him with some light reading (an agency file). Back in his cell Michael tries to decipher the purpose of the documents. He manages to puzzle out that someone is running a war for profit."
"What matters is that I’m happy. What matters is that I’m working toward making peace with my body. What matters is that I feel healthy and alive. Those are things I want to be more important to me than my size and my weight."
"G. Oliver Koppell"
"I was walking down the sidewalk which narrowed down to a little tree enclosed walkway and came up to a girl that was walking the opposite direction when I received a text with said tweet/catcall blaring out of my pocket. She looked over moderately creeped out as I realized that she thought I was catcalling her from like 3 feet away. Embarrassed, I stuttered in trying to explain:"
"Among the banners read ‘MACC Murderer?’ and ‘Justice For Beng Hock’."
"make sense to you? Am I helping you discover what intimacy is really about? Let’s go"
"Last month I wrote about a new restaurant called Sushi Hiroba and some of the Korean dishes they offered. Since then I have gone back to eat their amazing bi-bim-bap again, as well as some of their different sushi rolls from the Japanese side of their menu. As someone who was only introduced to sushi a few years ago, I can be confident in telling you that I am no expert in sushi. However, all of the rolls that I have ordered at Sushi Hiroba have been very delicious and satisfying."
"Onto other news. Yesterday my school's Doctor of Physical Therapy program had the White Coat Ceremony where the newbies, like me, get our super sweet white coats. The ceremony is supposed to symbolize our transition into the physical therapy profession now and not just when we graduate. So I have a cool new white coat!"
"I'd had my hair done especially at the salon by Lou, lots of blonde hair, curls and waves and all the curls at the back pinned up. Definitely not a look I've tried before but absolutely fabulous."
"Here's part 2 of an entry here on scene structure with a link to the previous part."
"The Works – Italian sauage, pepperoni, fresh mushrooms, red peppers and onions (regularly $10.95)"
"their dad's worked the cattle"
"What is clear from my own study, however, is the presence of darker more sinister organizations either involved with or having shown support for OWS/OP. A fact that should certainly lead proper authorities within the archdiocese to give pause and discern carefully before allowing further promotion of the group to nearly 400,000 Oregon Catholics via its official newspaper."
"Turn the dough onto lightly floured counter top, knead gently. Then divide the dough in 2 portions. Take 1 portion of dough (covering the other with clean towel to prevent drying). Follow this direction for general imprinting and drying the cookies."
"Sheri's Bio by Sheri:"
"2. Merit and Mallory begin some major training in these next few chapters, resulting in cool Katana Sword facts and Ninja moves. What is the most physically challenging or adrenaline fueled event/activity you have participated in?"
"Prepare cookie mix and spread into the bottom of a greased 9x13 pan."
"We've had Rose on the back porch all winter, so we've become quite well acquainted ♥ She was friendly before, always riding on my arm, shoulders & head. This winter though, I've been her constant company when I'm outside."
"I live alone , and sometimes I revel in being a slob......."
"I'm ready to rock and roll, but she's done, maybe for the night. Way to much wine. And it's probably more those damn Diet Coke's that she drinks. I keep telling her that that stuff is junk (even the diet version) and you should drink water. But whatever. I'm wide awake and ready to keep beering, and she's out like a light. Anyway, we had a great time drinking beer and wine in the Hill Country. I'll probably save the bulk of the information about this trip for The Session later on next month."
"From us, and we would never"
"So when we are discouraged what does God teach us to do? God shows us here that action is the best thing to break discouragement. Often we try to get discouraged people to rationalize why they are discouraged. We try to deal with an emotional problem by academic means; but that doesn’t always work. The best way to get the attention of those struggling with discouragement is to put them to work. Put their hands, feet, their total body into service for God. God gave the discouraged Elijah a task; but not just any task and not just one task."
"Lars von Trier, Dogville"
"You know I'm awfully spoiled. It's just not gonna be the same when I get home and have to go the indoor Golf-O-Max and hit balls up against a video canvas."
"\"declaration of war against all working and upstanding people\"."
"a psychedelic experience"
"NICHOL KL, LIND A, MARGOLIS KL, et al. The effectiveness of vaccination against influenza in healthy, working adults. N Engl J Med 1995; 333: 889-893."
"THE dress: It is beautiful and simple. It is elegant and flattering. It flows and is perfectly my style. It has a beautiful back, a plunging neckline and falls to the floor. I will be myself on my wedding day(s). I will feel free, and I know I will be able to dance. I am excited."
"My ex is known for having a vicious temper and I seriously believe he has anger management issues far beyond just an irritable obsessive compulsive state of mind he always exhibited with me, making us drive back over routes for years to make sure he never hit anybody. With me in the car. Yes. Me in the car. Or other members of our respective families. It was frustrating but I tried to understand, be kind and patient. I even bought books and workbooks about it. I read them. He never did."
"It's been a long day and since my mom is the only person who actually reads my blog, I'm going to keep it brief."
"Writing is a peculiar balancing act between freedom and discipline. Writers are free to spend their days doing whatever they like; but if they don't write, then they are not writers. They are on their own and so vulnerable to every distraction, whether that's drink or the Antiques Roadshow. Jonathan Franzen has said that \"it is doubtful that anyone with an internet connection in his workplace is writing good fiction\". Family is, of course, the most potent distraction, and probably the only distraction that makes you feel virtuous when you surrender to it."
"What should have been the handshake heard ’round the world I felt like went largely unnoticed."
"KAISER STADIUM"
"George Galloway, Islam and Britain’s Future"
"“Lord Jesus Christ, through your victory over sin and death you have overcome all the powers of darkness. Help me to draw near to you and to trust in your life-giving word. Fill me with your Holy Spirit and strengthen my faith in your promises and my hope in the power of your resurrection.”"
"Few states have offered the class warriors of Occupy Wall Street more enthusiastic support than California has. Before they overstayed their welcome and police began dispersing their camps, the Occupiers won official endorsements from city councils and mayors in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Oakland, Richmond, Irvine, Santa Rosa, and Santa Ana. Such is the extent to which modern-day “progressives” control the state’s politics."
"Coworker 1: Wait, they pay YOU to keep their key?! How much do they pay you?!"
"to raise"
"Focus: Praying for the will of God to be done on earth and in heaven"
"KV: How did you get into agenting?"
"But back to the story. It’s a slow romance, and while Posey is cute, she isn’t a hottie. And Liam doesn’t immediately see her as some beauty. This is a good thing! Instead, he likes her the way she is but the attraction isn’t instant. And nobody ever pretends that it is. Liam falls in love with Posey as a person rather than through lust first. What I loved so much was that the characters were different…not really quirky-different just very real."
"Scant information has previously been made available about Apple’s licensing deals with Nokia or IBM."
"But someday I’m gonna make it"
"Frosted Designs has a wonderful new challenge up this week to use fussy cutting on your project. I had the privileged to create a fun project that used fussy cutting. I had this cardboard tube that I got in the mail with some free samples and I was using to hold my pencils, pens, scissors on my craft table. So my tip to you is think how to reuse the items you get int he mail as fun little holders or containers that you can alter!! Then I thought why not spruce it up a bit and make it look nice, not everything I do needs to be a layout or a card!!"
"2 tsp bourbon"
"Thea is officially a spinster. After a few seasons attempting to garner attention with youth and ribbons and no dowery to speak of Thea left the ballrooms of the country and settled into life as a Vicar’s sister. She spends her days writing her brother’s sermons and keeping her nose in a book. Many a fine hour is spent in quiet study of the latest tomes."
"1. Mighty Triumphant Return"
"Jacuzzi Hot Tubs Spain – Latest Technology"
"So you just keep asking, what everybody’s asking"
"Biggest mistake is the failure to communicate – you may not have all the information, but hold a session to explain what you know and don’t know, or even have a “non-information” meeting and allow the discussion to happen, don’t stop team meetings as it allows the rumour mill to fill the void."
"The sci-fi zombie has a series of characteristics that set it apart from its fanciful cousin. In order to critique the trope, it only makes sense that I lay out what I see as being included in that trope."
"-Paper-"
"It’s the most wonderful time of the year! Here at Hooray for Books, our holiday section has exploded into a vibrant display of red and green and silver and gold. It’s a great spot to stop awhile and browse! But if you’re in a rush, one of our friendly booksellers is more than happy to show you their “go-to” books for the season. And I, dear readers, am no different. There are certain books that I just love to hand sell during the holidays. Here are a few of my top picks!"
"I finally got a chance to catch my breathe for a second,"
"He’s built this whole series of stories apparently without the benefit of a 7th grade class on story structure. That’s impressive. His instincts are so strong that these stories, though the plot and expression are absurd, actually work. He actually has characters in this series. ”Even Pimp Luscious has a heart.”"
"Before a land is opened up to Islam the inhabitants must be invited to Islam. Without this call the fight is not allowed. This call may take a variety of forms: direct invitation, conferences, via the media and so on and so forth. The Prophet (Sallallahu Alaihi Wasallam) for example sent letters to the leaders, like the following letter sent to Heraclius of Rome:"
"What about the next governor? If Spitzer leaves, he'd be replaced by Lieutenant Governor David Paterson. Here's a New York Observer profile of Paterson, which described him as having \"a complicated relationship with the truth.\" Then again, it's as unlikely he's as driven by ego as Spitzer, which suggests he's more amenable to compromise."
"When Collins took the job they talked about his spotless track record when it comes to turning teams around in his first season and they were not kidding. Collins has taken a team that had little identity on either side of the ball and turned them into a team that plays staunch defense on one end while running the ball beautifully in transition while also developing a solid half court strategy as well."
"87. Richard Snow & The In Laws-Am I Really That Boring? (Valley)"
"One of my personal desires for 2010 is to become more practiced and skillful at photography. The technical points as well as the processing afterward. It will be a HUGE learning process for me!"
"The sides -"
"Then, I clicked back over to my e-mail (in tears of joy, mind you) and saw this subject “Adopted Teen Troubles”. It was from “Parenting Today’s Teens” with Mark Gregston http://www.heartlightministries.org/blogs/markgregston/ . It is a daily e-mail I have been getting for months now. Now, you might think this subject line would scare me off, but instead, it THRILLED me that GOD would send this e-mail the very day that we agreed to adopt a teen boy from China."
"Ink: Blush Blossom, So Saffron, Pear Pizzazz, Groovy Guava, Tangerine Tango, Cherry Cobler, black"
"11. Music From The Spheres (White, Argent) 8:59"
"“Numerous divorces can be traced directly to the day when the wife left the home and went out into the world into employment. Two incomes raise the standard of living beyond its norm. Two spouses working prevent the complete and proper home life, break into the family prayers, create an independence which is not cooperative, causes distortion, limits the family, and frustrates the children already born” (Spencer W. Kimball, San Antonio Fireside, Dec. 3, 1977, pp. 9-10 )."
"It is open until Saturday ~"
"Although if you show up with three of them,"
"Second, my writing time is very connected to my prayer time. I have been cheating myself of my time with God. It is during this time that I speak to Him and He speaks to me. My relationship is beyond “hello” or a “to do list” I give for Him to accomplish. It is my time to be in His presence and listen. I find when I am quiet and listen, He speaks. And He speaks very clearly."
"Finally there was the clumsy attempt at rehabilitation and restoral to the Church's bosom of a bunch of unrepentant Jew haters and Holocaust deniers, and Benedict's absolute refusal to discipline or censure openly anti-Semitic Church figures like Poland's Cardinal Joseph Glemp or Cardinal Oscar Andres Rodriguez Meridiaga, the Archbishop of Honduras who, among other things blames \"the Jews\"for the Church's scandals involving priests and sexual abuse of young parishoners and calls for Jerusalem to be taken away from Israel as its capitol."
"However, there are some amongst them and among the legion of our treacherous white enemies who are working to advance a cause far more malign and infinitely more deadly than anything which has threatened Europe in almost four hundred years."
"Now a study suggests that prenatal, but not childhood, exposure to BPA is connected to anxiety, depression and difficulty controlling behaviors in three-year-olds, especially girls."
"Throughout my limited time with this pen, I experienced nothing but clean, even lines. The distribution of ink on the paper was perfect. I never experienced skipping, white spots, scratchiness, or any remotely undesirable performance. The nib was flawless, and the fine point was exactly what I'd expect out of a Western fine point."
"After several years of thinking about tattoos, I finally made two decisions: Since words reflect who I am far more than images ever have, I wanted a literary tattoo—and I would get it done before my next birthday."
"With the current renaissance of the area, I have a good feeling that"
"I've read many books and blog posts worth remembering. Each with a different idea or phrase that made them memorable. So even if those writers haven't been published or been recognized for their uniqueness, they will be remembered by those who read their work and maybe their words will make a difference to their readers at the time or in the future. Their efforts will have an impact."
"So, how about YOU? What helps you battle the self-doubt bug? What inspires you to keep going?"
"Here are the questions!"
"It’s been about 150 years since we last had an Asian children’s hero (that’ll be Mowgli). Seriously, isn’t it about time we had another?"
"I have a list of 27 accomplishments I am working on as requested from AJAPOPFILMS.com, so that should be up sooner than later. Hoping it doesn’t rain tonight."
"He contracted pneumonia there and was returned home, to New York, to die. The State of New York's Department of Health records his death on April 2, 1924. Nathan was 40 years old."
"different time zones, in day and at night. It will happen for millions"
"Grrrrr."
"Yes….Levi has released his “Spermapalozza” on his 20-year-old girlfriend Sunny Oglesby, a teacher who is living with Levi in, you guessed it folks, Wasilla, Alaska. How convenient. Wasilla, Alaska the home of Sarah, Todd and Bristol Palin. Can you think of another place better suited for another rising star to be christened."
"My Dora the Explorer cakes usually just include Dora, Boots and Swiper as the cake toppers. But Priela’s mom wanted me to include Iza on the cake. So not only did I add Iza, I also added the Fiesta Trio in between the candles. I also added Map and Backpack."
"“Set in a fictional universe in which alchemy is one of the most advanced scientific techniques known to man, the story follows the brothers Edward and Alphonse Elric, who want to restore their bodies after a disastrous failed attempt to bring their mother back to life through alchemy. They are striving to find the legendary Philosopher’s Stone so that they may recover parts of their bodies that they lost in an attempt to bring their mother back to life. Therefore, Edward joins the state military and discovers that several members of the military are also attempting to get the stone and using it to destroy humanity and control the world. Many dark secrets are revealed which are of a matter to concern to both brothers and the nation.” – Baka Updates"
"If anyone is out there, I would love to hear what your top 10 movies are in your Netflix queue. A lot of people do this with music on their blogs, and I find it a great way to discover new and exciting songs, so I'm trying it with movies."
"with the life they've built."
"How many of us have had khaman or dhoklas from the local marwadi snack shop or a high end snack bar…almost all of us…it is light, yummy and fills the stomach is’nt it?? Well this delightful snack has its origins in Gujarat and it is called “Khaman”…it is also called as “Dhoklas” in many other places..in the shops they are made of besan or gram flour…here i have made them in the traditional gujarati home style..i.e made of channa dal…"
"Explaining his theory, Rev. Robertson said, \"Because of the bad road conditions the Almighty has made, any gay activities that people were planning on doing will have to be postponed by a day or two.\""
"The batter is thick, and the pancakes will puff up pretty high. I carefully watched the griddle, so that it was about medium hot, and let these cook until I see bubbles forming. The batter is thick, so it took a good 2 minutes, before flipping them."
"Admission/Timer Runner"
"This is just the beginning of the use of iCloud. iTunes on the Cloud is currently beta, and we can hope to see the magic in action sometime this fall (maybe September). And mind you, all this iCloud service comes to you at no cost. Yes, it's completely free. This might make Google unhappy, as we wait to hear about their pricing for their cloud-based-service - Google Music."
"Jay Austin HOU T 20"
"Good Neighbors C N.UM $6.00"
"A 60 quarter mash tun isn't huge. That's enough for around 250 barrels of standard-strength (for the day) beer. The big London brewers had larger tuns than that. The weekly capacity of 4,000 plus 2,500 quarters is the equivalent of about 25,000 barrels per week. Or 750,000 barrels annually."
"Nell"
"I am not saying all contests are the same and therefore not valuable but am merely talking about the recent frenzy where the prizes have no bearing or relevance to the company, or product, and the contest itself does nothing to build customer engagement with the brand. Most importantly when you throw the kitchen sink by emailing people randomly, it becomes akin to a marketing bribe where in order to receive a LIKE; rather than trying to target a relevant audience and do it on the merits of your brand or product story."
"IT WAS NEVER ENDING..........."
"Seth rubbed his hands together against the cold wind. His knuckles were chapped, and small cracks were beginning to open up. His skin itched horribly, but he couldn't afford the gloves or even moisturizer to solve the problem. He blew on his numb fingers and wiped his running nose as he squinted his eyes against the wind. Red and brown leaves skittered across the asphalt and the skeletal trees creaked back and forth. It was well into November already, and even without snow, it was freezing. Raging Funland had decided to stay open through the fall this year, trying to squeeze the last few dollars out of the amusement park-going public. Seth was one of the few employees that had somehow ended up with a double shift this weekend, and he hadn't had the nerve to refuse. He was currently on hour four of his shift minding the Funhouse, pressing the cold button to advance the rail cars as people climbed in and out."
"“I just thought I’d heard something. You sounded a bit annoyed” her father replied."
"**We got used to our cable TV, allowing BoxMarts to invade our towns destroying downtown USA and Mom & Pops or the local 5&Dime Store;"
"Writing is something I have always wanted to do—I wrote my first book when I was seven—but it wasn’t until I retired that I found the time to devote to it at a serious level. Even then it wasn’t quite as simple as knocking off a book in one go, for it took me over twenty drafts and"
"The funny thing about all this, and getting the new bunny is, the only reason that MOH consented was because he thinks that the mini lops are too small for Saint to herd without hurting them. I have a girlfriend who also has a Giant, a female. I called her about the idea of mating them when mine gets older just to see what we can throw. She was really jazzed up about the idea, and then I said, “Say a prayer so MOH will say yes.” I called him and told him the story about the bunny, and before I got to the punch line about my girlfriend and the potential income from the babies, he said, “Okay, I can pick it up tomorrow. Saint won’t kill the lops playing with them now.” I called her right back and said, “MOH said yes.” She was bowled over by how easy that was. Then I told her the bunny is for Saint."
"Taiwan"
"We waited, and waited and waited."
"size of the trunks of the olive trees. That shows how old they are.)"
"The characters are colorful and amusing, especially Bubbles with his antiquated street hustler argot. Much of the dialogue seems forced and unnatural, though, at least to modern ears. Still, that's easy enough to get accustomed to after a few dozen pages. My only real qualm with the body of the story is that a certain political scheme of Blizzard's, which seems as if it is building into a major plot point, is never brought to fruition, turning it into unneeded padding."
"Oh, and of course Amber has been harassing me about getting a horse. I really want one, but I have been just too darn busy. Speaking of that, I am thinking about returning to grad school. Yep...call me crazy, but I am really considering it. For one thing, there is now a part-time, advanced standing MSW program that will only take me one year to complete. And for another thing, once I have my MSW, I can do shift work at a hospital, which means that I won't have to work M-F anymore."
"There I am getting ready!"
"Official Book Club Selection also does a lovely job, as Griffin does on her show, My Life on the D-List, of showcasing her predictably adorable parents. Generally I’m indifferent when it comes to the parental impression sect of stand-up comedy—I get it Margaret Cho, your mom has an accent—but Griffin’s parents’ brand of hilarity is more subtle, even though she tends to remind us of it…often. I can’t say I would have wanted boxed-wine-loving Maggie Griffin as my own mother, but picturing her on the set of ER, making small talk with a young George Clooney, is certainly worth a few laughs."
"Have an awesome day!"
"Here is my contribution to the hop."
"\"Thus says the Lord of hosts, 'I will punish Amalek for what he did to Israel, how he set himself against him on the way while he was coming up from Egypt."
"She went on to, because she saw all these ethical challenges there, so she went on and got a law degree so she could — she could deal with those in the — in the legal world."
"And……make sure you grill enough hot dogs for everyone on the team!"
"We gathered around Jason, looking like the Gorton's fisherman, our beacon in his yellow rain gear and our own personal gear check. Finally, about 20 minutes before the start, I went off for a one mile warm-up."
"If you’d seen how they worked it"
"30 Days of Autism is a project designed to promote social understanding and offer a glimpse into the perspectives of those whose lives are touched by ASD."
"If there were ever a shot to get me really annoyed, this would be it. Ladies and gentlemen, this photo does absolutely nothing for you, or your knitting. This applies mainly to photographs of sweaters, but, nonetheless, we are all familiar with this shot: someone is standing in front of the bathroom mirror (occasionally with a toilet in the background) with one arm up, holding a camera in front of their face. Delightful. There are multiple issues with this format of photo, I am going to list 3 of the most offending."
"However, to ensure continued demand and confidence in the market, investor protection is also vital to drum in the message of a high standard of care."
"Well, it's been a slice. Thanks for bearing with my little rant. Peace love dove. See, it's working. I'm calmer already."
"Pinsky said that the bond buyers and rating agencies and associated law firms had vouched for the numbers."
"Andrúm"
"We also recognise that the individual is best placed to decide for themselves what employment options are best for them. People without disabilities have that choice; to close and privatise Remploy factories is depriving disabled people of that employment choice."
"and next is a bit of re-purposing."
"-\"In 1975, novels had long stays on the bestseller list; in 2000, more novels made the list but generally enjoyed far shorter stays, with a few exceptions.\""
"You can find her at:"
"Thanks for taking one for the team, Nate!"
"A friend with an impressive race record confessed that she’s not a good runner. She explained that if she was, then she wouldn’t have suffered countless, prolonged injuries throughout her running life. If I interpret that correctly, it’s to mean that a good runner should not only be concerned about speed, but he or she must also know how to avoid drills that damage the body. I can’t agree more, but it’s always easier said than done. And do I consider myself a good runner? Definitely not."
"A few Sox fans–I say only a few because generally we fans are pretty open-minded, except for when we’re dealing with that New York team that begins with the letter Y–a few of the other denizens of our hotel were freaked out, but I’m clueless as to why. I mean how many of us non-furries buy cereal because it’s got a Tiger on the cover, or keep a furry mascot on our rearview mirror–and talk to it–or engage in long back and forth conversations with our dogs?"
"Mr Livingstone’s travels took him to the luxurious Taj hotels in India, including the Taj Lands End in Mumbai, a favourite of Pierce Brosnan, and the Taj Mahal Palace in the same city."
"The next morning, he told me;"
"Using the web as well as the fast access to information, many people think they can properly take up their court case and defend on their own. However, that knowledge can’t be considered a substitute to authentic encounters. Criminal legal representatives invest plenty of their time and work working with cases and simply being in the courtroom. These individuals go through these kinds of matters consistently. They are completely tuned in to the trade secrets. They are completely conscious of the procedure. These people really do know the variations concerning many jurisdictions. Primarily, these people have an understanding of exactly what the law declares. This is the reason precisely why you should have the assistance of a Virginia criminal defense lawyer."
"Commander in Chief, U.S. Pacific Command (‘96-‘99)"
"My friend, Joy, asked me to contribute a piece of art for her school's silent auction. I have been out of town so often that I thought there was no way I could meet the deadline. The day that I told her I would NOT be able to do it, I went up to my artspace and got creative. I had sketched out a heart on a layered acrylic background. It's so funny how the art process works. After I painted the canvas, I wanted to add something to the background. I ended up using a transparency after discarding the idea of stamps, rubons and tissue paper. I loved what I ended up with. It was then that I abandoned the original sketch, but wanted to still use a heart. As I was going through my stash of handmade papers, I came across this textural piece that was layers and layers of papers and fibers. It seemed to go so well with the background. After I added that, I abandoned the heart and went for the goddess figure stamped on canvas. MMMMM. I started loving it. I painted the figure and added some embellishments, added some rhinestones to the texture and was really feeling it. I decided to submit it to the auction. I had a heck of a time framing it. I really should have taken it to a framers, but I was out of time."
"And, this elephant society structure dovetails nicely with advice I give to all my divorcing women clients: “Keep your girlfriends close…” It is important advice that I wish all women would heed whether they have great marriages or not. (another post…)"
"D1 Evening Star"
"I got a call a few days after my appointment saying that all my tests looked fine, but they did find Group B Strep in my urine. Normally they don't worry about this until labor, at which point they give you IV antibiotics, but since they found it so early, they decided to go ahead and have me take a 10 day course of oral antibiotics. For the most part, Google confirmed what the doctor had told me, but I decided to see if it's associated with miscarriage and found a few articles/studies done that believe it could be associated with recurring miscarriage and second trimester losses. Also, if they find it in your urine then your vagina is heavily colonized. Great. Another thing to worry about."
"The first step is to get a proper set up on the bench:"
"“The true measure of a man is not how he behaves in moments of comfort and convenience but how he stands at times of controversy and challenges.” - Martin Luther King Jr."
"3. The project I keep putting off is writing a book. Why? Because other things keep crowding it out. Things like moving, followed by heart surgery, moving again (see above), unpacking boxes. But I have my notes, my ideas, my outlines — and I've written pages and pages of my book. Unfortunately, those notes were in my laptop that was stolen. I do have the notes I printed out and saved in half a dozen notebooks, but not the notes that were in my flash drive, which went through the wash in the pocket of my jeans (yes, that did rather wash away its contents). I'll revise as I type out what I had before. Maybe what I write now will be even better."
"As the working like a dog fog of the past two weeks fades into the distance I am able to start thinking about all the “free” time I now have and how it will be consumed. I am a junkie freak for activity, the fighter of inertia and must keep up some sort of velocity. I'm a sicko."
"I liked that Quinn gave another book with Olivia and I’m excited to read about Sebastian who has his own book out. Olivia in the first book was fun to read about as she was pushy. She still is and it plays to her advantage."
"My original plan for dinner was to take our CSA pea shoots and stir fry them with sliced up pork chops from the freezer. But we had Asian flavors last night, so I switched the plan last minute and went with a combo of this recipe and this one. We didn't have enough pea shoots for both pesto and salad, so I used CSA lettuce and carrots for our veg. I also added some thin spaghetti pasta to use up some more of the pesto."
"Energy efficiency concerns and opportunities are driving much of the current corporate sustainability agenda."
"A few jobs need tackling at home."
"Will you join me and walk with Him?"
"And toucan fly so much better than ewe"
"Most of this portion of the class was up close and personal kind of bad guy, hands on you stuff. I don't know why, but punching someone is still an issue for me. The drill was to strike the face of the bad guy, while withdrawing, draw and shoot. These were paper targets, but I still had a hard time in my mind striking. I am constantly amazed by the mind and how I can be standing there knowing full well that the \"bad\" guy is paper, can't hurt me and that I know in real life I am going to beat the crap out of anyone trying to hurt me, and yet, some things still takes me right back to that day. The main thing is that I can control it now or at least overcome it. When it was my turn to do the drill, I used all my fear as energy and I was extremely forceful with my punch and I am not sure if it was loud to anyone else, but I think it was the loudest \"GET BACK\" I have ever screamed. It was guttural. After that one drill I was fine. I did lots more punching and grabbing of the bad guy without issue."
"A lover of Gods word"
"I’m not suggesting that its artists’ responsibility to serve up only ‘gimmes’, but aren’t we at least in some sense responsible for our audience’s ability to make head or tails of what we are doing? Isn’t our predicament ultimately an issue of compatibility and preparation? Isn’t it about the exposure, training, interest and passions of our audience? Isn’t all meaningful communication a meeting of minds in some important sense? How and where do we find and foster compatibility for the Arts? With whom do we expend our efforts at joining minds? NOT the ‘tryers’ surely! So, where do we plot the best venues for exposure with those other folks? How do we go about training them? How do we best instil and nurture their passion?"
"Churchill asked his staff to find out about problems in Lambeth, Brixton and Cardiff. B.G.Smallman, PS, to the Colonial Secretary, producing a paper on “The Coloured Population of the UK\". This estimated the numbers to be 40-50,000 which included about 6,000 students. (3)"
"Another random, corny two-minute poem I just wrote. *Teehee* It's sort of for Matt because the first time I ever spoke to him it was after I had tripped over him basically... *ooi*."
"Fifa General Secretary Jerome Valcke said the right to sell beer must be enshrined in a World Cup law the Brazilian Congress is considering."
"YOUR VERY STUPID"
"Driskill Mountain is a landform created by the erosion of unlithified Paleogene sediment. Its summit consists of nonmarine quartz sands. These sands overlie shallow marine and coastal clays, silts, and sands of the Cook Mountain Formation, which form the bulk of Driskill Mountain."
"Try to play somewhere dark and, preferably, quiet (as per Rule #1). Candlelight or a fireplace is best. Music should be creepy and should fit the mood. If you’re going to order food, make sure it is done and the food is there before the game starts. It’s okay for folks to eat while you are playing, of course, but don’t get interrupted by the pizza guy–it breaks the spell, as it were, for everybody to stand up and fumble around for cash (plus you’ll probably have to turn on the lights). Setting the mood helps Rule #1 actually happen and gets people into the zone. The more they play along, the better things will go."
"THE PUBLICATION: The Sun"
"About a month ago, I bought two healthy looking chokos at the market in the hope they would sprout. Sure enough, they have, and soon they'll be planted out in the vegetable garden at the base of the fence near the chook shed. Slowly buy surely, they'll creep up the fence, up the side of the shed and cover it by January. In Australia, chook sheds and choko vines go hand in hand. It's a good cheap way to provide shade in summer, you pull it out in winter and let the sun hit the shed, then replant again in spring."
"No longer would I miss the treasured moments with my children."
"Evelyn still pulls the straw out and so there is a little mess, but it is much more contained. I love it."
"1) Nicole"
"Conformity and stating the fucking obvious was never part of my game"
"Kind of seems like the fig was meant for placement on higher up displays, looking down."
"Do you think I care about four U. S. Marines urinating on some dead Taliban insurgents?"
"Twice I came upon eastern cottontails that shot off into the brush when they saw me....so I knew I was pretty well downwind of everything to my north with that breeze coming in. Finally, I reached the edge of the woodland and the beginning of the old field/meadow in the northern portion of the site. The breeze was a bit stronger here, as I made my way down the small incline along the trail and through the grass below. I always try to keep my eyes open for turkeys, red-tailed hawks, etc. when I'm out in the open there, but saw none of the usual suspects."
"Television is now following a similar evolution, albeit in a roundabout fashion. Broadcast TV started out as free to its viewers. With just a few channels in any given broadcasting area, advertising rates were high and very profitable. But then Cable TV, and later Satellite Dish TV, arrived with dozens of channels being made available to the average viewer. This caused advertising rates per viewer to start falling like phone rates."
"I need to thank my family. I love you more than life itself. Thank you for putting up with all of this. This LOST journey helped my personal growth in so many ways and I hope you can see that. Remember when the hurricane hit in 2004 you had me use Jack's count to five method to let the fear go. We literally had just learned it! Who would have known I'd have to utilize it more than a few times. The LOST story has brought me so much joy. In the end the only thing that really matters is that we truly love each other."
"We took the MapQuest-suggested route and quickly found ourselves at the interstate exit for Davidson Street. As soon as we hit the bottom of the ramp, we saw our first native, the driver of a retro Ford plastered with bumper stickers for alternative bands. Research we had done before the trip indicated the natives love it when you flag them down and ask them to pose for a picture. Actually, it turned out that they “love it” in quotes, which meant they actually hated it. Pinto Guy gave us a dismissive shake of the head and chugged off before we could set up our camera."
"Each of the members were given different roles. Daesung was the laidback fashion champion, while Seungri was a bold challenger trying to take over the name of fashion king."
"Often I struggle to put my finger on what I’m trying to achieve through my ‘working mum’ pieces. It’s not about having a whine. It’s not about looking for special treatment: shorter days, extra holidays. It’s not about that. But when Busy-And-Important-Husband asks me, “What is it you want? What are you trying to change?” I struggle to answer."
"What am I doing on WordPress? Why does an LLC need to blog? As we skip through the Social Age of post-techno-industrialism a new era of accountability has dawned. Companies should no longer be faceless “theys” and “thems” that are clearly out of touch with capitalism or communism or terrorism as they auto-tweet and auto-facebook post pre-generated content from bored interns. Neither do we need an abrupt departure from the status quo that does nothing but transfer from 1% to dichotomous 1%. I just needed to blog."
"I am suitably intrigued by the story, the way it’s being presented, and I do love a strong, sexy female lead… right Bo?"
"2 cups semi-sweet chocolate chunks (or chips)"
"Tetanus shots are needed, or lockjaw will occur"
"All the statistics in the world can’t measure the warmth of a smile. ~Chris Hart"
"I rode roller coasters at Universal Studios last year. I never gave it a second thought that I wouldn’t fit. My only thought about it at all was to think, “Wow, it’s so cool I don’t HAVE to wonder if I’ll fit or not!”"
"Then, AFTER you have subscribed (or if you ALREADY subscribed in which case, YAY!) please COMMENT on THIS post using the SAME email address in the info field, or, if you’re a WordPress blog user, the link to your blog (so I can tell who’s who)."
"I wonder just a bit"
"F. Paul Wilson isn't one of the top writers out there. There are infelicities of language here and there through the book, but not enough to detract from the overall flow and interest of the narrative. The story is compelling, the events as they unfold fascinating, and the twist he has developed on the legend both interesting and begging further exposition--the whys and the wherefores left unexplained here seem to require further development."
"Both our girls were under the weather this week and when that happens, it just breaks my heart. They are on the mends now and I'm so grateful. Between the runny nose sniffles, coughing, and cuddling, we slowly looked at books, and thumbed through magazines (India especially digs the mini size of Everyday Food) and watched a few of our favorite kid movies."
"28-32 cups of Roma tomatoes (about 16 pounds)"
"The word CHURCH is found more than 100 times from Acts to Revelation; twice in Matthew 18:17. The Greek word is EKKLESIA. In the Greek translation of the Old Testament Scriptures this word EKKLESIA is used quite frequently and is generally translated “congregation,” as it is in Acts 19:32, Acts 19:39-41, where the Greek word is used to describe an angry, lawless mob of heathen."
"Just moment's later I'm shearing my blondies' heads like hot, sweaty, sheep outside. Instead of falling to the ground, the fresh wisps land on dewy skin, staying put, refusing to fall. The clouds rolled in, the sky darkened and everything stilled."
"After 15 minutes of socializing, we began the evening's program with a PowerPoint presentation by Bill Dietrich on the basics of extract brewing. Despite the experiences of the many people present, all of us walked away with some new things to think about. That's one of the nice things about brewing - just about every step can be done different ways, and there's a lot of room for personal preference (except, as Bill noted, sanitation ... all of us have to do that step!). It was a great talk. On behalf of the rest of the group, many thanks to Bill for his presentation. And, thanks to Erick Lauber for providing/setting up/running the laptop & digital projector on the Coney's screen."
"It was also really exciting fun to watch couples walk down the astro-turf sloping ramp, joyful with keys in hand. This couple met in NYC but refused to tell me where they met....hmmm, one can only imagine the delightful story shared by two secret NY lovers, or, at least, NY lovers of secretes..."
"These bee look a-likes are actually flies and don’t have a stinger or anything cool that could inflict pain. It all adds up to easy money. Plus, these flies hover in one spot a for a long time, plenty of time to dramatically sneak up on this scary beast and impress the kids."
"What a crazy life!"
"6) Companies who collected forex to the tune of $402.6 million whose utilization is unclear."
"Ellen Renner, whom I recently had the extremely good fortune to meet, has produced a wonderful, rich and gripping novel in City of Thieves. I absolutely loved it. The story has rich characterization, a powerful voice and vivid imagery. It reminded me in fact of another author, and it wasn’t until Ellen mentioned her favourite author that I realised who it was… None other than the wonderful Diana Wynne Jones. Although the two authors can’t be compared, there is no doubt about the influence of Wynne Jones on Ellen Renner, and all to Ellen’s benefit."
"What tips do you wish you had when you started blogging?"
"Brrrrrr....it was a very cold holiday, but one of the best and we had the most fabulous time....we got back in the very early hours of Christmas Eve....and yes, we are quite mad."
"Do you love purple? I love purple. I've learned it's a very polarizing color. You either love it or you don't. I grew up in a purple bedroom. For the 'elementary years' anyway. I painted my room often and changed the 'color scheme' regularly. But for a good part of my younger years my bedroom was purple and red."
"And, if you missed anything here at Design It Chic, you can now check the Blog Tips section at the top of the page, if you need more tips on building up your blog, new blog design tutorials, search engine optimization tricks or all the easy steps to improve your blog's traffic! Happy Friday!"
"Tongue’s tips tickling"
"The next morning, the coast guard found Natalie Wood floating in the water dead from drowning. The coroners report ruled the death accidental, believing Wood fell overboard being drunk herself and drowned some minutes later."
"Push the garlic and lemon zest into the slits and put the fennel tops along with the lemon slices inside the fish. Leave to infuse for an hour or so."
"We recently learned that that appointed (non-elected) members of the Bi-State Bridges Authority voted on and approved a financial plan that includes tolls on existing bridges and infrastructure. The authority members don’t have experience in financing public works projects and made a lot of assumptions in putting together this financing plan, including public acceptance of tolls."
"To begin with, wires and cables are the common electrical supplies that constitute the skeleton of different industrial setups. These electrical components are installed to transport electricity from one industrial unit to another. In addition, wires and cables are used to set up networks in the computer and IT industries. Telecommunication industry is among the prime users of these supplies to install communication networks."
"Pretend You’ll Do It Again by Josh Russell"
"she answered."
"I headed off down to the workroom later on in the day & made some felted egg cosies."
"Anyhow.My first act today is to create a World-Wide population explosion!"
"On rare occasions, I get to exercise my writing muscles in longer format. Most recently I came home to find this awesome sauce in the mail and plunked it down in front of my dad. We all proudly stared at my byline; my mom squeezed me extra tight. It felt good."
"So here is the list of items i've got"
"Before a person is baptized, he is guilty of Original Sin and, if baptism occurs after the age of reason, of personal sin. When a person is baptized, all personal sin, Original Sin and the punishments due to sin are wiped clean. The baptized believer is thus born again and receives the grace of justification. Protestant terminology says that this person is justified and saved. Catholic terminology says that this person’s soul is in the state of Sanctifying Grace. Not all Protestants believe that baptism is necessary to be justified and saved. But the following passages demonstrate the truth of the Catholic teaching."
"Meanwhile, thanks for bearing with me…for keeping faith in me. I’m still here! And until we’re able to really hang out again, I always love a quick email, a text message, even a postcard. And of course, prayers. Lots of them. Count on mine for you."
"The bed was the same dark wood and only took 2 coats of paint....this is because I covered it completely with tinted primer first! I used a high density foam roller so there are no brush marks."
"That made me smile. I’ve worked hard to make my writing look professional and it’s great to see that hard work paying off."
"No reason that would do"
"Of the neck I cannot catch,"
"There are so many reasons to look at his life and admire his faith."
"This is tough. Here I am facing my own health issues of colon cancer, chemo/radiation treatments, two surgeries and just the stress of the health issues. Added to that is my Brother Chap Smathers who appears to be in the final stages of congestive heart failure. He is now in a nursing home where they are attempting some rehab programs, but there is no doubt this is the late stages of that disease. It just breaks my heart, I've known the man for over 60 years. He is truly like a brother to me and I love him dearly. Chap is one of those truly good hearted people you have the privilege of being close to."
"Chris Kreussling (AKA Flatbush Gardener) is a garden coach with more than 30 years gardening experience in NYC. Chris is also the Directory of the Urban Gardens and Farms initiative of Sustainable Flatbush and a community member of the Healthy Soils, Healthy Communities advisory board, a project of the Cornell Waste Management Institute, and earned a BBG Certificate in Horticulture, 2009."
"The B-24J, to be honest, was worth the price of admission. Folks were able to walk through the plane – in through the tail section and then out through a bomb bay door. As there weren’t all that many folks on hand – I was able to step inside a couple of times to get photos."
"\"I HATE craft time!\""
"More tornadoes swept the Midwest on Tuesday night, killing at least 15 people: 9 in Oklahoma, 4 in Arkansas and 2 in Kansas."
"\"I love you\". \"So long\". \"Promise me we'll meet again\". \"Don't go\"..."
"“none of us is as smart as all of us” - Ken Blanchard"
"No shipping means no delivery of coal and oil and no shipping of food and other necessities.Yes, extreme weather, such as snow, ice, and sand storms, tornadoes, hurricanes, torrential rains and floods, can all play havoc with the orderly distribution of goods. Sadly, the predictions by climate scientists that anthropogenic global climate change will result in extreme weather becoming increasingly common were clearly off base, because it's happening a lot quicker than they expected. I'm going to go disable my catalytic converter just to display my contempt for their imprecise computer modeling skills."
"The sheer random chance of such an encounter was part of the danger inherent in the setting. On the other hand, you could encounter a group of giant rats or one cave bear by itself. There needs to be more random elements to things while providing players, in the option of the stone giants, with the opportunity to retreat if and when needed."
"2012 Northeast Treatment Free Beekeeping Conference will take place July 24-29 in Leominster, Massachusetts. Bees on site for daily hands on workshops (weather permitting), 3 amazing meals a day (prepared onsite by our talented and experienced staff from scratch) are included, nearby affordable camping available."
"I have been blessed by a half brother. He talks to me regularly and supports me with undying love."
"Cana, Olu, and I tackle every character in this episode. Every. Character. And Olu explains how the Caroline character exemplifies how bad the show is with storytelling and pacing."
"Roots and Wings Co shared a really cute Lego party. Love these lego crayons, but she also made Lego decorations, snacks, and even soap! So fun!"
"$97615"
"“He is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of all creation; for in him all things in heaven and on earth were created, things visible and invisible, whether thrones or dominions or rulers or powers—all things have been created through him and for him. He himself is before all things, and in him all things hold together. He is the head of the body, the church; he is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, so that he might come to have first place in everything. For in him all the fullness of God was pleased to dwell, and through him God was pleased to reconcile to himself all things, whether on earth or in heaven, by making peace through the blood of his cross.” (Col 1:15-20)"
"Harry Hitzeman"
"For pizza, Shakey’s Pizza has all-you-can-eat specials that range in price from about ¥800 to ¥1,900 depending on what day and what time you go (lunch time on regular weekdays is cheapest)."
"It’s tough to change, but I gotta, and frankly you could, too."
"Take two minutes to pray five times a day, and you are ten minutes into a new way of living!"
"rock and roll in storybook disquise..."
"5. It is time for Julius Malema to admit that South Africans have lost more lives in the first four years of ANC rule than during the entire four decades of Nationalist rule. This statistic should be staggering by now, almost 18 years later."
"The Higher Regional Court of Munich (OLG München, case reference: 23 U 2198/11) agreed with the artist but refused to rule on the question of whether or not the fries were art (presumably if they were, they would be a sculpture). Instead the court awarded €2,000 on the basis of the chips' economic value. Key evidence appears to have been given by an art collector who said she had offered to pay €2,500 for them. However, as the artist had only asked for €2,000 in compensation, that was the amount the court awarded together with an order that the art gallery pay 90% of the artist's costs."
"If you are a blogger who has featured me recently, and I did not thank you, it is probably because I did not see your post. I love to give people a little shout out for featuring one of my post or for using one of my recipes or craft tutorials and providing a link back to my blog. If you do this, please let me know so I can thank you publicly for this!"
"Commentary and Notes"
"While I don't buy into the notion that Authonomy can help writers build readership--a few hundred reader recommendations hardly constitutes a following--I agree that showcasing a manuscript online is probably not an issue, as long as it's not being promoted for sale. The notion that merely by posting your manuscript online you exhaust your first publishing rights dates back to the early days of the Internet, when the concept of electronic rights was brand-new and it wasn't clear what sort of competition they might present to print rights. I doubt that many editors these days would be greatly bothered. (A more relevant question, in my opinion, is how bothered they might be that you’d posted your manucript on a website sponsored by a rival publisher--especially if you’re currently submitting your manuscript elsewhere.)"
"The stars are not wanted now: put out every one;"
"(Ural) My family was very supportive of my talent, and they have tried to help me a lot. I also continue to work with my middle school friend. I have found many supportive people all around the world."
"A' plump and strappin' in their teens,"
"Within a few weeks you will hopefully be reading a post about how delicious this turned out, in the mean time please pray to whatever fermentation God you trust in for me."
"After hours of combing through varied websites, I have finally determined my list of 100 favorite movies. They are not in order, since depending on my mood I would rank them differently nearly ever single day of the year. The top 10 are in bold, the favorite tear-jerkers are in italics."
"Thanks for joining us this week"
"Meanwhile, Stannis has to deal with the notion that Melisandre may not be the ally he believes her to be, Bran is still suffering from disturbing dreams, Jon Snow finally reaches the Wall and Theon Greyjoy must prove to his men that he is a worthy Captain."
"I have to admit I was in my PJs until mid morning....."
"I'd never flown alone so I was really nervous for that. The people who booked my flight assumed that Idaho Falls was close to Boise so they scheduled my flight through that airport. And naturally they scheduled the flight for 6 am. I made the drive to Boise the night before and stayed in a Best Western suite, right next to the airport. The room was nice and big but lonely. I loved sleeping in a king size bed by myself and right in the middle. I'd always wanted to do that. However, I didn't get much sleep because I was worried I'd miss my flight."
"The Football Association do not seem to be helping this club - a club which has a long and proud history - that has served its community well for so many years. Ironically, Crystal Palace was just one of the London teams which contributed to the formation of The FA."
"The learning never stops at this conference. I have never been so busy. I learned about the Chinese New Year and Russian Orthodox churches from a teacher from Beijing on the bus."
"2And on the day when you go over Jordan into the land which the Lord your God is giving you, put up great stones, coating them with building-paste,"
"PORT ELIZABETH: Policeman arrested for armed robbery and vehicle theft."
"but this one makes me smile the most."
"Black sable eyeshadow brush - which is NOT like the 239 like all the reviews say..."
"All-in-all, it was a great weekend, and I feel more ready than ever to tackle the trails in Lawrence…not a bad way to spend the weekend!"
"Their condition is caused by one of numerous mutations in the gene for the androgen receptor, rendering it incapable of responding to androgens."
"other news: once again i was asked \"how old are you\" me: \"31\" other person \"my god you look like your 12\" -- i guess Botox and face lifts aren't in my future any time soon - i totally think it's my henna tatt along with my hippie vibe i give off and dress -- i wear ZERO make-up unless an \"event\" comes up - this whole 30 thing is FAB, i couldn't ask for anything else - life is good - and BIG changes ahead to make it better!!!!"
"Here are the birthday cakes from last year. I put them in a slide show to make it a little easier to view."
"But wait: actual people are \"ethical\" on a formal, logical sort of level (respecting others' rights through applying the logic of universality) and \"ethical\" on a situational, emotional sort of level (minimizing felt harm through the capacity for empathy) and they appreciate \"good\" people who they estimate to be salutary examples of a well-realized person (a “gentleman of Athens”). In fact real ethical people (that is, people when they're actually trying to act ethically rather than merely trying to do ethical theory) use Kantian-style \"golden rule\" reasoning and Millian outcomes-oriented strategies and they make Aristotelean evaluations of themselves and others all at the same time. “Ethics\" turns out to be a heterogeneous concept: the intentions of rational beings, the qualitative experiences of conscious beings and the health or pathology of living beings are all different things, such that there turn out to be not so much differences of opinion among \"ethical theorists\" as there are changings of the subject. Confusion (and sound and fury) is generated by a presumption that ethical thinking must be one kind of thinking and so there must be one “theory” that gives an account of it. The misleading grammar in this case is the use of a singular abstract noun “ethics,” which creates the strong impression that there is only one topic when in fact there are several that come under that rubric."
"“Come on dear. I think the way’s clear now; we better go. Oh wait…Just a second.”"
"This book proves that truth is stranger than fiction! I loved reading about women's side of history, and not just the boxed-in views of women that history books teach us. These women are real, flaws and all."
"raving. The way that these primal modes of ecstatic trance-endence"
"I grieve from a distance for the death of my native country, England. The country that was at the heart of Western Europe during two thousand years of slow secure growth, resulting in a free and democratic society that was the envy of most of Europe."
"After Mubarak promised to eventually lift the emergency law in place since 1981, the military command gave a more specific timetable, saying they would go once the protests end — “immediately after the end of the current circumstances.” The law gives police and security forces almost unlimited powers of arrest, which opponents say they have used to crush dissent. Police are also accused of widespread use of torture."
"We had our workshop on Saturday and I just wanted to post some highlights of what we talked about for review!"
"Don't let your leftovers sit in the fridge and go bad -- create a Fifth Meal and share it with someone who could use something to eat."
"The transparent proxy has been configured correctly. The switch-type of selector in Firestarter IP-tables configuration file is working correctly. It is time for the final step, all sub-systems are working correctly."
"Stuart is questioned again and eventually he pegs Henry as the rapist. It seems the most likely explanation, as Henry’s DNA was found in Leslie’s rape kit and there were trophies from the other victims in his car. But Leslie admits the two of them were having an affair. They fought over her going out on the streets and he’s been sleeping with a multitude of women who aren’t his wife. Still, all these women stick up for his alibis. He was intentionally framed."
"I love words, I love the English language, a point I’ve made previously. I delight in good prose and good verse, in the rise and fall of sounds, in brilliant, perceptive images. There are few people who can really command language now, and none at all in public life. Politicians are particularly guilty here, reaching for stale phrases and pre-fabricated expressions, fatuous garbage like ‘British jobs for British workers.’"
"Like I said, Charlie Sheen used to be a good actor. Look at Platoon. Look at Wall Street. Look at Lucas. Look at those goofy Hot Shots! flicks, even. He seemed to know what worked as an actor and how to best present himself. It's been awhile since he's been in a movie or TV show or bombed personal tour where he wasn't presented as something more than a joke or a walking time bomb. This is more of an artifact of a long-ago age hat can never be attained again. Every actor has them; I guess this is Charlie's."
"I'm not sure what happened. It's not as though marriage or children has made my life less interesting. Maybe less heartbreaking...but much more interesting :)"
"Lo Cole is a freelance illustrator and print maker based in Gloucestershire with a career already spanning 20 years and a very impressive client list including; Vogue, The Guardian, Greenpeace, The Royal National Theatre, Harper Collins and Royal Mail Stamps."
"our day started at 4.45 with make-up.."
"Picking at the Round 1, Umami opted for the two of three best receivers on the board. The league counts points per reception so that was a viable strategy, particularly since the WR pool was arguably shallower than than the RB pool. But this does leave The Teeth vulnerable at RB, with Best and Mathews as the starters and three similar pass-catching backs as backups. The rest of the team is not that exciting one way or the other. Umami thinks the team will be too inconsistent to seriously contend, but will be huge pain to play because of the possibility of monster receiving games from Johnson and Johnson."
"1 countryside"
"This was a rare instance where I did no pre-planning. Just took scissors to paper and ended up with a project that's pretty special to me. This layout is going on an easel in the craft room as an example of how spontaneity can be a wonderful thing."
"Carl Johan Calleman"
"Proclaim LIBERTY! Powerful stuff then. Powerful stuff now."
"Okay, okay, put your hands down and retract your tongues if you have a strong reaction to the title of this post. Take a deep breath . . . in with the peach, out with the green. There you go. Let me explain."
"Meg pelted down the hill and jumped into the boat, tossing me the binoculars even though her hasty entrance had almost knocked me into the water. “You’re the smallest, so you have to watch out while Em and I dig.” She bossed me."
"* Air-conditioners/Fans/Heaters"
"1. Why are you working? What are your goals?"
"Nearly everyone on the planet becomes a citizen of some country at birth… either due to the citizenship of their parents or the country that they were born in. Most people live their entire lives with this sole citizenship, and usually reside in the same country."
"Abigail and I made homemade festive brownies for our cookout today. I got the pinwheel cupcake decorations at walmart for $2.00. Aren't they adorable?"
"Goodbye 2010....Hello 2011!!!"
"Of many tears and pain"
"1. Shooting Star"
"We had such a great time."
"Pilafs made from rice or wheat. Dishes- savory and sweet- made using yogurt. Turkish cuisine is filled with vegetables, and if I wanted I could even make a vegetarian supper quite easily. Kebabs, meatballs, and chicken Tava sound so good though. They all seem to be calling my name! Of course I mustn't forget the soup, which is a very traditional way to start a meal over there, and perfect for a cool November evening."
"But we actually do have a collection of Ahadith in Judaism too. Well, we have something which is structured the same way as Ahadith, that is, it consists of the same composition."
"I have a few pictures. They don’t really do the guest bathroom justice."
"I LOVED the double bluff in the mystery of what CAL was. Everyone I talked to and listened to in the intervening week assumed that the girl being CAL would be too obvious - after all, this was Steven Moffatt - it had to be more complicated, and more chilling than that. But it wasn't. And that was brilliant, somehow. It does prove that the writing doesn't have to be complex to work."
"This design was done by Chris, who made the previous box. Here's what he had to say:"
"“Sources close to Grenell say that he was specifically told by those high up in the Romney campaign to stay silent on the call, even while he was on it. And this was not the only time he had been instructed to shut up. Their response to the far right fooferaw was simply to go silent, to keep Grenell off-stage and mute, and to wait till the storm passed. But the storm was not likely to pass if no one in the Romney camp was prepared to back Grenell up. Hence his dilemma. The obvious solution was simply to get Grenell out there doling out the neocon red meat – which would have immediately changed the subject and helped dispel base skepticism. Instead the terrified Romneyites shut him up without any actual plan for when he might subsequently be able to do his job. … And it’s a mark of Romney’s fundamental weakness within his own party that he could not back his spokesman against the Bryan Fischers and Matthew Francks."
"So, if your are like me, you start to learn how to cook more meals from scratch. You learn how to make your own bread. You buy more fruits and vegetables...and you learn new ways of baiting your child into eating some of them. You start to feel good about yourself. Confident even. It's kind of a primal thing to be able to feed your family from the work of your own hands. I am WOMAN. Hear ME roar...kind of feeling."
"Those heading out to the Tres Maria islands have found their share of Yellowfin Tuna in the 60 to 80 lb range and for this time of the year, that ain´t bad, just remember to stay outside the twelve mile limit and all will be fine. There is blue water at Isabel Island and there are also Dorado in the area. A little surprising, but a nice surprise. This means it is just a matter of time before we see them moving in and we should have Dorado before the end of April, maybe sooner so cross your fingers."
"My favourite:"
"I really enjoyed this beer, and I am going to assume this is a good example of the style. I am going to search out more old ales to get more familiar with the style. I can easily see having old ales around this Winter. This is yet another great beer from Founders."
"As the name suggests, the major part of the job of MP is sitting in Parliament, specifically the House of Commons. Parliament are responsible for designing new laws. The new law will be proposed, then read out in the House of Commons, where the MPs debate on it until they are happy. The MPs all vote on it, and if it passes it gets sent on to the next stage in the law-making process. That’s a topic all of its own, so I won’t expand here."
"Well below your ego"
"“No kidding?” Arnold called back. “That’s terrific! Who would have thought they’d still be here after all this time.”"
"Freshly ground pepper to taste."
"As it turns out, this was near the time that I started blogging too."
"In this article are some of the normally applied terminology and words and phrases linked to secret agent surveillance Cameras, along with straightforward descriptions:"
"Here is some fan art for Sym-Bionic Titan, which is... SO AMAZING. You really should be watching this show. Seriously. There's 11 episodes so far with (hopefully!) 9 more on the way sometime in the future."
"in site planning the first consideration will be the arrangement of the buildings and the development of the site to the best advantage, whereas in town planning the first consideration must be the general convenience of the town, and the arrangement of the main roads. When the main roads have been laid down and the main traffic requirements have been provided for, the spaces left between these through roads can be developed more from the point of view of making the best of the sites for the buildings, and less from the point of view of public convenience…."
"Recently I discovered this article. It’s about segmented sleep patterns and how in history humans used to have 2 sleeps and wake up for a few hours between them, each night. It’s really interesting and worth the read. I had a first and second sleep the other night and I’m as fresh as a daisy. I think there’s a lot of worth in the article. Let me know what you think of it id really like to hear from you if it’s regular for you to have 2 sleeps. I might try and change my routine a bit. The question is, what to do with that time between sleeps? Blog, watch tv, visit friends? Unlikely if none of them are awake. There are other options but I’ll let you read them in the article."
"Washing windows and tubs provides a power-packed workout. The circular motions work the chest area, shoulders, and the triceps. To keep from getting fatigued, use the circuit training method of cleaning. Wash the surfaces of the bathroom and then clean all the windows in a room. Clean the next bathroom and then clean another room of windows."
"R2-50- ch1, turn, sc in each"
"Like “get over yourself” and watch"
"Certainly “Psycho” looks more like early 1960s television than any of the more sumptuous fare Hitchcock had been bringing to screen at the time. Not only is it in black-and-white, not color, but the sets; a ramshackle motel, a mothbally old house, a couple of cheap looking bedrooms, a bathroom in a used-car dealership, are deliberately low class.It’s thrilling to see Hitchcock move so effectively outside his normal element, and move things along with such clinical detachment and low-key technical finesse. Thrilling, too, to realize this is one of his most accomplished products; made by a man who was experienced enough to know how the game was played, and daring enough still to break the rules; indeed, start a whole new ballgame.Is it the best Hitchcock movie? It’s definitely one of his best, right up there with “The 39 Steps” and “Strangers On A Train” and “Sabotage” and “Shadow Of A Doubt.” He only once again came close to making as good a film, with “The Birds,” while Janet Leigh and Anthony Perkins never escaped the greatness they helped create here. Poor John Gavin had to quit the biz entirely, and became an ambassador.Often imitated, parodied, referenced, and analyzed to death, “Psycho” still isn’t played out nearly 53 years after it came out. You owe it to yourself to pay a visit to the Bates Motel; Norman has a room ready."
"Ananias had believed what God said to him. He believed that Saul was blind; that he was helpless, praying, fasting and according to Acts 9:12, “is waiting for you and expecting you.” Ananias believed the Lord and immediately went to see this man."
"This of course would leave me a little vunerable for a move, having expended move 3's ammo, but I considered that Gerrards too far away to do any real harm at present. however in Stef's turn he did rather well, shooting off several musketeers. On the other flank I fired my advancing firelock armed Dragoons, and fired the muskets of Col Green's Regiment, to the cost of a couple of Lifeguards."
"I want a cold beer. I want to be better at conflict resolution. I want to be less sarcastic with my kids. I want another good HP Lovecraft book. I want a decent plate of nachos. I want a date with my wife."
"For many years I have wanted to be a journalist one way or the other. I imagined working on a top newspaper or magazine reporting on world events or, as I had planned for many years, reporting on football matches."
"smiled"
"so can you really make a profit ... in less than 7 days"
"(Now I'm a little disturbed that he's okay with my dying as long as he can buy junk at the dollar store.)"
"It’s always a shock when someone new comes to visit our apartment. On a good day, when my roommates and I actually clean, it looks rather nice and like any other college apartment. However, that all seems to change when they reach my desk and my side of the bedroom. Anyone who has ever met me immediately knows that I live on that side of the room."
"8. Once convicted, black offenders receive longer sentences compared to white offenders. The U.S. Sentencing Commission stated that in the federal system black offenders receive sentences that are 10 percent longer than white offenders for the same crimes. The Sentencing Project reports that African Americans are 21 percent more likely to receive mandatory-minimum sentences than white defendants and are 20 percent more like to be sentenced to prison."
"Would it not be fitting if this was the year that the Colts reached for that place deep within their souls, and won one for all the good guys?"
"I'm interested to hear the current \"academic\" perspective on the issue, and interested to see if the discussion goes outside of the typical dichotomous conversation on Blood Quantum (i.e. one side saying \"it's good!\" and the other \"it's bad!\"), clearly it's a lot more complicated. The panelists all come from the academic world (and there are two Stanford affiliates--go Card!), so it'll be interesting to see how the conversation flows:"
"Now, Nicole’s newest CD release, The Very Thought of You reached #7 on the U.S. Billboard Jazz Chart. This romantic CD features love songs, originals and gems from the great American Songbook. It was produced by music veteran Hal Batt (Regina Belle, Jean Carne, Julio Iglesias) with an assist from Executive Creative Producer Don Mizell (co-producer of Ray Charles’ Genius Loves company). Jazz Improv writes, “…beautiful, emotionally evocative…a terrific voice and a sensitive way with a lyric.” It’s with that same sensitivity and genuine, heartfelt delivery that Nicole Henry mesmerizes audiences wherever she goes. Nicole Henry’s voice is uplifting and captivating. She proves she is one of the finest vocalists to emerge this decade and ready to be discovered by wider audiences everywhere."
"I think June/July I shall keep my head down to hone the tracks ready for recording. I have already had to put this back 3 months, but it will get done and out into the world a screaming blood clot covered album. Big ideas need to air for a while before I work out the logistics of recording. I need space, some good microphones and enough coffee to take down an elephant. It will emerge slowly and this time it will be without compromise, by that I mean I will work my balls off to get it exactly how I want it."
"To assist the establishment of balance"
"I received a complimentary copy of this book from Tyndale House Publishers, in exchange for my honest review."
"His mother was a child-bride married to a British Army veteran. Jack Hindon had one sister, Margaret, and the family moved frequently, either because his father was restless or because his mother followed the available work. He joined the British Army like his father, but he absconded after a beating by his officer. This happened while in Durban, Natal, which was at that time a British annex."
"While on the surface Jack's life somewhat mimics my beloved Harry Potter, Myklusch quickly differentiates Jack from Harry. While both boys are orphans, are rejected by those around them, have odd 'magical' things that they can't explain happen when they're upset and are then whisked off to a place where people understand them .... Myklusch clearly shows the reader that Jack is 'his own man' complete with his own issues and adventures. What Myklusch and Rowling both have in common is"
"Now onto what I do know how to do, unlike photography: cooking. I found this on Pinterest a while back and it made me LOL."
"ignorance and to educate men as to our existence and our needs. This is an"
"If you work for a large company you might have little or no control over the music that pumps through your commercial spaces. In some cases, it may be so bland that you’re only aware of it around Christmas (the day after Halloween) when it becomes insufferable. Small businesses have all the music choices in the world. Some people shouldn’t have that kind of power."
"Mix."
"J.Crew 3/4 sleeve stripe chunky sweater"
"Though vivEkAnanda was also a bengAlI – he did not write bhibhEkAnanda but that is how a bengAlI may pronounce it."
"That was our problem tonight, so turning to the fridge we had some Pancetta. Pasta is always a store cupboard staple. So together with other things I had to hand, onion, garlic and frozen peas we had:"
"As Pumba got bigger she started to explore more. And on one of our walks she took this to the next level. We were walking on the open plains on the farm when we came across a massive burrow, probably of an aardvark or warthog. I expected Pumba to just stick her head in, but instead she crawled right on in. She went in head first as well, which really isn’t such a good thing to do considering that warthogs usually go in backwards so that they can exit easier."
"FLOOR CLEANER – tiles, vinyl or laminate"
"Today our nation is full of compromising believers… they lie… they cheat… they deny Jesus… they are full of greed… they live like the unredeemed… They have poisoned the springs of water… They have muddied the waters. Paul strongly wrote in 2 Corinthians 6: 17-18, “Therefore, come out from them and separate yourselves from them, says the Lord. Don’t touch their filthy things, and I will welcome you. And I will be your Father, and you will be my sons and daughters, says the Lord” (NLT). Many Christians feel that God has alienated Himself from them… and that they are not received by God as a family member. If you feel this way… Have you joined yourself to something you shouldn’t have? Have you made any wrong compromises?"
"The bottom line is that I’m not naïve about this matter. I’m perfectly well aware of the downfall of many, even most Catholic institutions over the past decades. Happily, there are still some who hold fast to the Faith in its fullness. But what I continue to assert is that, despite the deviation of many individuals and Catholic institutions, the Magisterium of the Catholic Church has continued to teach 100% of the doctrines of the Faith. That is what ultimately matters and I rejoice in that fact. The neo-geocentrists, on the other hand, seem to find this good news vexing and so they seek to play up the Church’s difficulties to the utmost, in order to save their private “dogma”. There’s something seriously wrong with that frame of mind."
"Hearing loss is – as we might expect – invisible. Jacques Derrida’s Memoirs of the Blind, however, is an account, based on many works in the Louvre, of sighted artists’ images of blindness. But how can we convey the sound of deafness? The ecstatic and angular final works of Beethoven (such as the late string quartets, the Diabelli Variations and Piano Sonata no. 32 in C minor, op. 111) are astonishing achievements in abstraction and testaments to the visuality of musical composition, but how would a hearing composer denote a deaf world? Perhaps they can’t and don’t need to, for if the human sensorium is a gestalt, and a change in one part of it changes the whole, we might expect that when one door of perception closes another opens: blind poets and musicians from Homer to Stevie Wonder have been celebrated and admired. Perhaps their courage and intensity of truth-saying is something we – sighted or not, deaf or not – might learn from as we all try to make the best of our limitations and losses."
"So...it's been a VERY long time since I made anything with a needle. Like probably about fifteen years. That is if you don't count the odd bit of darning buttons and holes here and there of course."
"Great food, a bit too much wine & champagne."
"the feet both with slightly knobbly big toes from an early onset of arthritis rheumatism deformity or general inherited knobbliness and crooked middle toes from goodness knows what seemed to provide several means of keeping occupied to whit a verruca on the underside of the right foot slightly sore to the touch could be investigated and poked and prodded to provide interesting sensations and in the hopes that it might go away"
"but please join the"
"I got a nice pineapple aroma. No earthy notes like last time just the fruit notes. There was some bitterness in the first sip, but it feels like a different kind of bitterness from IPAs. I found this one to be really interesting. The hops interact with the base beer in a really different but good way and it's a nice change from other hopped up beers because of that."
"A quick and timely response makes the treatment much easier on your pet and your wallet."
"and groovy embellishments too!"
"God looses abundance in our lives so that we, in turn, can deliver it into the earth to help bring about His kingdom."
"1 cup flaked coconut"
"I commit myself to walking a process of self transformation where I take responsibility for myself and in this change and transform all that is me as every and all relationships that exist as me into relationships that always support what is best for all in all ways."
"February 4, 2011 (Saturday) 6:00 PM KST"
"Why? I mean really. Who the F cares about what Dooce does or not?? Who is she? OOOoooooo....not. In reality, GOMI...sweetheart, your driving up Dooce's readership by having this war. If you hate her that much, why even bother?"
"Joy to you, Noreen"
"This recipe book is going back in the “to go” box!"
"4) This kind of freedom will untie the hearts of people together, working for a better nation."
"NO!!!! No nooo!!!!"
"WARNING! THE FOLLOWING MAY BE CHRONOLOGICALLY INACCURATE DUE TO MY TERRIBLE MEMORY!"
"And while we know he will finally learn what he was missing in not having a loving wife and a family we kind of do feel sorry for him that he has lost everything he has earned. Yes, because of the liberal media, we have an image of Wall Street execs as these heartless monsters who live to crush those below them. We all know when we stop to think logically that people on Wall Street are no better or worse than their middle and lower class counterparts (they have morons to geniuses, monsters to saints) but we seldom see the good depicted in the media. But it’s refreshing to see Jack Campbell depicted as not just human, but a good man, even before his switch. He knows people’s names and talks with them like equals, gives free advice, he even has an assistant whom he seems to encourage her to constantly insult him to keep him grounded…and, of course, moves to saves people’s lives when he is under no obligation. The movie has the great point that money isn’t evil nor a job unfulfilling…but even those are nothing compared to the joy of true love and a family."
"This is what it looked like after the second day of framework:"
"Sometimes I think it’s the stats and the comparison to others that gets me down."
"in effect to his mother. What’s wrong with that?"
"I feel closest to God in nature, alone with the creatures of this world! I feel at one with the Universe, when hanging out with my children and grandchildren."
"Important tip!"
"Wine- (Red) used to sip on with four words through the meal. \"The four cups\", Thanksgiving, Telling, Blessing, and Righteousness."
"Murder is a fantasy I indulge. My disdain for all humans is palpable at the job. Sometimes I’ll imagine launching myself across the counter, wrapping my clawing digits around the throat of the first cunt who behaves as if they’re royalty instead of botched anal sex at a drunken high school prom."
"Eschewing the prevailing realism and humanistic trappings of his peers, tinged with more than a whiff of nostalgia, Kim pursued a boldly expressionistic approach that transcended conventional morality, where raw human passions are laid bare and quaint notions of romantic love are put to rest. Perhaps this is nowhere better illustrated than in comparing the female characters in Han Hyung-mo’s films—by turns adventurous, headstrong and idealistic—to those of Kim’s—manipulative, libidinous and cannabilistic. It is equally impossible to imagine one of Han’s characters drugging her husband and having him undergo a vasectomy (The Insect Woman, 1972), or performing necrophilia on the corpse of her lover (Iodo, 1977), as Kim’s do."
"Meanwhile, Bill was meeting with the four remaining sheriffs in Louisiana to decide what to do about Marnie. Pam came back over and expressed her desire to kill her, while accidently letting it slip that she not only knows where Eric is, but that she knows he has no memory. Bill forced her to tell him where Eric is hiding, and Pam did not try to lie. Looking hurt and angry, Bill rushed over to Sookie’s house. In true True Blood fashion, though, we won’t get to see that outcome until next week."
"my second big screw up this week (who's counting?) is laverne. this poor piece suffered years of second-hand smoke and then was tossed to the curb to congregate with the three-legged tables while covered in grass clippings."
"They appear to be consultants. With their own consulting company. The consulting company has many clients, including biotech companies."
"Baked Squash And Apples"
"But, after a friend of mine made this gorgeous bag for herself ..."
"Scentsy's philosophy of Simplicity, Authenticity, and Generosity has made us one of the fastest growing companies the direct selling industry has ever seen. And we just keep growing! Right now, Scentsy is expanding into Europe. First comes spreading Scentsy throughout the U.K. and Germany, but after that, who knows? Anything's possible with Scentsy!I was talking to Kathy that night and she sent me a file about joining. After reading that page I was HOOKED! I have been selling Scentsy now for almost two months and I have made enough to pay the starter kit back to us and put money in the bank! What are we saving for right now? I am going to Scentsy Convention in August in Fort Worth, then we are saving for Disney! Yep thats right Scentsy will be paying for my kids and I (I think we will take the hubby too) to Disney."
"I've moved onto the next step with my felted seahorses, mounting them on a background. I used my dumfing machine (that's an embellisher for those unfamiliar with this wipso and twiglet term ;) ) to add merino wool and some other bits n pieces to a piece of cotton fabric."
"Still locked up in his little barn,"
"Interesting. Are they worried you will get drunk and make a wrong choice? Push the wrong button, get a dangling chad? Or that people will get in fights?"
"Today's card is one that I made a very long time ago. You can tell by the fact that I took the photo of it outside. I don't have the actual card in hand so I can't retake it in my light box."
"Launch Terminal, found in /Applications/Utilities/ and enter the following command"
"If midway through the movie hasn’t scared you enough to avoid Shamu at Seaworld, then the ending will. SPOILER: Moby cruises onto land and is able to jump over a mountain. Here we thought we’re safe on land, but we’re not!!!"
"But the Brooks/Barnes points do need to be supplemented again by an awareness that, from Edmund Burke onwards, conservatives have ALWAYS seen some role for government. And protecting the country from outside enemies is absolutely one of those proper roles of government. Outside the anarcho-capitalist camp, even most libertarians would agree with that one. So George W. Bush's post 9/11 security buildup is a very proper conservative thing to do, even if -- as one expects from a government activity -- its execution is hamfisted."
"All, or almost all, I have said thus far is more or less “personal,” something that can be reinforced by what my wife has had to put up with as I have pursued the somewhat unconventional academic course that I have had."
"question facetiously, “Are you Black?”"
"The daughter that was gone the longest, lives on the other side of the US from her mother. It doesn't surprise me in the least. There was an irreconcilable divide that happened, in a large part because of the mother's inability to see outside of herself and to look deeply into her children."
"I'm thinking this needs sashing and cornerstones (the border I have picked out is green, aqua and white tartanish - should have included it in the photo but not sure if it'll be the one)"
"I clearly remember seeing a scene from Earthshock – where Cybermen march up a metal staircase. It genuinely frightened me, and I then remember running and wrapping myself in nearby full-length curtain to hide... 15 or so years later, watching it back again while at university, the same feelings flooded back and I felt a chill down my spine."
"In other words… does this relationship between Thrall and Aggra feel forced? Yes. To a degree, it does. It came on very suddenly, like many other changes to the World of Warcraft universe with the advent of the Cataclysm. It seems as though the Blizzard story team said “we need more story, and we need it now!” In comes Garrosh Hellscream, the death of Cairne, political upheaval in the Horde, Sylvanas inching toward becoming the new Lich King (Queen?), the Council of the Three Hammers, more Varian Wrynn hijinks, and so on, so forth."
"We soon espied a yellow spotted ray as well as parrot fish and angel fish. Whilst Nanny and Grampy stayed in the boat, we swam far and wide investigating the depths below. Ok, it was not as good as Koh Tao, but the water was clearer and it was good to be in the water again, face down, scanning the life below us."
"However, before the meeting she circulated a letter to the press, announcing she was quitting the BNP – even though she stood by its core principles."
"I asked him \"What price would you have rather seen on the box?\""
"some gorgeous Kanban glittered acetate. I attached the acetate with brads."
"Getting the drive itself up and running was no biggie. Transferring the picture files over. Piece o'cake. But the whole iTunes/music files transfer? Another story."
"And I hate to say it, chaps, but sorry for the surface noise on some of these recordings. It's difficult to find Embassy records in Excellent condition, and what we've got is the best I can obtain at the moment."
"And you know what's sad? I don't know that I miss it all that much. I think when I start to really miss it, I will make the time to create.... and the mojo will flow."
"At this rate, though, he will end up with someone else and I will feel wounded. While I may be future telling, creating a negative thought I should challenge, it's inevitable. When I don't give him what he wants, he finds it elsewhere."
"Just as I reached through the hanging mist and touched the day"
"Digi image Honey from Saturated Canary"
"Sam was quite keen on this one and had a good sized helping, Ryan is all about textures at the moment, and while he did try a mouthful, he wasn’t keen on the texture of it. Being crab, slimy would be his description."
"When serving with idli, mix generous amount of sesame oil or ghee and serve."
"Director: Larry Charles"
"Which Jesus?"
"When I read this, I sense that Jeremiah didn’t say it in a calm and collected manner. No, I should think he said it passionately, showing his frustration and angst, and even betraying a hint of anger in his voice. Perhaps the first words he muttered through gritted teeth, knowing that God is righteous and good, but annoyed that he was not seeing it in his life and the world around him."
"Mommy: \"I know. That's why I said I was sorry.\""
"Realizing that these moments won't last long."
"How much you want to bet the clock on this guy’s VCR is still blinking?"
"happy eyes dancing."
"At one of Soup Tuesday's weekly soup and cake planning meetings (yes, we have meetings...), I had the idea to soup-ize meals, and this is an attempt to turn a roast lamb dinner into soup. The soup is actually made with left over roast lamb, but you could buy fresh if you wanted. Also, instead of making the roast potatoes and parsnips, if you have any left-over mashed potato, you could make mini potato cakes by adding some flour, rolling the mixture into little balls and frying them, before adding to the finished soup"
"...my copy of Fingerprint 2! I'll admit, I had a tiny fear that somehow this was all a mistake, and my poster would not actually be in the book - but I have hard-copy proof now! It's a bit unreal to see my own work in the glossy pages of a legit design book. Check it out:"
"Currently the wing mounting pylons are extended rearwards, but this is an area FIF1 tend to alter between circuits, so we may see some different iterations of this vaned pylon,"
"Is there ever a drive to do something entirely different from your established and successful work?"
"Hopefully I won't have anything too exciting to share tomorrow (other than that we heard the heartbeat and maybe have a picture). For some reason I have this fear that I'm having twins. And I really shouldn't call it a fear...I'd really be okay with it...but I swear twins pop up everywhere I go. Clay thinks it would be great to have a \"built in playmate.\" No idea why....Clay has twins in his family, but they are a couple of generations back, and I have no twins in my family. I guess we'll know for sure tomorrow! :)"
"While that’s not untrue, it’s another example in which “critics” bring up a point that the reporter could make independently; as I’ve noted several times, in Los Angeles, where CBAs have been pioneered, signatories don’t take money from developers."
"“No darling, not now.”"
"There are many public relations firms throughout Florida. There are also several major firms in the Tampa Bay area. Most of these firms provide service to various areas of public relations including: government, businesses and non-profit organizations. They provide different services depending on the needs of the different clients they serve."
"Still to come, Sting Vs Ric Flair…one more time."
"They have pets!"
"Not knowing whether there would be room at the zoo moorings, and we were only looking for a mooring for the weekend, we attempted a few places, without any joy of getting anywhere near the bank, even at the marked 48 hour moorings, halfway between the wharf and the zoo. As we got closer I eventually got close enough to be able to get off, and whilst Jo looked after the boat I walked to the zoo moorings, mop in hand. As I got closer to the bridge hole, the depth was getting deeper. I could see the moorings on the other side of the bridge were free, not one boat moored there, so I carried on to test the depth. The group of walkers having lunch the other side of the bridge hole were intrigued with what I was doing with the mop. It all became clear when I explained that the bands of colour on the handle are not just for decoration, but if the blue band disappears below the water level, then the mooring is deep enough for us to moor in. I returned to the boat and we moved up to the moorings, and settled in f0r the weekend."
"cat nose smears on the window"
"I’ve also realized I need to buy clothes. I keep putting it off thinking I will lose weight and that will be my reward. In the meantime every morning looking at my closet I am confronted with all these clothes that just don’t fit. That’s depressing too. I need to get myself clothes that fit and not consider it a reward. The more I look at clothes that don’t fit the more unhappy and despondent I become."
"So to comapre prices. My normal detergent is $5 for 50 loads (certain loads I only use half as much as recommended)."
"The little boy who scowled behind that mean window was somewhere around her age. Morgan would never be sure whether it was the words or the hate in those eyes (that she would have done anything to see friendship in instead) that stabbed more painfully. All she now or ever would know was that the sting both caused made tears well in her little golden eyes. Not tears enough to haze her vision when she turned her head away and saw another window’s worth of lashing out at her freedom. HCTIB EITTUO"
"Other steps will discuss in upcoming posts and lets concentrate on the actual code which download the rapnet diamond data"
"You rent your car in the Nice Airport or you have your personal car) Rent you’r driver only for the MIPIM 2012 special package From 03/05/2012 to Friday 03/10/2012 four days at disposal and two Nice airport transfer"
"Then he brings up his racist white grandmother."
"- Taxi from hotel to Charles De Gaulle Airport 75 euro (the hotel took 23 euro n the balance of 52 euro paid to the taxi driver)"
"~Elizabeth Barrett Browing"
"Help your child be a good friend so peers will want to come over and play again and again!"
"Friday we got to sleep in a little bit before we headed to Wild Wing Café around noon where the open shades, 70-degree weather and unlimited hot wings convinced us all we were in Florida and that it was summertime. At Wild Wing Café, Connor attempted “The Saltine Challenge”. The challenge is to eat ten saltine crackers in one minute without a beverage. Connor’s valiant effort for legend status was to no avail. I’m voting for “The Gallon Challenge” (drinking a gallon of milk in an hour without throwing up) to take place on our next off day."
"“I think Dominique’s dead.”"
"Let me see if I can explain my conflicting feelings."
"After the case, PC James Emery, of Cleveland Police, said: 'The innocent victim of the defendant's malicious report has been put through an enormous amount of stress, having found himself arrested, detained and questioned at length for an allegation that has now been proven to be fictitious.' And whose fault is that?"
"My heart lost its voice."
"-Add in the diced tomatoes and taco seasoning and let simmer over medium heat for about 3-5 minutes."
"We also want to know your birthday so we can give you a little gift on your special day (for those that can come by the store that is)."
"I knew the voice, Paul Owens, football team captain."
"And I met up again with laser-spin-man, for another virtual spinning class led by television screen."
"We did have a bit of drama when we first arrived. The realtor had given us the code to the house's lockbox, which Tom punched in. It didn't work. Thinking the internal mechanism might be frozen, he punched the numbers in harder. Again and again, but the box still wouldn't open. Watching this from the warm van, the kids and I became mildly panicked and began calling on every saint in heaven for assistance. Tom got back into the van, called our realtor, and got a recording that her number had been disconnected."
"** For a spicier flavor, use Zesty Jalapeno Diced Tomatoes, add Jalapenos to the veggie mixture, or add Tabasco."
"Kenny clenched his jaw. Danielle flicked the microcassette toward Russell. She looked back to Kenny. The man had fallen hard for her. No wonder he had brought in Russell to witness the interview. The dynamics of the relationship had shifted again."
"...... not a meltaway from a great little bakery, but they did the job after school today."
"Did I scare you? Good. Now here’s how to save your skin (and quite possibly your life)."
"The United States Distance Learning Association (USDLA) is a non-profit association formed in 1987 and is located in Boston, Massachusetts. The association reaches 20,000 people globally with our sponsors and members operating in and influencing 46% of the $913 Billion dollar U.S. Education and Training Market. USDLA promotes the development and application of distance learning for education and training and serves the needs of the distance learning community by providing advocacy, information, networking and opportunity. Distance learning and training constituencies served include pre-k-12 education, higher and continuing education, home schooling as well as business, corporate, military, government and telehealth markets. The USDLA trademarked logo is the recognized worldwide symbol of dedicated professionals committed to the distance learning industry. http://www.usdla.org"
"By adding the lettuce a little more dressing to toss, you have a full meal...so satisfying, healthy and delicious."
"Browse through all the relevant infographics we’ve come across that deal with mobile marketing, digital marketing, mobile technology and social media."
"I’m getting to that. Would you please shut up?"
"This is a new kind of illustration for me. I usually paint pictures that can be understood without text. But if someone views this illustration with out the text, I am sure they will be quite puzzled by the elephant falling from the snowy sky. Hopefully the \"Magic Show\" poster will help explain it!"
"The good news is, no-one's started world war 3 (unless I slept through that news bulletin) and I seem to be on the mend at last."
"Anyway, a couple of weeks ago a group of us went to The Abyssinian for my friend's birthday. I have never eaten Ethiopian food before, but have been keen to go here for ages so was pretty happy when told we were going there."
"My base is vanilla with a layer of soft suede. The dsp is from Attic Boutique by Stampin' Up. The bottom panel is pool party with some Spice Cake dsp (retired). There is a tiny panel of Attic Boutique dsp in daffodil yellow peeking out from above my pool party seam binding bow. I've used the new framelit dies that are now available from Stampin' Up, embossing the bottom layer. I really prefer a narrower border when layering dies like this but that's the way these framelits have been made. My images and greeting are from the new set called Tea Shoppe. Around all the edges of each layer of card stock and dsp I have sponged soft suede ink using a foam blending tool and craft mat. The look I wanted was a little bit vintage but not dirty. The daffodil yellow of the bottom framelit gives the card a lift and all the colours combine so well together."
"Amanda wrote:"
"I inked the sentiment onto the Label One Spellbinder Die plus the PTI Vintage Label image and embellished it with some Halfback Pearls. At last I added the Aqua Prima Flowers, the PTI Satin Aqua Ribbon with a matching Button and some Vanilla Scrapper's Floss."
"Now pay attention… Throw all of this into a slow cooker or casserole, add the rest of the ingredients and ta-da… Nearly there!"
"So in our fiction writing it's okay to dwell on evil, misfortune and any and all of the obstacles human face - but eventually there should be balance. Our stories need to resolve in such a way that hope is suggested."
"Throw in the remainder of Davids interactions with Snake and the amazing entrance, and you the television viewers simply missed out."
"Lakeland Police are attempting to identify suspects of a grand theft of equipment thatoccurred in the early morning hours of 4/15-4/16/2012, at Oakhill Cemetery, 4620 S RD 98, in Lakeland, Florida."
"Some of the officers were also allegedly involved in corruption, defeating the ends of justice and contravening the Counterfeit Goods Act."
"To tell the truth, I don't use DJ Intelligence's database in my own DJ business -- I compile my own song lists targeted to my clients and reflecting my own musical knowledge, and I have other ways of soliciting my clients' musical input. But I'd be a fool to ignore their charts entirely . . . and my Mama didn't raise no fool."
"I ask because I have discovered this year, in our class sessions that we have viewed and discussed the “Catholicism” video series, that at least some of your fellow parishioners there do not believe that Jesus rose from the dead. At least, if I interpreted their words correctly. They want to believe; but they don’t. Indeed, I have found that some of the parishioners take it for granted that, if the video series ever speaks of any miraculous events, obviously such miracles did not occur. They couldn’t have."
"1/8-inch ribbon"
"What would it take to convince liberals that everybody is not responsible for the lives of everybody else? At what point will they understand that there is a significant place in society for individual responsibility?"
"So I'm throwing my hat in the ring and announcing my candidacy for President of the United States. The 2012 elections are coming up and I'll need to start campaigning soon."
"Whether you are interested in sports or collectibles or just interested in a good story, this book keeps the reader amused and enlightened. It profiles collectors and their obsession with accumulation but it also casts doubt on the integrity of many aspects of the sports collectibles market. The Card is an entertaining look at the hobby, the collectors, what drives us, and what may eventually bring the hobby to its knees."
"We'll have that huge stump ground down first."
"International Review of Research in Open and Distance Learning"
"I knew little of where I was heading"
"Think in terms of style and the possibilities are endless. I didn’t mention everyday dry Stout of the Guinness mold, which remains beautiful with shellfish, and I’m assuming that there always will be a few yellow Eurolagers around for the plain fearful; as I wrote previously, you simply don’t need Budweiser if you have Stella or Spaten."
"It’s a jungle out there, chicks."
"The last of my grandparents died when I was twelve. There have been a few times their influence has played a role in my life. But I missed out on some of the support I may have wanted, especially when having disagreements with my parents. But I countered those selfish thoughts with the blessing that I’d had the opportunity to know them all. So much I don’t know. Wish I could ask, investigate, share over a beer, or a schnapps, a shot. I’m left with a few letters, photos, medals and images from my childhood."
"wash away my civilized stench"
"and overcoming heartache."
"My goal this week was to not snack after 8 pm. I did just okay with this goal. I did snack a couple nights after 8 pm...not sure if it was stress-related or if I'm just a bit more hungry right now because Adeline has picked up her nighttime feedings again...she's added 2 feedings during the night. (Something else we're working on!)"
"A tangled web indeed."
"And I hear the voice of many angels sing,"
"In truth, I did not learn a lot more than was in Julian's excellent Liberal Democrat Voice article from this morning. But the tone was a lot less fraught than in the last such call, when the party's powers that be seemed intent on defending the Home Office position."
"\"I like it. When we finish reading it can we watch the movie together?\""
"You treat me with care,"
"Heroic in its nakedness,"
"Note: If your device is Jailbroken, I have read that the file is located in Root/private/var/mobile/Media/Downloads (Not sure if ‘Root’ is part of the path though, I’m assuming not)."
"Have fun shooting!"
"Dread says, No! She was a witch. I see more of a Gloria Steinem thing happening."
"8. Amethyst Deceivers (Version 2)"
"Not being whiny, just expressing myself. I finally feel at liberty to express myself without cussing anyone out...so you should feel lucky! Ha ha."
"Having said that, I have learned through the school of 'Cruskits for lunchboxes' that meal planning is essential. I do a weekly shop, including stuff for lunches, and top up with fruit and bits and pieces as the week progresses (which is to say that I'm still at the supermarket every second day but it's only for small items). But there's great value in arriving home after Little Ninjas or swimming or whatever and knowing the 'fixings' for a meal are at hand."
"For the 2009-2010 school year, just over 80% of students enrolled at my daughter's elementary school were eligible for free/reduced breakfast and lunch. Of that number I am unsure just how many participate, but the Breakfast in the Classroom link states nationally less than half of those eligible for free breakfasts (doesn't specify lunch numbers) currently take advantage."
"The nice people at Sesame Street Live gave me tickets to see Elmo's Healthy Heroes with 3-year-old Sarina... ironically, I got sick just before the show. Sarina-- the little person who got me sick, mind you-- was feeling better, though, so my parents took her to see it at Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale, NY."
"Some people seem to think that Seeds of Death is not as good as Ice Warriors. Personally, I never compare complete stories to incomplete stories. I found the Ice Warriors rather boring, but then the missing episode probably did not help."
"Ideally, pre-marital condition testing done six months prior to the wedding. Premarital condition tests can be done anytime while the marriage has not lasted. If at the time of checking it turns out there is a qoute found then rehabilitation can be done after marriage. The following are important issues related to condition tests for couples to be married:"
"PUTAR: It was said that the water sprinklers arrived in record time to clean up the area soon after the assassination."
"That black mini looks just like the one she's been missin'"
"Meanwhile, if somebody set up a radio station – perhaps called Dolby Earth – permanently dedicated to realtime platecasts of the earth's droning motions... at the very least I'd be a dedicated listener."
"–Campaigns–"
"While his state of mind can be a little unnerving, that which leads him to his downfall is somewhat sympathetic. Gordon is a man so driven by what he believes is his destiny he never stops to wonder if it’s what he really wants. In that respect, the obituary writer is just as dead as the people he writes about."
"Gasoline prices were not half what they are now, though. So, there is that to consider. The slightly longer distance. The more than slightly higher cost of fuel. Still, it would be work. Somewhat steady, hopefully not too badly paying summer work. So, I was game."
"No travel plans for this month, but a few ideas already brewing. We really would like to check out a few more places to move to. U.S. Virgin Islands will probably be our next stop. St. Croix? St. Thomas? St. John? Other than a day cruise stopover, have you spent some time there? Any experiences to share? My son has a friend that just moved to St. Croix and he's planning a trip to visit her and check it out for himself."
"Next to the beach."
"He is officially off the market. Betrothed to a 3 year old who never left his side while in MD."
"My husband is a gamer. Always has been always will be. He loves Dungeons and Dragons, Gurps, and several other games that involve that type of thing. I had not had previous experience with them except to be taken as a guest to a game once or twice at which I had sat around saying \"What do I do now?\" and someone would reply \"Roll the dice\". I would roll the dice not really grasping it and they would shout out a number and something might die or not but I just didn't \"get it\". SO, in the spirit of making me understand why he loves games so much he took me to a convention called Origins in Columbus, Ohio."
"Stamps: Multi Step Iris, Whole Family (KSS)"
"A \"best of\" compilation, 1979-1982, appeared in 2007, pulling ten tracks from the two Alley Cats albums and nothing from either Zarkons record (although inexplicably excluding undeniable classics like \"Nothing Means Nothing,\" \"Too Much Junk,\" or \"Give Me A Little Pain\"). The accompanying DVD with five video clips is a nice touch, however, and this CD remains the only in-print example of The Alley Cats' work."
"As an avid reader of the beer writer Michael Jackson, and as a devout Europhile apart from beer, my travel experiences in Europe and my interest in the continent gave me insights that were unique, and contributed to a flair for forging contacts, cutting deals and making selections that played to these strengths."
"There’s got to be more than one kid in there!"
"I had all but given up the hope that I would write like that again, when last month, a new muse stirred somewhere deep inside of me. It was not a rebirth of my old muse. That muse was the muse of youth, a muse that gave voice to the hope of a life not yet lived. This muse is darker. This is a muse of life lived and lost. It is the muse of a decade of pain without a voice and the broken pieces it left behind."
"Peter rose to his feet as he responded, “Every generation has claimed to be greater than my God. They have all died, but my God remains.”"
"I'm off on a short, but much needed, holiday today but I wanted to leave you with something, as they say, for the weekend."
"Radiation affects the central nervous system, brain function and balance, along with human behavior, and all psycho-physical response in between. So flaring from the same star can cause us to feel nervous, anxious, jittery, dizzy, irritable, lethargic, exhausted, and suffer short-term memory lapses. We can sometimes even feel nauseous, distracted, and suffer headaches."
"Seriously, the kid rocks and I think he needs to know it. After the week at VBS, I started thinking about how important it is for our kids to know they are not an accident. Every gift, every feature, every circumstance in our lives is hand picked especially for us by the Lord. We need to remind our children of this daily!"
"It’s cake day! I’ve planned to make little iced petit fours, which I shall do in pastel shades, and they will be incredibly sweet and TFFKAML will love them and forgive me instantly!"
"Nails - Rebecca Jade Wilson @ Jedroot"
"When Isaac joined our family, he was escorted to the U.S., so we met him at the airport. (I do love a nice airport, and ATL has for years been a favorite, long before I lived here. And now it is so much more special. But I digress ...) Anyway, unbeknownst to me before we started the adoption journey, having your child escorted home--as opposed to traveling to South Korea to pick up your child--is highly controversial. It is one of those Korean-adoption hot topics. (Who knew?) I was (and still am) quite surprised at some of the things I read about folks' feelings regarding escorting. Believe it or not, like with a lot of parenting topics, people can be really judgmental, condescending and downright rude about the whole escorting thing, actually, but that's another post altogether. Anyway ..."
"Last year, Dylan went on ONE \"big kid\" ride - the Hot Air Balloons. So, naturally, we went on those first this time. But, then, he wanted to go on more \"big kid\" rides... and more... and more... One sad part was when he was told, after waiting in a long line, that he wasn't big enough to ride the bumper cars. Two little tears escaped one eye, before he regained his composure and put on a brave face. Jim and I don't do well on rides that spin. If the whole ride spins, that is usually okay, but if each individual car spins, that is usually NOT. Dylan really wanted to go on the Tilt-A-Whirl, so my mom went on it with him! That lady is amazing, I tell you!"
"This necklace comes with a free hello kitty pouch where you can store this necklace in, or use it as storage for your mp3/ipods."
"I'll have that fear again to face."
"I decided to go some place quiet today. Sit sometime in silence. The church I visited was closed. Another sign that one must endure and not escape. The taxi driver was sleepy and we almost had a brush with death twice. I hurt my right arm. Bruised my middle finger. It turned a deep shade of blue-green."
"My prayer this week:"
"Secondly, however, Dad was not at all a prude. It was made clear to me that there were certain books I was not yet allowed to read and movies I was not yet allowed to see because I was not yet mature enough to deal with the sexuality or nudity in them, but that when I was old enough to have solidified my moral compass it would be alright for me to encounter them. While the parents of some other strictly brought up Catholic kids I knew would fast forward through certain scenes in movies or black out sections of books, I was kept away from such things entirely until it was judged I was old enough to handle them, and then I'd be allowed to watch (usually with my Dad) or read all the way through."
"In other news, I've been going through our emergency supply--most of which expired in 2003--and restocking it with all the things we'll need when \"the big one\" hits. Is your emergency kit well stocked? It should be!"
"Then you get spotted with your dick in a piece of cheese by the young retarded lass that Safeway gets to use for free ('cause it's \"work experience\") to collect the trolleys from the car park and she starts screaming 'cause she's confused and a crowd gathers round, the bobby's come and take you away with the cheese in a zip lock bag, exhibit A. You make the front page of the local paper and have to register as a sex offender although no one got hurt and all the local kids throw Dairylea triangles at your house and call you Mayor McCheese.... Was it really worth it? Ostracized, an outcast, a pariah, it's all over."
"I know whose the winner in that scenario."
"et de la paix.”"
"Pages: The pages are a mess and are missing most of their content. There is a lot I want to include on this site, ideas and information relevant both to personal interaction and information on EDs. I'm mostly going to stick with the structure as-is, but if you have any suggestions of stuff you think should be covered, let me know. One thing in particular: I want to start collecting and organizing data on what I believe is the central issue for proana: living with an eating disorder without professional treatment. This includes self-help and self-guided recovery on one end of the spectrum, with \"embracing\" the eating disorder on the other."
"Your wife and children want for nothing – except the puppy that took precedence over the economy and took the place of your admission that you knew about the bonuses."
"Priests, paladins. I’m jealous."
"Nothing short of such an apology will be acceptable especially since it was the Prime Minister himself who has denied the Malaysian public to gather peacefully in Dataran Merdeka, which will have prevent any need for the unnecessary face-off with the police force. The decision by the BN Government is an unmitigated disaster, and Dato’ Seri Najib Razak who portrays himself as a reformist premier must take full responsibility for the Police fiasco."
"Middlesex Street, 'Petticoat Lane', is full of public housing, from interwar tenements to a remarkable mini-Barbican of walkways and towers. It's a sudden plunge right into real London, and vies with Poplar for the sharpest meeting of rich and poor in Europe. These places were largely owned by the LCC, now Tower Hamlets, and hence are left to rot. The City's own postwar housing projects, however, are still a revelation. It's incredible at this distance to think that the City could have paid for Golden Lane, for instance, a place where evidently some of London's working class manage to live well next to architects who are paying over the odds for the same flats. The Barbican, into which it imperceptibly fades along Goswell Lane, is a more complicated proposition, never public housing in the strict sense, although certainly not intended as the luxury enclave it is now. The Barbican, aside from the sheer pleasure of its Brutalist-Baroque grandeur, is mainly of use for deflecting every anti-modernist, anti-urban shibboleth going – a high density arrangement of towers and walkways, without an inch of 'defensible space', in beefy raw concrete, that is doing very well thank you (it's also, like the City itself, a wonderful place to get yourself deliberately lost on a Sunday)."
"It's getting time to brew again. But what to brew? Ahh, that's the question of the moment. Must give this question serious consideration."
"Paul Ryan, Please Write a Budget Like One That Jesus Would Write… Do You Remember Mitt Romney From the Campaign? We Can’t Forget What We Learned! Happy Arbor Day, USA! Mitt Romney & Paul Ryan: That’s Amore TGIF! Stephen Colbert – A Cool President – Colbert SuperPac(s)"
"We met up again with Tiffany and Ryan shortly after that. This zoo now has a sky glider that will take you from one side of the zoo to the other! Of course you don't get to see the animals up close though if you only go one way, so 3 of the kids took it round trip and we waited and waited and waited by the Rhinos who were sitting in a mud bath. But we got misted so it felt good."
"God, I hope so."
"Every single Rocky film that has ever been written had its script played out in full Champions League Technicolor fanfare as Chelsea the home-town, school of hard knocks-educated misfit somehow managed to defy all the odds and put the well-groomed, and expertly disciplined Champ away."
"She put mayonnaise on the BROWN SIDE!!! I should have known when I took my first bite.. I was thinking \"man.. this tastes extra crusty!\""
"Once the building begins, it's going to be 4 months before they finish so I'll have plenty of time to gather new ideas for my new place since a lot is going to be changing and I can't wait :D"
"surrounds its own gold"
"You won’t be asked about your lofty titles or degrees, but if the world was bettered in using your abilities."
"The vertical plywood components were spaced to avoid them or notched to allow them to function. dbd Studio (Design/Build/Develop) is located in the Washington, DC area specializing in restaurant/retail and custom furniture."
"1 & 1/3 cups sugar (approximate; see below*)"
"The Boca Raton Forum recently posted a nice article about Field of Flowers. We are very proud of our designers and their designs…"
"In addition to Twirl the fragrance, there's also a whole Twirl collection, that includes sequins, baubles, bows, and even the perfect red lipstick! Everything a girl needs to prepare for the upcoming holiday season. (I can't believe I just said that!) Check out the video that screams New Year's Eve!"
"Everyone who calls on the name of the LORD will be saved"
"2 1/2 teaspoons baking powder"
"How fair soe’er it grew"
"and the piano’s out of tune."
"It's to be expected, I guess. We'd bought it when they first came out, and we use it ALL the time - every day for 4 hours +. So for it to be acting up now is really not a surprise."
"Hobsbawm’s main argument is that this period witnessed a massive advance in the world economy, in industrial capitalism, in the social order it represented, and in the ideas and beliefs which seemed to legitimize it – science, progress and liberalism. The study is divided thematically with a prelude focusing on the Revolutions of 1848, part one examining the social, economic, and political developments of the time, and part two exploring the results of these developments. According to Hobsbawm, who is an affirmed Marxist, 1848 sets the tone for this period and it is primarily the failure of the revolutions that enable capitalism’s advancement. Hobsbawm understands the revolutions as heterogeneous with each nation desiring a different political outcome; however, he also suggests that the revolutionaries throughout Europe consisted of the laboring poor whose demands frightened the liberals and the moderates into negotiations and agreements with the old regimes. Thus, for the author, 1848 failed because the confrontation was not between old regimes and progress but between order and social revolution and the liberal moderates preferred order."
"I'm about 3/4 of the way done with clearing the weeds and dead stuff. As soon as that is done, then the fun part begins! I've seen deer up here, so will have to find some pretty stuff to put in that they won't eat. Any ideas out there?"
"And they watched very quietly. Companies like Lulu and others advertised \"Self-Publishing\", \"POD\" and \"Vanity Publishing\". Call it what you will that is what it was called in those days. The term \"Indie\" did not exist. And it was \"self publishing\". And while the publishers and agents were waiting for the soup to be delivered at their little party, Amazon went ahead and started watching the growth of these companies. The public began to vote with their wallets. Sure, 99.9% of those books were not used for anything and never got read, but, and this but is huge, people were saying, \"I don't care! I want my book published, and waiting around to try and find an agent and a publisher is futile.\" Is Lulu and others like it, a publisher? Or are they just glorified printing machines? Hmmm....well we will look at that further in this article."
"All I need for my delicious strawberry shake is:"
"Hebrews was to discourage Jewish Christians from going back to the sacrifices of Judaism, because they had everything they needed to deal with sin in the Church. That's why the last chapter says “We have an altar from which those who serve the tabernacle have no right to eat” (13:10). Clearly, the implication is that we do have the right to eat of this altar. It is absurd to pretend this has nothing to do with the Eucharist. We do have an altar.)"
"When it's done, transfer the meatloaf to a heated platter and let it rest for about 5 minutes before slicing it. Since it's usually just the Hubbs and me for dinner, I'll just throw in a couple of baked potatoes along with it, or if I'm in the mood, I'll make mashed/smashed or twice baked. This time, I made oven roasted herbed potatoes (recipe to follow) because they just happen to be someone's favorites. Can you guess who? LOL Serve it with your favorite sides and enjoy!"
"Yes, I am alive in case any of you were wondering. We have been busy cleaning out 20 years of \"stuff\" from our house. I have to say that I am not one to keep a lot of things that I am not using. I have been known to give things away and then want them back later, but I can assure you that Hubbie has never, ever done that. He has sentimental attachments to all kinds of things, so getting him to participate in the purge has not been all that easy, but he is coming along."
"May Our God The"
"Bake 40 to 45 minutes or until brownies begin to pull away from sides of pan. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Cut into bars. Makes 4 big brownies or 8-12 cut servings."
"If you are a Kindle reader, do you know about Pixel of Ink, a source for bargain and free Kindle books? Free books are offered daily, I believe three times a day as a rule. They don't always remain free so checking daily is a good habit."
"try do the following:"
"Michael Jackson then proceeds to spin around on the spot whilst shouting in my direction -"
"I thought about Peanut Butter, blueberry and Strawberry jello cake. But that seems a little outdated."
"Give me all of your morphine."
"Most of this type of advice had the same theme: \"Now that you are a parent, the needs of your children are more important than your needs. The time for being selfish about what you want is over.\" I see where this comes from, I even see a certain nobility in it; after all, many parents exhibit behaviors throughout the lives of their children that make connecting as a family nearly impossible. For many years, getting married and having children have been portrayed in our society as \"rites of passage\", in which we are expected to put aside our old behaviors in order to grow up and become more mature. Many of the rituals we have adopted as a society enforce this concept; think about large graduation and bachelor parties, for example. It is easy to view marriage and having children as passages, when we move from a time of relative selfishness and irresponsibility to a time of maturity and growth. And because this move is \"traumatic\" for some people (which is often assumed, regardless of whether or not it's true), people feel free to offer advice on how best to adjust quickly and thoroughly. New parents are often told to stop thinking of themselves so they can focus on their children. Many try to do just that - and it's easy to do, given all of the demands of parenting, especially in the first few years."
"Our green cleaning products are an important part of our company’s culture, and many other companies as well. But how do you go green in your everyday life? I know that I often struggle with this very question myself, so I decided to do some research and came up with some very simple solutions."
"Add Eggs & beat well"
"And there are plenty of other spaces to tackle -- the bookshelves, the fiber cubbies, perhaps even the spindle racks (yikes! not those!) But I know, too, that focus comes in baby steps. Today was huge -- taking the pictures, researching second-hand pricing on the items, getting them posted on my website, ravelry, and weavolution. So now I will let myself enjoy the progress, not worry about the work remaining."
"I was meeting a person at work who also had a secret, but one he was eager to share. ‘An important project’ that he thought could bring significant improvements to the company, as long as some key people supported his idea."
"He said the neighbours heard his mother's cries for help."
"My self-absorbed, evil heart started firing off judgments like an automatic rifle. And without exchanging a word with them, I found myself becoming annoyed by their presence. But when the two men received their food, I noticed they took a moment to pray over it before they began eating. And with that I realized these men I’d been judging so severely were, most likely, my brothers in Christ."
"Anyways, do forgive me for not perfecting the recipe first before posting it. I will definitely tweak it to get more of that lava flowing out of the cake. If you've never tried a lava cake then you have to make this recipe. I can't promise you won't get addicted though!"
"Further developments took place during the 1930's and after with the construction of an admissions hospital and convalescent villas to the south, extended Nurse's home to the west of the main building and the wartime emergency medical service huts close to the main gate, later Ryhope General hospital. The site became Cherry Knowle hospital on being incorporated into the National Health Service in 1948. Later developments under the NHS included a new boiler house and further staff accomodation within the groundsm."
"For those who like to keep score, after this lesson we are at 40/2136 Jōyō Kanji."
"And if he’s cruel, miserly, bad-tempered, violent or simply doesn’t suit, she will reject him."
"All and all, this was a quick read–and despite having been written for younger minds, it is anything but easy. The plot is complex (though if you have read his Percy Jackson series, it’s not too unpredictable.) the characters are lovable and humorous and the research is well done. I was actually impressed with the amount of knowledge about the Egyptian mythology this novel must have taken to write. So many Gods, so many rules, and all jam-packed into one page-turning adventure."
"preheat oven to 350 degrees. in a stand or electric mixer beat the butter and sugars until light and fluffy. slowly beat in the eggs and vanilla until well combined. in a large bowl combine the flour, cinnamon toast crunch cereal, baking powder and salt. slowly add to wet ingredients along with the white chips until just combined."
"Simple. Childlike. Innocent."
"Once Zimmerman was out of his vehicle and on foot, did Zimmerman initiate the contact with Martin or did Martin initiate the contact with Zimmerman?"
"The researchers caution that the findings don’t mean that climate change will not have an impact on stream temperature, which is a fundamental driver of ecosystem processes in streams. However, the relationship between air temperatures and stream temperatures may be more complex than previously realized and require additional monitoring."
"The feeling of their tongues intertwining sent shivers down Gislenus’s spine. Only now did he notice Caleb was practically sitting in his lap. Somehow, Gislenus didn’t think this was going to be just a pure make-out session. But he let it happen anyway, weary of when Caleb took it too far."
"Martha is so darn cute when she's geographically- (and historically)-challenged. I didn't have the heart to tell her that Sylvania is a town in Finland where they make lightbulbs."
"This easy repetition of the crowds’ opinion of Jesus is not enough. Now Jesus asks what the disciples themselves think. They have been close witnesses of Jesus’ words and deeds, entrusted with the secrets of the kingdom of God (Mark 4:11). What has their special access taught them?"
"As much as I want to hate Bobby Flay (which is a lot), every time he proves me wrong. Every recipe or restaurant that I’ve tried of his has been comforting, spicy, and really well made. Thusly, damn you Bobby Flay! *shaking fist toward the sky!*"
"We favored the tiny little dive bars on West Fourth Street.. The one's housed in decrepit 19th century townhouses, painted blue or pink. A little neon sign, almost hidden in the shadows, then, a sharp flight of stairs leading to a lower level. Inside and it was 1955 all over again. Old school cocktail shakers, wooden bar, turquoise banquettes, and place mats with drinks like Tom Collins and the Grasshopper. We stayed at the bar. I drank vodka, but he, a bit of a pussy, drank white wine."
"This afternoon at 3pm I'll be presenting to the community drafts of two alternative designs for a new communal garden on the grounds of the Parsonage, a landmarked historic building, on the grounds of the Flatbush Reformed Church."
"An assortment of tools that could come in handy if only I knew what to use them for!"
"When he died, my sisters and I were to go through his house alone and pick whatever we wanted. We had passed through his empty, cold kitchen (checked the fridge for beer, and sure enough–no food either) and through a yellow blanketed door, the blanket that used to close in his side of the bedroom at the old farmhouse when we were little toddlers, and into his room. A bare mattress, like before. I remember thinking of the time I broke into his house when I was in my teens, because I was angry, because my stepfather was watching me shower and because I had recurring memories of molestation from the early early years. I was angry. Angry because he left us. Because he left us defenseless to him. Because he was a serious alcoholic. Because he had been so scared and shy and gentle when we were so little. We got what we wanted, he shushed us, he was too embarrassed to help us in the bath–Grandma Helen had to wash us. Because when he tried to quit drinking in order to have visiting rights, he showed up at our house in tears because he couldn’t, and because he wanted us. Our parents were at the door talking to him and my sisters huddled in the kitchen, listening and crying and looking at each other. We weren’t thinking ‘he couldn’t do it’, we were thinking ‘he still wants us…someone truly wants us–they’re crying for us.’ When he went away, rejected, we went up to our rooms in the creaky house, and sat by ourselves. I wasn’t surprised that he couldn’t stop, my mother had told us how it was a disease. I was surprised that after these ten years, he still wanted us–enough so that he cried. And as we went through his messy room, we bee-lined it for his closet and each took out a shirt, smelled it, and sobbed. It was hardest for Nikki, my older sister. I’d never seen her like that before–in shock. Her daddy (she was his favorite; actually for awhile he denied Jodie and I were his, he’d carry her when she was two to the old bonneville and make me crawl in the dirt across the driveway, my mother yelling at him from the porch). Her daddy she couldn’t save was gone."
"50g chocolate chips"
"\"They can’t do it. It’s the jack-of-all-trades-master-of-none thing. Digital marketing is fragmented across mobile and the Web and so on. They can’t be experts in every area.\""
"PEACE. Ashtar. Beth and Mark www.GalacticRoundTable.com"
"For the cheeks, I used a soft berry colored blush from Maybelline and Golden Bronze iridescent loose powder as my highlight."
"Obscenity flaw flaps my jaw, spitting out these words of ponder and doubt"
"You saw me before I was born."
"We're still fairly busy, as we have the whole getting ready for Hallowe'en thing going on, and we will be out at the Community Center for a free Hallowe'en party and haunted house. The Nestling Sparrow has been practicing being a ghost and scaring people. We got him a pirate outfit, but I think he has decided to be a ghost pirate (\"Arrrrrr! Boooo! Did I scare you? Did I scare you?\"). The Fledgling Sparrow is dressing up in my Ren Faire outfit. She doesn't have the norks to fill the bodice out, but what can you do?"
"We had discussed getting a new SUV with a third row. Having seen the commericals for the Chevy Traverse, I was smitten. This could be the car that saved us from minivans. It could fit seven (or eight) comfortably. I could have room for two car seats plus all their stuff and still have more then one other adult in the car with us."
"But, they all worked very well together."
"3. Taking refuge in Sainte-Anne-de-la-Butte-aux-Cailles, I spent about ten minutes fiddling around with my camera trying to get some atmospheric shots of the candles in front of the altar while Nancy, a talented photographer, patiently waited for me to finish. Not able to remember what was supposed to be so special about the church, I whipped out my iPhone to look at Patrimap, one of my favorite free apps for information about Paris. After reading a short bit about the history of the church, I reached the part I wanted:"
"Is your writer’s block real, or are you just giving a name to the manifestation of a few other things that are getting in your way? Worth a look…"
"The old woman smiled, this is how I used to live you know, she said. 'Petra motioned the old woman to follow her. As 'Petra moved from the bedroom to through the hall, dining room and stopping in the lounge snapping her fingers on the way. Everything transformed. The dirty carpets turned into gorgeous wood and marble flooring, wallpaper was repaired and cleaned, chandeliers aglow and sparkly, furniture sparkling clean and the air clean and fresh. The high ceilings, stuccowork and paneled walls looked like it had in it's heyday 20 years earlier. It looked amazing, and just like 'Petra remembered."
"I’ve attached a photo of me wearing this foundation!"
"Combination bachelorette party/bridal shower weekends are ideal for groups of friends that are spread out over the country. Since I grew up in Florida, went to college in North Carolina and now live in New York, weddings take me all over the East Coast, so travel has become a necessary part of these events. I’m not going to lie—it’s much more difficult to plan events from afar, but it’s possible! And may I strongly recommend Savannah, GA, for ladies in the South."
"Learn more about financing your long-term care by contacting the experienced elder law attorneys at Janna Dutton & Associates."
"Katy: “I, like most of you ladies on here, have just become a lipstick wearer within the past year. I’ve dabbled in this and that, but my most FAVORITE lipstick is this one from Victoria’s Secret. It’s pink with a nice touch of glitter/shimmer. And it looks SO HOT in the summer with sun-kissed skin. I definitely recommend this!”"
"There's probably a Thai girl behind that tiger"
"I took a piece of drop cloth fabric that I had left over that had been washed and bleached a few times and I made it into a tote bag using another one as an example."
"Guthrie: OMG Wisconsin may finally"
"I went to Queens College CUNY and graduated with my Bachelors & Masters degree in Education. I've completed my 30 credits through online courses as well. I enjoy cooking, shopping, vacationing, and being with my family and friends..."
"If you have to give a lecture on a topic of your choice, what would it be?"
"(13) Know how to Mic Check: One easy way to convey information to large groups of people is by using the People’s Mic. One person (or a few people) first yell ¨Mic Check!¨ Everyone who hears them responds by echoing ¨Mic Check!¨ After that, one person says a few words and pauses to let the crowd repeat those words. If you hear someone mic check, let them know by repeating too; that way, the people around you can also listen. However, if you disagree with what someone is saying, you don’t have to repeat it. This is a useful way to make spontaneous, democratic decisions. However, you should also be aware that false or misleading information can sometimes spread quickly this way, so don’t assume something is true just because it was said over the People’s Mic. (Hint: If you hear people chanting ¨Shame!¨ or ¨The whole world is watching!¨ it often means that police brutality and/or arrests are happening nearby. If you’re trying to avoid arrest, go the other way. Or, if you want to help or document, head over!)"
"Yesterday senior politicians clashed over the case – with one former Labour MP claiming police and social workers ignored complaints because they were ‘petrified of being called racist’."
"More lovely flowers, honestly, my house is just full of them now!"
"In brief, religions that are “here” religions tend to be domestic in focus. The officiants at “here” religions are the heads of families (in the ancient world, usually the eldest male/pater familias), the focus is various parts of the home, including the home shrine (but also encompassing the hearth, the threshold, bedrooms on certain occasions, and other locations), and the concerns of “here” religions are expectably domestic issues like birth and death, the health and well-being of the family, and of material abundance and prosperity. “There” religions are temple-based, and often communal in nature; as a result, they have recognized and trained (or at least communally acknowledged and nominated) sacred specialists–i.e. “priests” and other religious functionaries–as well as particular rules of engagement, including ideas about purity, persons to include or exclude for various reasons, acceptable ways to interact with the deities in temple-space, and so forth. The focus of “there” religions can overlap with that of “here” religious activities, but the overall tendency is to be less individual and familial and more communal, whether this is “communal” on a local or civic level, a more national or regional level, or in a more international fashion. The Eleusinian Mysteries and cultus of Greece would fit this model perfectly. “Anywhere” religions, however, are another matter altogether, because they can involve practitioners doing their practices wherever they happen to be. As a result, the theological notions that accompany these religions tend to be ones of omniscience or omnipresence of deities, or at least the ability to be able to contact deities wherever one happens to be regardless of the availability of a temple, shrine, or community. These types of religion tend to arise during periods in which there is a great deal of cultural contact and movement–often in the context of transnational empires–and they are popular amongst groups of people who tend to be widely traveled, like soldiers, merchants, or imperial bureaucrats and officials. Both Christianity and the Mithraic cultus fall into this category."
"Is there a chance that this is a coincidence??? I’m not sure. But I would love to speak with you."
"Before the screening of Lebanon, Akiva Tor invoked the memory of the late Yitzchak Rabin, paraphrasing remarks Israel’s current Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu made at the memorial service held at Herzl cemetery in Israel. Bibi described how Rabin united the Israeli populace, evolving from a security hawk to a peace-seeking, and more importantly peace-believing dove. Despite media portrayals to the contrary, Netanyahu emphasized that Israel is less polarized today than it was when Rabin was its leader. Living through the collective trauma of the collapse of Oslo and the Second Intifada, the Right understands the Left better today, with the reverse being equally true. He ended by noting that the country is in fact more like Rabin today."
"But, he admitted, had the family associated"
"They intend to include meercats, elephants, black bears, lions, grey whales and many others during this ambitious series."
"Nutrition Facts calculated at SparkPeople recipe calculator Amount Per Serving Calories 133.5 Total Fat 12.2 g Saturated Fat 7.6 g Polyunsaturated Fat 0.5 g Monounsaturated Fat 3.5 g Cholesterol 45.6 mg Sodium 156.3 mg Potassium 125.1 mg Total Carbohydrate 3.8 g Dietary Fiber 0.0 g Sugars 3.0 g Protein 2.6 g"
"You see, the Acte de Base states an AGM or EGM has to be called by registered letter. Oh yes. So on receipt of the email convocation, Ms B knocked on syndic's door to say they would not attend, as the meeting had not been convened according to the rules."
"While they're baking, make your cinnamon sugar (1/2 cup granulated sugar mixed with about 1tsp of ground cinnamon), and pour it into a paper bag. When the churros come out of the oven, let them cool just enough so you can handle them. Put a couple at a time into the bag and shake to coat with cinnamon sugar. Enjoy them while they're warm with a glass of milk!!"
"I'm excited to have Sheepherders bread in the Los Angeles area now...along with some delicious sandwiches and baked goods."
"6. Tonsils - Another pain causing organ found in your mouth."
"The original brief for this post posed 2 key questions which I’m going to attempt to answer one step at a time. Its generating similar feelings to the appraisals I used to have when I was employed and boy did they make me sweat!"
"Then my special events class is pretty crazy too. we are two weeks away from the event and my teacher is mad that we ran into some problems with the venue so late… she wanted us to visit the venue during the first few weeks and people in my group kept saying they were going to and then never did. so we decided to go during class time one day and we ran into some problems. so now we are all stressed that we have extra things to figure out… and there are only two weeks left!"
"Well! I figured out how to put a tent in the yard and not offend any of the 1% on my street. (I jest! They're not the 1%; just Republicans.) I would decorate the tent with Christmas ornaments, maybe a string of lights powered by a bicycle generator. Who could object?"
"I'm heading to Portland, OR for the Spring Beer Festival so I'm doing some planning. I need to decide which Texas beers to take for trading. I'm thinking:"
"By that logic you need to be a hobbit to buy Lord of the Rings."
"I’m a whiskey man at heart, but I have to admit that the real sweet spot for small scale, artisinal distilling is brandy, and I’m looking forward to seeing what everybody is doing, and what they have to say about it."
"In the pacman game, if only to spend all the points in the track is very easy. Well, here the thrill, you…..[read more]"
"Reminds me, ever so peripherally, of an all-women event i attended a year or so back, which involved flash cotton and not a lot of body cover. All perfectly good natured fun – and quite impossible, i think, had blokes been present."
"If you’re reading this on Feedblitz, Facebook, or Amazon, please come to the blog to leave your comment if you want to be included in the drawing. Here’s a link."
"2006, and enjoyed a first success 13 months later when Tristernagh landed a novice hurdle at Downpatrick on May 18, 2002. But he struggled for winners over the next two years before a more productive 2004/05 campaign persuaded Lynch to turn professional at the end of July, 2005. He recorded a first Grade One success when scoring on the Jim Dreaper-trained Notre Pere in the Knight Frank Ganly Walters Novice Chase at Leopardstown in December, 2007. He posted a first big-race success in Britain in March, 2006, when he partnered the Ado McGuinness-trained Victram to success in the Imperial Cup at Sandown and he was also on board Notre Pere when he triumphed in the 2008 Welsh National at Chepstow. Lynch has enjoyed a pair of wins at the Cheltenham Festival in both 2010 and 2011, including the superb victories of Sizing Europe in the Arkle Trophy Chase and the sportingbet.com Queen Mother Champion Chase. Lynch is also bidding to complete a notable Derby-Grand National double, having won the amateur Derby on Tender Falcon at Epsom Downs in August, 2004."
"It's good to have the opportunity to take people just as I find them in the moment, without obligation, and it's good that they do the same for me. If we take to each other, and other things come up in conversation, then we can go further, but there's no pressure or expectation that comes just from being there."
"The affirmation and celebration of extreme individualism, instant self-gratification, and alienation from one another and nature characteristic of the contemporary Western worldview resonates with the primitive core of the human brain, commonly known as the reptilian brain. This is the site of our most basic, individualistic, and predatory hide, fight, or flight survival instincts unmediated by the more highly evolved mammalian brain that is the source of our human capacity for compassion and bonding and the neocortical brain where our distinctive human capacity for self-awareness and reason resides."
"But don’t let the two-hour running time make you think you don’t get a full dose of excellent poetry. Along with the slammers, our audience will be treated to a feature performance from Dwayne Morgan, probably Canada’s highest-profile Black spoken word artist with roots in the slam community. He will be gracing the stage with his artistry as Toronto continues its celebration of Black culture during Afrikan Heritage Month."
"Shah said the men had met a police agent at a beachfront hotel and negotiated a price for the sale of the horn. The agent, he said, had asked to see the horn. The men took the agent to their vehicle opposite the old Natal Command site. The horn was on the back seat of the vehicle."
"Emotionally frozen I can’t handle. Throw plates at me, shout, slam doors but purleeeese do not give me the silent treatment. Unless you want to reduce me to nothing. Well, GG (gay guy) did it. He wooed me like few women will be wooed. And, three years later, and three years ago, he tossed me aside like he does his MACs and ipods. I didn’t know I came with an obsolence factor like a stocking with its inbuilt ladder. To paint the canvas: No one but no one, not male not female, tosses me aside. Sure, sometimes ties of friendship loosen. In an organic way. Not a violent severing. He broke my heart. He didn’t glance backwards once. But that’s the upper end of emotional autism for you. The one I can’t handle."
"Funny thing about life, time and our perceptions of it all. I think it's funny that we interact with deadlines. That we judge ourselves by our stage of completion in approximation to deadlines becomes absurd in the face of the finality of most human endeavors. Are we trying to demonstrate foresight? Are we priming ourselves to be the pinnacle of human punctuality? Are we covering our ass? Maybe it's a combination of all."
"So naturally, I was extremely nervous to tackle 30 \"intermediate level\" miles."
"Today's special at my web site is this:"
"(And I have to thank Jennifer, my friend who helped provide the adorable"
"Which authors do you like to read? What books are currently stacked in your \"To Be Read\" pile right now?"
"3) I will just have to make a bunch more shows to make this one seem less significant in my mind. It's the first one, it's a bit of a rehearsal for the rest of my program. If I didn't nail it, it won't matter in the larger picture."
"Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise."
"Bringing It Down: Bottlenecks and Levers"
"This story was reported on NPR last Sunday but I forgot to bring it up. Now that Instapundit has linked to it, though, here it is: we are about to lose our ability to send out deep space probes due to a lack of specialized plutonium fuel. If I have the NPR story right (and the link is to Popular Science which will have it right), we haven’t made any of this stuff since the 19080s and we have enough of it left for one, maybe two more flights. After that, nothing, and it will take at least eight years to make more."
"I love looking at promo ads for inspiration. Here are some of my other faves for the clean classic look."
"Data Form 1 would not save like I created it so it is in PDF format. If you would like to have an editable form, please email me and I will see what we can do. I am leaving the 2nd form in the editable format so you can change it to fit your needs."
"2) A house where all the phone handsets are missing."
"I got to play with the lovely La Blanche stamps, met some super people and got asked back next year.... can't have done that badly then can I???"
"“Then you can do the graveyard part without me,” I said. “I’m not going into any cemetery to get dirt, especially at midnight, and certainly not Old Cemetery. That place is dangerous. You’d break your neck in there. They wouldn’t even have to bury you because you’d already be in a chuck hole up to your eyeballs and covered with weeds. Place is creepy, too.”"
"Another science fiction/mecha entry to this season is Mouretsu Pirates. Set in a distant future on a colonized world, Marika Katou (Komatsu Mikako) is a student, Space Yacht Club member, and works part-time at a high-class retro cafe. She is visited by two strange people who are friends of her mother, Ririka Katou (Kaida Yuko). They have come to pay respects to someone the three knew, and also serve Marika with an edict, she is to inherit the space battleship Benten Maru, a pirate ship from the war for independence a century ago, where pirate ships were pressed into service under a special agreement to defend the colony. By law, when a captain dies, the ship is turned over to a direct decedent. To add further enigma, a new transfer student, Chiaki Kurihara (Hanazawa Kana) appears at Marika’s job and seems to have some sort of business with her, but gets caught up in a fight among some tough dudes looking for Marika."
"( since you're EARLY )"
"donor-donor (I need a love transfusion)"
"This muddying of the cohorts often results in findings that are meaningless."
"What allowed me to bring those flowers in here to start with was dunking them - flower end down, into cold water, to the full depth of the stem. Keeping them there for at least a minute. Shaking them, giving them a bit of a swirly, then giving them a once over to see if there was anything still on them."
"Please accept our apologies for what you and your wife experienced on our Route 86 tram. Just as your questions are based on the predication that the police could not have possibly taken so long to respond to our call for assistance (and the cause for delay must have been within Yarra Trams), our Fleet Operator also believed that police would be available to meet with the tram in a timely manner. Regrettably in this instance, there were no police officers available to attend to the tram until 7:20pm, which contributed to the negative experience of those customers onboard the first Route 86 tram."
"In this book, Tonika escorts you into other worlds and dimensions, explaining her own remarkable experiences with the paranormal, embracing past life regression, ghosts, angel and spirit guides. She also encourages you along your own journey of self-recovery and understanding. A journey in which you can discover your own connection with the Universe and the many different dimensions contained within Creation."
"Dietary approaches for ovarian cancer include vegetarianism, the raw food diet, and macrobiotics. Cancer diets generally emphasize raw and fresh fruits, vegetables, whole grains, beans, and peas."
"A picture of me last year and now and how I have changed since then…"
"Do share your own thoughts as they relate to the memories your loved one shares; Don’t monopolize the conversation."
"skwilli said..."
"Through it all."
"Here at DITHOB we've pondered the future of books -- we know folks will always read, it is simply a question of format. For example, we asked what will be the future of the book reading/book signing ? Will the physical tome remain as a collectible artifact, sort of like making an appearance on the NY Times website or blog, and also making it into the NY Times daily paper (since the two are not congruent)? Will their be some evolution of the author's electronic signature that will pulse, neon-like, in the corner of your e-reader? More here"
"We discovered adorable postcard shops in Les Halles and picked up a few souvenirs. We roamed aimlessly at night, along streets illuminated by the soft glow of lampposts, and past the Seine disturbed only by quiet ripples."
"I also finally finished my easter-themed Spring packet, Blooming in Spring! I have some kiddos that still struggle with phonemic awareness, and are just now hearing the initial sounds in words! So, I created a initial sound sort for them, and for some of my highers kiddos I did an initial and final sound activity, where they have to put the correct letters at the beginning or the end. It also comes with a recording sheet and much more! Check it out!"
"Throughout her career, Caroline Munro repeatedly tried to break into the music business. In actual fact, prior to ever getting into modelling or acting and while still at school at the age of 16, she recorded a cover version of Tar and Cement together with Eric Clapton, Ginger Baker and Jack Bruce of Cream and Steve Howes of Yes as backing musicians. For a good while that single has been something of a Holy Grail for Munro Collectors as it was quite difficult to trace and also proved expensive enough due to her now famous fellow musicians involved in it at the start of their own careers but nothing stays obscure for too long these days and it has since found its way to YouTube and elsewhere. It’s a cheerful ditty tune that will keep you humming throughout the day and quite possibly the best song she has ever recorded."
"It's an -ism. I totally admit that."
"I just finished going over the online proofs of my images and text for Diagram magazine. Sorry – not allowed to share the proofs page (you’ll just have to wait). I enjoy popping in to the Diagram online presence. It’s an art and literary magazine organized around odd diagrams and everything diagram like. It’s about the most fun I’ve had reading a journal online (though I wish the one with the gumballs hadn’t gone kaput). I’ve found that most of the small press editors are pretty good-natured, and I’ve learned something about Arizona’s experiment in camel mail. Perhaps even something true."
"What is it About a Medical Uniform?"
"‘‘(g) DEFINITIONS.—In this section:"
"There's dancing"
"That was a different time"
"not least please understand that all sizes do not fit in legging, tights whatever you want to call them."
"ISBN CD: 9781455869749 (Unabridged)"
"But these same pigs may have left a terrifying invisible legacy. In their book, “The Hernando de Soto Expedition,” Ann Romenofsky and Patricia Galloway suggest that millions of Native people died because they lacked previous exposure to swine borne diseases, This previous exposure was critical in building their immune systems against the deadly diseases. These diseases include brucellosis, anthrax, leptospirosis, tuberculosis, trichinosis, cysticercosis and various strains of flu. Considering the fact that many swine diseases can be transmitted to deer and even turkeys, the two most important food animals used by southeastern Indians, the likelihood that this occurred becomes even greater."
"I wanted Shimer to improve me. If anything it has done the opposite."
"therefore i am eager to do exactly so"
"The scary part is that had the Iranians succeeded, Saudi Arabia and Iran would surely have either gone to war, perhaps dragging the U.S. in too, or tensions would have escalated to a point of no return, with each nation on edge and severe jockeying in the Islamic world. This is scary because Iran and Saudi Arabia are major oil producing and exporting nations, and any war between them would have been disastrous for world oil markets."
"Michael on the phone with his brother Brad: Did you see the NYT article about Lawrence v. Texas? Is the American public really so stupid that they don’t know heterosexuals violate the sodomy laws all the time? Brad, you need to get out of Georgia. Do you want to stay with us?"
"All of this, however, has to be viewed in the context of the complete and utter failure of the Afghanistan campaign, typified by the experience of the Kajaki power project in Afghanistan, as narrated by the BBC's Mark Urban on yesterday's Newsnight, and repeated today in a BBC documentary."
"This intuitive self-discipline is of great use in the studio, but like any discipline requires vigilance to maintain. Balancing doubt must be a certain degree of faith in the absurd activity of painting itself."
"review for our Holiday Gift Guide on Luscious Deals."
"Do you remember those Special K commercials? Those ads have haunted me for years and I've been skinny most of my life. I can't imagine how they affected people who weren't thin. Even now, I'm in excellent shape, not from dieting, but from exercise and eating real food, but I can still \"pinch an inch\". On both sides. At the same time."
"According to WEDO, not only did gender texts increase (peaking at 40 plus) in negotiating documents, but so did women’s participation."
"It is a strange feeling – this looking backward and forward at the same time. I marvel at the daily measure of grace I am given to walk in peace with my own mother. I hope that eventually you and I can come to that same place of grace in our own relationship. Just remind me when things get hard between us that it took me a good 32 years to finally reach that point with my own mother."
"Tomorrow morning.”"
"There is that perfectly cool spritzy lager straight from the bottle with a lump of crusty bread, oozy, smelly cheese and fresh, herbaceous, yielding tomatoes drowning in oil, basil and black pepper in the shimmering sun on holiday in France. Crickets chirruping, the smell of hot, resiny pine trees, the prickle of the carbonation waking your palette up and slaking your thirst"
"He even has a storage area where the former kitchen cabinets now reside. The two gray bins are going back with me to Jacksonville the next time I come down. We gathered up all as many items as possible that my Dad either didn't like or wasn't needed in his place. The house was full of lighthouses, in the form of little statues, plaques, wall decor, dishtowels, etc. He wasn't too keep on keeping all of that. The decorations in the house were also pretty girly. Tea cups and saucers and tons of items with flowers. We deflowered the place :)"
"what more apt than to think"
"turns"
"Bludsworth’s testimony in Herron’s trial showed Herron was his direct supervisor and Bludsworth took orders from him. In the testimony, Bludsworth also stated that he felt his job was in jeopardy from remarks made by Herron and “there ain’t but one way in the town of New Brockton and that’s the mayor’s way.”"
"were a shifting barrier island between"
"I already know God's got His hand on You"
"The Greatest Sacrifice"
"OFFENSE"
"me: \"are you kidding? i LOVE this set. but, i was turned down when i cabeceo'ed Kemor8a. so now i have to sit out.\""
"My pastor broke up with his wife of over 35 years 5 or 6 times before they got married because they fought so much. If fighting was all it was….I know we could have gotten through it."
"Offline reviews: 5"
"- Gil"
"Widmer Brothers Brewing Co Portland Noggin Grog Imperial Wit takes the Belgian Wit to the extreme with its 9% ABV Noggin’ Grog"
"Instead, I mostly watched movies and knit."
"Start by working two parallel rows of back stitch about 1/2 inch apart. They should be exactly even in length (one reason I used a fabric with a very visible weave) and the second row should have the end of one stitch directly in line with the center of the stitch above it."
"pull-outs under the sink"
"As I’ve mentioned before, I work graves at the local production dairy, doing all those fun tests that need to be run on milk before it can go out to the general public for sale. Working overnight and trying to take care of a toddler does not mesh well. This was going to be a point of panic for me initially; although my daycare is a 24-hour facility, I would have to sleep at some point during the day and I could not leave a 3-year-old unattended while I slept."
"When you make a personal color chart, use the paper YOU use most often. If you print it out on a different paper some colors may not look the same, especially on thicker cardstocks. Keep this in mind when matching colors across media as well. You won't get it exact without some trial and error."
"Classic Epicureanism, despite the way the word is used today, was not hedonism as we commonly think of it. Epircuius taught that if chase “unstable” pleasures, we will be radically unhappy. The only true pleasures which cannot be taken away from us are “stable” pleasures, and these are those which anyone can have access to. These are the pleasures of money, power, fame, or anything which extends beyond the sheer pleasure of existing in the present moment. If we hope or fear for the future, or remain torn by regrest or guilt from the past, we will ruin the way the present is full of joy. See the world, experience it as a gift at each moment. No-one can take this away. All you need for happiness is right here. Right now."
"Hodge said the switch to a clothing-optional resort is a last-ditch effort to save his business. Snowbirds flock to rent condos where they avoid the bed taxes hotel guests have to pay, and his 32-room motel struggles to compete with larger chains that he said were “building hotels like it was going out of fashion.”"
"winking in and out,"
"Free Food for Millionaires has been on my to-read list for a couple of years. Deeply immersive, it follows Casey Han, daughter of Korean immigrants, as she struggles to find her place in America. Casey wants desperately to be rich -- or possibly, she just wants to be everything her parents are not. Whatever one's nationality or upbringing, it is a common thing among those in their twenties to struggle for identity. If I could tell Casey -- and every other twenty-something in the world -- something right now, it would be: Let it go. Stop fighting and enjoy each day. With time comes some sort of wisdom and grace, so allow time to flow. And for heaven's sake, follow your heart. You'll wish you did later on."
"That means the mini origami boxes are out. It also means the yarn ball ornaments are out. Maybe I'll have to do something completely different than what I had thought of at first! Time will tell. I think my friend Kat had something on her blog that would work very, very well...and so I will think more on it."
"-EISNERAMPER LLP-"
"They would pronounce it fever."
"Tik is definitely a talking point, HAHA!"
"So this year when Randy asked \"What are we going to do for our anniversary?\" I said: \"Let's go to New York City. With the kids.\" Now usually the two of us go to the mountains, rent a little cabin with a hot tub, do a little hiking, grill steaks, etc. But somehow, this year seemed like the year for NYC."
"(Why did it take us so long to think of this?)"
"This Christmas Eve, the family has voted that I make a more traditional German-Style Dinner. So, our menu includes"
"Especially the stars."
"There isn’t a lot of information about the problem at this point, but we do know that some users are seeing error messages — most commonly “Temporary Error 500″ — and are unable to access their email accounts."
"2. Chrome “shiner”: Restore the beauty of chrome fixtures in seconds with this easy trick. Just moisten a soft cloth with vodka, then rub down the fixture. Good as new. (This will also work on porcelain and glass!)"
"The verse continues in C major for a bit, but then shifts to a second section that starts on an F major chord. F, of course, is the IV chord in C major, but there's a sudden shift from diatonic to blues pentatonic melodicism, and the harmonic direction from here is once again uncertain. Amazingly, the F chord turns out to be a secondary dominant (V/V) in the song's other key center of Eb, with the chords then moving from F to Ab (IV) and then Eb (I)."
"Jalan Jenderal Sudirman,"
"over the last few decades suggests we may soon see an ice-free Arctic summer. But then, as I have linked many times before, the US Navy has long known this and is making major plans. So are the Russians. Maybe THAT will get through to your crazy uncle."
"Fear- make people afraid."
"pour everything to you"
"Thought"
"Jeans: Vintage Levis (thrifted by Chris)"
"I went on thinking about my day…..just today….and was thinking of all the many little kindnesses that were offered to me… little smiles, hello’s, conversations, help with little tasks, moments of listening, nods of heads, kind words."
"I guess that I wrote more about what’s happening within me than around me. At least that's how it is on WTCS. I guess this has something to do with what i was going through when I wrote the songs."
"1 massive"
"Here's a closer view of the hydrangea...."
"I usually make a thin spaghetti to go along with the chicken, but the boyfriend is pasta-challenged. He can’t twirl, and no matter how many tutorials I give him, watching him eat long pasta is painful. My Sicilian grandfather would not be impressed. Because I wanted to enjoy my meal without cringing, I chose to make a whole wheat penne. I’m a big fan of whole wheat pastas; they taste the same to me, and I enjoy the extra health benefit."
"-We also had a failed Walmart adventure in Quincy (pro tip: not every Walmart has a grocery store), but that meant I got to kind of see the area a little. I was pretty amused that Quincy had signs up featuring John and Abigail Adams, but not John Quincy. Also, we saw a sign for \"Joseph McCarthy Air Conditioning.\" Opening a window is for communists."
"Keeping World Shiny And Tight And Well Disciplined"
"At the time, you get two Justin singing puppets, songs, such as the Children and hit a lonely little girl. The Justin Fashion dolls dressed in designer ensemble with special names, including red carpet, street and music awards All 12-inch fashion doll Justin Bieber Justin Bieber doll with a unique fashion outfit and a microphone, sun shades and headsets, and collectible Micro Mag. Justin Bieber singing doll that, on the other hand, comes in 12 inch doll with Justin Bieber, a famous music videos plus her outfit with the right music, video, and special collectible mini Mag."
"It has been a whirlwind few days. We've gotten through both boys' concerts. K12's on Tuesday and I14's last night. I14's concert lasted until 9:30! Yesterday, between work and other activities I was at home for a grand total of 90 minutes between 6:30 am and 10:15 pm! And that 90 minutes was packed with chicken chores, making pizza and a chicken tour. \"A chicken tour?\" you may ask. Yup. Jen (of EmSun) and her family stopped in briefly to pick up some eggs and her children really, really wanted to see the chickens. My children aren't excited by feeding the hens clover blossoms anymore so it was fun to see."
"Atheist: However it did."
"This unfortunate renovation project was performed on a house that sold for $1.4 million back in 2004 or 5. The builder/buyer spent hundreds of thousands of dollars building a new septic system and then turned his attention to the house itself. He did an okay job but was hampered by the fact that, despite all his effort, he couldn’t build more than a 3 bedroom septic system and, because the house sits on an acre of land in a two-acre zone, he ran into the Bloomer rule and was forbidden to build a real garage – he ended up with a carport sided with open lattice work. He then compounded his error of buying the place to begin with by pricing his creation at $3.625,000, and it sat."
"I sat there, cross-legged in my pajamas, scanning the shadows beneath snow-laden branches of evergreen trees that bordered the fields across the road from our house, searching for signs of life."
"So we've been out and about, finding some cool refuge in the movie theatres and galleries."
"Weighing 2,500 pounds and stretching 48 feet long, Titanoboa — whose name combines “titanic” for its size and “boa” for its close relation to modern-day boa constrictors — roamed the Earth 65 million years ago and was the largest snake that has ever lived.Titanoboa: Monster Snake, premiering Sunday at 8 p.m. ET on the Smithsonian Channel, gives viewers an insight into the life of a species that was once the largest predator on Earth. The special will also air Monday at 6 p.m. ET and be available for viewing on the channel’s website."
"The Lively Morgue, as it is called, is going to feature historic photographs from the Times' sizable collection. Did I say sizable? I mean gi-normous. Here's their own description of the collection's parameters:"
"After phone calls and letters to the family, Michael admitted she alerted authorities and put the problem in their hands."
"Anyhow, this one is a definite keeper that I will be making often. If you like pizza this one is a must try."
"Varietal: Pino Grigio"
"early hours of today, the state’s"
"The club welcomes members of all ages and abilities, with mens, womens and veteran’s team playing regularly at the green."
"Manawatu – Wanganui 63.3% to 61.6% (115,800 to 112,500)"
"So how can you get birds into your backyard? Well, one fairly easy method you can do would be to buy a bird feeder. If you have a specific type of bird you want to attract you have to have the right kind of feed. Humming birds for instance like to eat nectar, so regular bird seed won’t do for them. Also, if you decide to get a bird feeder, you have to make sure you keep it full. Some birds may come to rely on your ‘free food’ and if your feeder is empty the birds could suffer."
"Definitely one of the series that I will be watching this spring for leisure purposes, yet may not be doing weekly review for it. Don’t just accept my impression on the show, go watch it, you’ll be impressed."
"But like all rules, there are exceptions. When things are not what they seem, I believe it is important to explain why. During the Erasmus Commission for example, people advised me to stop talking about the matter because I was merely playing into the hands of those trying to smear me."
"Spain is the absolute best that the old world can offer.."
"‘We need to do a lot more to prevent preterm births, such as improving health care access for all, bringing down rates of smoking and issues of unnecessary C-sections and inductions,’ Howson said."
"Adult vervet monkeys are more discriminatory when eliciting alarm calls. Infants and juveniles calls however, are less discriminating as they attribute most terrestrial mammals with leopard calls, flying birds with eagle calls and stick-like figures with snake calls (although, compared to infants, juveniles are more discriminant when making alarm calls). In spite of that, adult vervet monkeys seem to elicit eagle alarm calls to different species of raptors and non-raptors (see illustration below). We can infer that adult vervet monkeys attribute eagle alarm calls to birds with the same silhouette as martial eagles. As vervet monkeys get older, they seem to have a better association between predator species and types of alarm calls. Vervet monkeys generally pay more attention to adult alarm calls than those of juveniles or infants."
"Many organizations do have the amount of staff needed to turn everything around. They also have the amount of money to reallocate to new efforts. The fact that older, established, and well staffed organizations are going bankrupt means that they are, or had been, suffering from entitlement issues."
"Goodreads summary:"
"This was one of the those situations in life one must face with the right attitude. As I mentioned earlier, this was out of family obligation because one person really wanted this to happen. And, someone else loves this person, which was the biggest push for me. I realized that love for multiple people is greater than the hurt and anger I feel for this one person. And, it was that love and desire to please those important people that made me \"bigger\" and the anger become smaller."
"“This better be worth it,” Hyun-Gi Rahn, manager of Elegance Entertainment said to the talent scout, Narm Seung as she followed him up the stairs to seats in a local high school auditorium in Los Angeles."
"eryl!"
"Three factors in my life"
"I contemplated one of its many lines."
"So I went on a search for a spaetzle maker. Paprikas Weiss was still open at the time, and I thought I would have luck there. But I didn't. The spaetzle makers I got just didn't work. I really have no idea why, but the results were less than successful until I found this spaetzle maker,"
"I have a quick question. Do you guys go looking for challenges to include in your card, or do you create something and then go find challenges that fit with what you've created? Or maybe both? I usually go hunting for challenges before I create my project, to try to step outside my normal box. I was just curious."
"“Well, it is how it started out,” I said, “I knew your first name first. By the way, why don’t you go by it?”"
"Nothing touched me in High School as much as Hesse’s Narcissus and Goldmund. I enjoyed the book at the time without, of course, really understanding it completely. Will I ever? And now, looking back I think I see some similarities in my own life, or better put; my own efforts to find my place."
"For years I have been ripping pages out of magazines, keeping them in a folder. I rip out pictures of crafts I want to do with the kids, decorating ideas that I love, things that I would like to incorporate into school, our house, etc."
"I have featured my statement Chanel boucle jacket a few times in my blog, but I have not done an outfit post until now. The jacket is from the 1997 collection and is a gorgeous mix of lemon and lime sorbet, so perfect for this coming season."
"1 coagulum"
"I am off to a crop with some friends to celebrate our Birthdays. The store owner Tammy and Peggy's birthday are today and mine is tomorrow, so we are having lunch and a cake."
"Moreover, once a petitioner has challenged the validity of a patent through a PGR, that party may not challenge validity in a court proceeding based on any ground it raised during the PGR. Additionally, a party who has challenged the validity of a patent in court may not file a PGR petition on any grounds they raised, or could have raised, in the district court. Because the district court action allows the challenger the full panoply of discovery (unlike the restricted discovery appropriate to the more limited PGR proceeding), the Committee believes that it is only reasonable to apply estoppel to claims the challenger was, or should have been, in a position to raise, whether or not it did so."
"And Sarah Palin, yet again, managed to upstage the president's speech by putting together a presidential-like video of her own and spewing further divisive and anti-Semitic language at a time when Americans should be pondering why the USA is protecting \"freedom\" all over the world but it can't protect an innocent nine year-old child in her own hometown? And it can't protect mentally ill people from hurting themselves or their fellow citizens?"
"The best way to illustrate what we can learn from the American experience is to give you a potted summary of what the first invitee said about Greek debt, and then immediately afterwards, what the second person started to say about the more profound issues lying behind it."
"So thats what I have been up to. Sounds like alot when I type it out.....but really I feel like I have to much time on my hands. I need ......Need to start school, get the kids back in school....get back to a routine."
"One of the things that came to light in their suit against McDonalds is that by Russian consumer law, McDonalds can not legally call their milk-shakes, milk-shakes but instead milk-containing shakes, since they put large amounts of vegetable oil in the shake instead of milk fat."
"From a quick “lol”"
"Hot on the heels of a post just a couple of months ago saying that there were going to be fewer cesareans the Daily Mail (and Sunday Times but I'm too cheap to pay for that) have this article saying that all pregnant women will be able to have a cesarean on request, as long as they receive full information beforehand."
"In one of the Saturday or Sunday supplements there is a column by a woman who broke her back in a riding accident. At first I wondered how far this could travel. But this week you made me cry, I am so sorry you broke your back, you sound like a wonderfully funny, bright person to go riding with. I love riding horses but it is one of those things that are so far away from the day to day activities of my life that I only get to do it on the odd holiday to Tunisia or West Africa. I once stayed on a lesbian ranch in Nevada where all the women looked like Tammy Wynette or Dolly Parton. Big hair, set hard like candy, tight jeans, cowboy boots and dirty brown belts. God they were sexy! Every morning we would wake in their upmarket trailer and smoke cigarettes, drink coffee and then ride horses across the desert, every night we would drink beer in a lonesome Jacuzzi and look up at the starry sky. It was idyllic. If only I was a lesbian it would have been perfect."
"It’s easy to say. But the most difficult thing with my periods of ill-health (and other adversities,) is finding the strength to believe in myself again."
"-Started sucking your fist and thumb quite a bit. (You are so loud when you do this and it cracks us up!)"
"A retired garda sergeant jailed over false passports that ended up in IRA hands described himself as a ‘gobshite’ doing a favour for another garda, at a Dublin tribunal."
"Meanwhile, Addy literally stopped in her tracks and her mouth did indeed drop open when her eyes fell upon this:"
"Wow, has it really been over 2 months since I've posted? Oops! Busy doesn't even begin to describe December and January for me!"
"“OK. I’ll get back at you next week.” With that Andy left the room."
"But these foods do make beautiful, sometimes even tasty-looking “brains”."
"This recipe caught my eye mainly because of the Halloumi cheese. In case you didn’t know I love Halloumi. Halloumi is a Cypriot sheep’s milk cheese that is special because it cooks rather than melts. Because of this you can grill it or fry it and it doesn’t lose it’s shape. I usually cook my Halloumi slices in a dry pan and then marinade them in olive oil, lemon juice, fresh herbs & spices. You can see the full recipe here."
"“Maybe I can alter the script to get Vicodin,” I speculated."
"app/model/Category.js"
"\"Good Enuff\" isn't just for users, it enables us marketers to shoot more ideas fast(er), cheap(er) instead of rolling all our energies into a single overly produced \"perfect\" idea that just may fail. So fail fast(er). And fail cheap(er)."
"FROM \"STICKS AND STONES WILL BREAK MY BONES\""
"We are only a few days into the New Year and already we have our first case of “that b*tch done stole my song”. The good news is that for once (at least this time) it’s not Beyonce; I love her but y’all know she say’s jackin’ someone elses sh*t."
"I love me some child prodigy scripts! Bobby Fischer is one of the best first halves of a movie that eventually turned sucky I’ve ever seen. Right up there with The Beach."
"My husband always tells me that I turn into Norman Bates from 'Psycho' when I am rehearsing for a play as my character takes me over a bit (he nearly moved out when I played Lady Macbeth!)."
"He warned that more than 70% of any of these kidnapping-dramas are moreover, never reported to the authorities. Thom said when people find themselves in kidnapping-situaitons, they should always try and obtain advice from the people wh are trained in such matters. “They must work with people who know the mind-sets of kidnappers,’ he warned. Guardrisk Allied Products & Services has a network of experts to help their clients who take out a Kidnapping Policy . http://www.sake24.com/JouGeldsake/Al-hoel-meer-rykes-sakelui-word-ontvoer-20100507"
"Well, I don't want to jinx it and speak too soon, but I believe we may finally be beginning a kind of a holiday in Poo Purgatory."
"So I keep quiet when parents enthuse about how much their children are going to love this and that thing and subject because the parents are planning on making it an important part of their homeschool curriculum. I just wish them the best, and hope that things work out in a way that each person gets to have their own favorite things, and enjoy sharing those favorites with each other!"
"Ministry of Interior ‘complicit’ in the killings"
"However, my brief response is: now you must change your paradigm, literary scholars and critcs and readers, and be on the lookout for the Great Global Novel (GGN). At least that’s what the optimist in me hopes for. Please don’t let this world dissipate into a dystopian Fahrenheit 451…"
"In Wales the political is personal, and the personal is critical. My sympathy with the Anti-Apartheid Movement stemmed from having had to listen to my distant cousin \"Uncle Robin\", who had emigrated to South Africa to join the Bureau of State Security. The last time I'd seen him was May 1979, when he'd popped back to Britain for the general election in order to see \"that Communist, David Owen\" lose his seat."
"~ Scott"
"If you pull the advertisement off the shelf, you will see something that looks like the picture to the left. This part of the ad has a lot more information for you."
"''I don't think that people watch others on YouTube because of how"
"1 generous pound chicken breasts, chopped to 1/2-inch pieces"
"And the words, final as lead weights, fall from his lips,"
"President Mbeki meanwhile prefers to refer to everybody with a paler skin than his own with the racist nomer of \"whites\" - which he often uses as an insult during parliamentary debates."
"I like to take the darkest shade and apply along the lower lash line, this can be as smudgy as you dare, as this isfro beginners I've taken a small amount but if this was for me personally I would pack it on."
"Can I be all embracing knowing the impurities that the light is showing in me and in others when held up?"
"Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal. And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it profiteth me nothing."
"As a deer pants for flowing streams, so pants my soul for you, O God."
"I always think that if I headed to the nearest exit with the unpurchased goods in tow, they'd be pretty quick to serve me then."
"By \"blahs,\" what I mean is this somewhat controversial syndrome called PANDAS. PANDAS stands for \"Pediatric Autoimmune Neuropsychiatric Disorders Associated with Strep\" (which is, upon examination, a rather tortured acronym, but whaddya gonna do). She was diagnosed with it a couple years ago, by the nutty West Austin doctors that specialize in this sort of thing (e.g. ADHD, autism, Tourette's)."
"Next question: Where to begin? Gathering from around my house, I’ve filled glass jars with beads, buttons, rocks, sea glass, shells etc. I’ve been filling gauze wine bags with light supplies like tinsel and hanging in the open. Several bulletin boards, desk, work tables, are being arranged and rearranged to find what speaks best and loudest to me. January is the main month to revamp my space, however, there has to be a system to keep control the rest of the year. I’m working on that too!"
"Inside - Pride And Fall"
"Too damn long to figure what matters the most"
"Place in the oven for 20 minutes."
"for who am I to serve you"
"A couple of points I'd like to raise. Overheads in a popular tourist town are likely to be higher than a small village pub with a lower turnover. More importantly I'm a big believer in value for money over cost. I believe a pint of ale in my pub is worth £3 a pint. The amount I sell suggests that customers also think this is value for money. I'd rather (and have done) throw away a few pints of ale than sell them at a reduced price - this devalues the brand. Sorry for the marketing talk - it's the only way I know to describe this theory."
"For reasons that I will write about some day, recently groups of guys have been tromping through our house. Guys whose boots and jeans are redolent of their own Labs and Shepherds and Pit Bulls. Guys--the most dangerous kind, for training purposes--who like dogs. Before they arrive, I put Wolfie's collar and leash on him. When the guys knock on the door, I tell him \"Down! Stay!\" And when they walk in I say, \"I'm the dog trainer.\" They understand. I tell Wolfie \"O.k.\" and let him greet for about ten seconds, then put him back on stay, and there he lies, as the guys wander through every inch of the house, often stepping over him to peer at some window or wall."
"Here it comes"
"What exactly did he mean? He did not elaborate, at least not in the class session that I attended that day. Ever since that I encounter, I have sought to try and work it my mind what the term might mean in the IP context."
"Going to make a couple of stretch bracelets to go with this one / stacking"
"The shorts are a purchase I made last spring from Beyond Retro and I really love the crochet detailing around the hem on the legs even if the shorts do reveal a slightly unflattering 'tummy pouch' when I stand side on. They saw me through the heat when I spent a few days in Italy with my Dad and his family and I can't wait to wear them again this summer with a big brimmed hat and espadrilles. When I think of Summer and Espadrilles I always think of the cover of Tracey Emin's book. Bronzed skin, simple gold jewellry and espadrilles, a classic summer look I will never stop replicating."
"I had thought that it was natural for me to be depressed. After all, my life sucked. My girlfriend was far away, and we fought quite a bit, and lots of people objected to the fact that we were both female. I lived with my mother, who is an extremely critical person. I wasn't in college because the only school I could get into was filled with classmates who'd tormented me in high school. I made minimum wage at the donut shop. So, I figured, I needed more money, I needed to move, I needed to go to back to school, I needed to get things right with L'Ailee or find someone else. I'd do all that and everything would be okay, I thought. I looked everywhere in the world *but* within."
"See the difference ?"
"I’ve always struggled with people, particularly at school, trying to make me into something that I’m not – namely, an extrovert. Basically, I cringed away from putting my hand up in class, for example, because I hated being put on the spot, when most of my focus was on reading the notetaker’s notes or trying to keep up in class. I can still remember the feeling of mortification when my pushy, but well meaning, support teacher was trying to encourage me (openly) to answer questions in class. Even when I didn’t really know the answer! It felt like a mountain to climb every time, and I had to psyche myself up to answer a question. That isn’t to say that I didn’t have friends or wasn’t curious about other people and didn’t want to get to know other people. Rather, it was just that introversion is more about thinking for yourself, being comfortable in your own company, happy reading and doing things on your own."
"But nooo! You had to start some random arc with a whole bunch of random characters with random backstories and random superpowers and royally screw up the flow of the story!"
"The three survivors hop in the RV to escape, and there’s a freak out back at the lab because engineering hasn’t blown the tunnel that they need to go through to get out. Engineering says they never got the message, but Richard recovers in time, blowing the tunnel just before the kids are free of the domed killing area. (And here, I’m a bit confused because several times in CABIN there’s inference made to someone sabotaging the proceedings, yet we never have the culprit revealed. Is it really supposed to be Marty? In between killing the Redneck Zombie and this moment in the film, he purposely sabotages the communication between the technicians and engineering? Is the damage he causes to the tunnel communique just luck? It seems a bit specific and a bit of a tight fit timeline-wise. Or, it seems like too much random luck.) Curt tries to jump a gorge but he runs into that invisible dome and falls to his death. Holden and Dana flee in the RV, but a zombie kills Holden, sending the RV crashing into the lake."
"On that day in 1999, we got out of the car and walked around the chapel to the bridge over the clear stream of Commissioners Waters, where once I had seen two huge golden carp. Giant goldfish, they were."
"soaker included made fromfleece for wicking, Terrycloth and soft flannel. Colors will be as"
"As expected, all their attempts to woo her are met with failure. In an effort to make doubly sure that his animal magnetism wasn't on the fritz, Fletch takes a second run at her in the parking lot of Ray's pub. After he starts pawing at her, Carla plants the pointiest part of her well-proportioned knee firmly into the creamy centre of the bucther's crotch, causing him to feel a fair amount of discomfort. When she finally does get home, Carla slips out of her disco-inspired one-piece to reveal that she is wearing a pair of black panties with a black bra. You'll notice she isn't wearing black stockings or a garter belt underneath her clothing. This may sound like a bit of a stretch, but I chose to see her decision not to wear any superfluous undergarments as her subtle way of honouring the lingerie loving legacy of her late husband. Sadly, Timmy, who's been watching her get undressed through her window, doesn't pick up on the subtlety of Carla's tribute."
"How about a short A-Z challenge?"
"As you know, Erik and I are in the process of adopting from Uganda (this is where this, non fiction book takes place). We are very serious about wanting to head back to Uganda annually with our children, to keep them involved in their culture, and to continually love on the people of Uganda. This is a goal in our lives, and we are serious about making this happen (God willing)."
"I enjoyed another great Mother's Day on Sunday! Actually, the entire weekend was great!"
"If you haven’t seen the quirky show Portlandia its time you did. In its second year, this show never fails to make me laugh or on the flip side, shock and sometimes disturb me."
"Born of an egg, with the strength and power to fight, befriend mankind and make rain in times of drought, it is no surprise that the beautiful Airavata is one of the most sacred elephants in world mythology. He truly deserves his place of honour resting on the points of the Earth’s compass, supporting the deities who carry the weight of the entire world on their shoulders."
"So, to further this idea - one of the first things you can do before you start writing any script is to start making notes of story ideas that appeal to you! Have a little notebook or a file folder for keeping these ideas - just toss them in and let them accumulate. Soon you will start finding stories everywhere!! This practice trains your brain to SEE the story in nearly anything.... and that's what you want."
"This post started out one way, and kind of ended up becoming something else. I sat down with the intention of writing a How To article on the topic of world building, with the bullet points and all that. But I started thinking about a discussion I've been having with some writing friends lately, and some really interesting blog posts that I've recently seen from other writers, and instead, it sort of turned into an essay. No, not an essay. A plea."
"Moving so far out of sight"
"This time I'm actually asking for one of my 12 year old library patrons. She inspired this feature, so it seems fitting to me to kick off the first post by searching for a recommendation for her. She gave me an adorable thank you card for introducing her to the series, and after blinking back my tears of joy I vowed to help her find more books like this."
"Speaking of the Big D, you know how I knew there was something fishy about Ms. Kuhn (Stéphane Audran), the owner of the hotel Alan ends up staying at? Upon meeting him, she tells Alan that she thinks Dallas is a fascinating city. Fascinating?!? Dallas? It's a lot of things, but fascinating* ain't one of them. Either way, I looked at her with a truckload of suspicion after that. Add the fact that Ms. Kuhn had a creepy demeanor (catatonic with a hint of malaise), presided over a frightfully imprecise set of bangs (you couldn't equalize shelves with those things), rocked an empty baby carriage in a windowless room, and carried around a skinny black cat, and we're talking one unscrupulous landlady."
"Or skittered with many a caudal flip"
"And the bedtime story she listens to? A history of \"Peter the Great and Ivan the Terrible and other Russian tsars and tsarinas who were hangmen,\" represented on screen by a montage that would be hard to get past censors today, from a torturer whipping prisoners:"
"Gefen supplies a wide selection of signal switchers, splitters, extenders, scalers, converters, KVM, digital signage and home theater accessories that enable audio/video and computer systems to be easily integrated, extended, distributed and optimized to maximize performance. Continual product innovations ensure the company maintains its reputation as a reliable resource for installers and integrators. The GefenTV line offers professional quality home theater accessories for plug and play operation. The Gefen ToolBox line delivers portable, wall-mounted solutions for the nuts and bolts of system integration. All products are supported by technical representatives and engineers available for consultation in Gefen’s Los Angeles area headquarters."
"there are totally times when bonzo has cried/will cry and i've soothed him – if he's hurt or has been scared by something (ie: the squawky macaws at the zoo!) absolutely."
"I was looking at Roni's blog and saw that she was creating a technique journal and adding calendar pages to each month. Not having anything else to create (uh huh) I decided to follow along. Instead of using a house template I chose to use Tim Holtz' vintage valise. The pages are embellished simply since the main focus should be the technique. Sometimes my results weren't quite the same but it was fun nonetheless. I bound my journal using the Cinch."
"“Wow, I wish I could do that,” says the little girl"
"We first wandered down the cypress-lined drive on a late spring morning in 2000, curious as to what the place was all about. Of course, we like to think we were their first customers—but probably not. Little did we know that the villa and adjacent properties had been sold-off over the years. Roberto and Sabrina stepped in to purchase and reunite them once again after years of neglect, into one grand estate. Although it had once been very beautiful, the buildings and grounds needed lots of love, years of hard work and money. Two dreamers who knew that they could recover this diamond in the rough, Sabrina and Roberto, shared the passion to make it all happen."
"Do you WANT to listen Greg?"
"Okay, so go ck out The Voice New Testament ~Step Into the Story of Scripture from Thomas Nelson and see what you think HERE! You can download a book from The Voice NTwhich is pretty cool and also see other resources such as how The Voice NT was put together. I'm always interested in the translation process of Holy Scripture and this is insightful. Go see what you think! Let me know, too! ;-))"
"If we had a little extra cash, I'd ride my bike up Portola to the fruit and vegetable stand and buy dried apricots and dates, or eggplants and onions for our own stir-fries. Some nights, when Maki wasn't working, we took our books and rode down to Capitola Beach and had coffee at Mr. Toots, overlooking the harbor where pelicans curved down from the cliffs in tight formation, screeching down where the anchovies rolled in on the tide as easy prey."
"Bronson was spoiled with Toy Story toys (Rex and Buzz strapped to a rocket) and Cars toys (his favorite now is Finn Mc Missile.) Since I did the Cars movie birthday theme last year....we did Toy Story this year. He LOVES both!"
"\"No. It's not like that. You know I don't like it when Dad watches The Wire? Or when there's bad stuff on the news? It's because I actually feel those shots, those punches. It hurts like real. I know it sounds mad but I swear it's true.\" The girl burst into tears."
"The first album was recorded in spring 1980 and during the recording they discovered that Cathrine also could play the piano, and had real talent for it, so soon after the release of the first album a synth was bought and Vacum had found its form. Most of the material was based on ideas of Cathrine that all the others contributed too. The first album opened a lot of doors and the band started touring a lot and the second album was recorded in MNWs studio in Vaxholm. They pride themselves of writing a lot of material which resulted in about 150 songs. The aim was to have a new song on each local gig which resulted in long long rehearsals and to top that a lot of gigs which started to wear the band down."
"My idea of love is much different from most. Sometimes it hurts. It hurts because when I love someone, I truly do set them free, no matter how much it might hurt me to do so. I feel very strongly that someone I love should be truly happy… even if that is not with me. As much as I would love to spend every waking moment with you, I will settle for what I get because I love you and have set you free. ”"
"Unlike the Titanic , Gibb’s steel and bolts were his soul, spirit ane will to live that helped him battle and have brought him through incredible odds that threatened to take his life much like the fated ship that ended over 1,500 passenger’s and crew’s lives on April 15, 1912."
"Stacked on the kitchen table are high school assignments. Booklists, suggested reading lists, essay topics. Even a periodic table of the elements. I don’t remember having mounds this big freshman year. And Amy hates homework – she never does any extra work if she can help it, which she usually can. Amy’s smart – smarter than me, honestly. But that means she can usually do the bare minimum and still coast through her classes with a B average easy."
"\"So, I was happy to step up and do what I felt was a public service because I so believed in him and I still do,\" she said."
"Our UCAS form, or UCCA form as it was called was handwritten and the personal statement consisted of one paragraph."
"Nicholls JA, Grieve DW. Posture, performance and discomfort in pregnancy. Appl Ergon 1992; 23: 128-132."
"3. The Postman (1997) – In 2013 (wow, that’s not far off), the United States has collapsed after another Civil War. Kevin Costner roams the land while trying to avoid the militaristic leaders who have taken control of different regions. Think of feudalism of the Middle Ages coming to America. Anyway, Costner stumbles on some mail and begins to deliver it as a way to access fortified towns. Eventually, this becomes a unifying practice that brings hope of a rebuilding government. Feudal lords do not need a rebuilt government, so fighting commences."
"If you work in a building with lots of windows, plan ahead to know where you can Drop, Cover, and Hold On for the best protection from breaking glass. You will also need protection from falling lights, computer monitors and printers, or other special equipment that may be a part of your work environment. Typically your desk or a table in a conference room will"
"I just realized that I’ve been uploading my stuff to the media section without actually creating a post for you guys to read. (They were each uploaded before their due date, I just didn’t know nobody could see them without really working for it)"
"This year, one of my New Year's resolutions (#2) is to learn to put in a zipper. How about you? Do you have a special craft or project that you use as your \"go-to\" when you want to give some one a \"pick me up'? OR do you have any craft-related resolutions for 2012??"
"The Importance of Psychology in Trading by Jim Wyckoff"
"The waiters will not write down your order, they will get everything right the first time."
"Absolutely I can remember places where I had as a kid for I had French fries and onion rings a stand in Sarasota Florida called Smacks. I can remember wonderful meals from all over the country. We have a good meal is always has to do with the enjoyment of alcoholic beverages, beer, wine whatever. Alcohol is part of the experience of a good meal."
"You could get really ambitious and make 5 of each freezable recipe. You won't have to cook on the weekends ever again!!"
"because that was the name of his dog"
"This as been requested by my Daughter who's friend is just passed her 12th week into her pregnancy and has now announced to the world. The baby's room will be in creams and beige's. I have a shadow box, in which this card will be placed in to for safe keeping. Just waiting for the paint to dry."
"November 2 - Sid Melton, actor (Alf on \"Green Acres\"), 94"
"My Boyfriend Scales Walls is my favorite polish from this collection. I honestly don't know why I like is to much. I guess it is because the white polish applied like a dream. There was no balding patchy issues and it was opaque in two coats. It will be my go to white."
"He ministered,"
"In a sense, May's hands are tied because of the prevalent (but absurd) political doctrine that once you set up an \"independent\" inquiry into something you have to do whatever the inquiry recommends - or, at least, that it's politically dangerous to go against the suggestions of the inquiry, even when (as here) the inquiry's recommendations are abysmal. Indeed, the Evening Standard notes that \"ministers acknowledge that they will have to take a few hits politically because of the decision, but that they feel bound to accept the former judge's verdict because of the detailed way in which he conducted his analysis of the law.\""
"1. I was a stay-at-home mom and wife until the age of 51, when I was hired as a full-time teacher. I was probably the oldest “new” teacher in WV that year. Maybe ever..lol"
"idfonline: @ToMLeE_Sw נאחל לך הרבה בהצלחה Video: The blood libel as ‘human rights’ at the UN Hamas’ jihad against Gaza taxi drivers Bedouin Trackers: the IDF’s sharpest eyes Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler Hamas celebrates 10th anniversary of Netanya Passover massacre"
"Not now, not in 50 years, not 1000 years, not even until Jesus comes back."
"Hubs also came home from a work trip out of town with a gift. He can be thoughtful when he wants. I appreciate all he does for our household. I got a new 'bear claw' back scratcher, which is an inside joke, but it is so cute. He used it to avoid getting out of bed to turn off the light on his side, so see it already came in handy! Everyone should have a 'bear' around."
"I am sorry that this picture doesn't do the dish justice either. We have had many rainy and overcast days, and since we only have one window (glass door) it was difficult getting any good photos. Rest assured though, I am sure to make this again, and next time I will be putting my own spin on things."
"Don’t Remain Close Friends with Your Exes"
"Above, BHO on the shoulders of the man with a distinctive military crew cut and a very characteristic (spaded) nose that clearly is not SAD. The mystery man has an uncanny likeness of NASA Astronaut Air Force Captain Virgil (Gus) Grissom, Master Mason, Member of Mitchell Lodge 228 of Mitchell, Indiana.[77]"
"Link up your Artistic posts, be it recipes, crafts, activities, shops, advice, inspiration, etc and next week, the post with the most visits/clicks will be our Featured Artistic post!"
"Both the US and China are growing older, but China is growing older faster. As a result the economic potential of the US looks surprisingly promising compared to that of China over time. For example, both in the US and China, the percentage of workers …"
"Some of the quotes from the film:"
"During a weekend visit to Brighton I had to stop and take a few pics of amazing graffiti down a few side roads. I actually have to thank @teaandchocs who braved the rain to take them with her iPhone (while I was hiding under shelter)."
"and more art regularly!!"
"I feel pregnant again a few months ago. We lost that baby too. We didn't tell people that we'd fallen pregnant, but eventually I did tell a few friends that I'd lost another."
"I understand the grief and feelings of the Alliance for Austria's Future, Deputy leader Stefan Petzner when he said on hearing the news of his comrades death;"
"Over the years, people (namely my husband) have gotten the impression that this means I don't like new things. Wrong! I love new things and would very much enjoy shopping, if I had the money to purchase what I want. I've always thought, \"window shopping when you can't afford to buy it is not only a waste of time, but borders on torture.\""
"Feels so Good"
"After getting nice and groovy in the Do Lab for Christian Martin it was time to skip on down to the beloved Sahara Tent. Zeds Dead was about to take the stage and I cannot tell you just how hard these guys throw down. This being my second time seeing them (both in festival settings), they proved yet again why they are my favorite dubstep artists. The two, along with vocalist/mc Omar LinX threw down a hell of a set aside from the little mishap in the video (it was actually refreshing to see proving they are mixing live). Going straight into “Oh thats unexpected” (The Beginning – Zeds Dead). They earned the # 3 spot in the top 3 for day 2."
"We came home to Ashley, Heather and Kristy sitting around the laptop. They were checking out houses to go to some open houses tomorrow."
"Lest we forget, courtesy and morality is included in our national philosophy, the Rukunegara."
"Thank you so much for stopping by today.. This is the last week of our month long Blogaversary celebrations. We have had such a great time with everyone and I am looking forward to the 2nd year of fun and creativity with everyone. Today I would like to share with you my MMSC55 card. I know there are a ton of fairy digi’s on the market , but I wanted to create one that I envisioned."
"...and she's all \"blah blah blah...blee blahhhh\". Appalled at the blatant rudeness of this bitch, my curiosity got the best of me and I leaned way down to see what shoes she was wearing so I could be sure to give her dirty looks if I ever saw her in the hallway."
"And to him who lacks might (the will to overcome difficult circumstances) He increases power."
"Then along came Pocket Informant. It’s been around for other platforms for a while, but the iPhone app is quite recent. PI includes a very full-featured task manager, and a full calendar system. And it syncs tasks with Toodledo’s servers (like ToDo and ToodleDo) and calendar events with Google Calendar. And I can access GCal from any browser, so syncing my laptop would be unnecessary. PI gives me a wide variety of layouts, including a very useful Today view of what I have to do just today. It supports both GTD and Franklin-Covey prioritizing systems. It also has an integrated search capacity that looks through my calendar, my tasks, and my contacts too. Another really cool feature is that it looks for the first reasonable task from each project that has been started but that isn’t complete, and creates a list of all next actions, which are then displayed on the Today view. Of course, you can reorder tasks in any project, so the right item comes up as the next action. Brilliant!"
"Now of course, there’s nothing left to sell, the oil is running out, and places that escaped the worst ravages of Thatcherism in the 1980s now also find themselves staring into the abyss now their industries and communities have also declined. Wealth and opportunity is shrinking and many of those who had done well in these times are now seeing their children and grandchildren denied the opportunities they had, and face a society that seems darker and harsher than they could have imagined a few years ago."
"I bought a ready-made pizza base and a block of mozarella cheese over the weekend."
"Here are some of the warning signs that our skills are becoming outdated:"
"Learning to swim and park – okay will come back to those maybe next month! I have no prospect of buying a car right now so that will have to wait. : )"
"If we think about it, if it was a male classic author that I had read first, would it be different? I wish I could love Dumas like other people do but to no avail. Why can’t D’Artanon be more like Mr. Rochester, Heathcliff or Mr. Darcy, because then I could understand him."
"Christian Business Ethics: Earning Profit"
"Monday, August 20th–I met my new Case Worker."
"Then I suggested that her curtains could be updated to something simple like linen or burlap panels."
"The height of Satan’s exploit of the weakness of Peter, probably that mystery of iniquity (2 Thess. 2.7) that was already working even when the Apostles were still around, was finally revealed by the heavens in the 1830s when Pope Gregory XVI, after examining papers from the 1789 revolutionaries which fell into his hands, addressed the bishops of the Catholic world on August 15, 1832 with the Encyclical “Mirari vos”:"
"ok that is a lie, I made him take us out), do laundry, pack his lunch for tomorrow, clean up the house, shower and get the kids ready for bed, My day off is over, I am tired. I was hoping to knock out a good half of the second book in the Hunger Games series today but with how I feel I will probably go fall asleep watching Once Upon a Time. I hope I can at least plot my revenge in my dreams."
"The first and most significant for traditional Christians who are sacramentally oriented, will be the Eucharist. In the Eucharist, Christ is supposed to transport the communicant to the event of calvary, along with the resurrection, and more broadly the creation of the world along with the eschaton. In the Eucharist, the communicant is re-presented with Christ himself, making both past events and future events really present realities. This poses a problem, however, if events in the future are in no sense real, which is what the A theorist is committed to. Although perhaps God could somehow re-present what was in the past as present, he could not present us with what is in the future, and is in no sense real. Imagine how the Eucharist at the Last supper looks if we admit that Christ had in no sense yet died for his Church."
"Here are some of my random thoughts about my Van Isle 360 experience:"
"ME: Um....place."
"I migrate toward it and its frog"
"Now, I'm not saying that all retailers don't carry synthetic fabrics for all size ranges. Unfortunately clothing manufacturers want to make cheap clothing, and unfortunately most shoppers don't want to pay for quality fabrics. But those of us who know, know that synthetics (other than rayon) are supremely uncomfortable to wear. I got sick of it at one point, and bought two tops from B&Lu which were something like 60% cotton/40% polyester. And I tried to wear them, I did. But I wanted to crawl out of my skin after about 5 minutes. To Goodwill they went!"
"If you have any other questions, don't hesitate to contact me! This Amazing Offer is only good through November 30th so act now! I'd love to have you on my team of stampers!"
"Writing can be an arduous process that involves hours of pounding away at a keyboard, planning plots, editing, reading, and fighting the inner critic. Sometimes you need a little boost to your confidence or just a little chuckle to keep you going. For just such an occasion I keep a website bookmarked on my toolbar: I Write Like."
"confused, and stiff, that"
"What are you looking for today?"
"Because I have a menu plan, grocery shopping is relatively easy. I just look at the plan, look at what we have, and make a list accordingly. I know what other staples we use regularly so those get added too. It’s amazing how much money you can save when you shop for the menu plan. We don’t have flyers here, so I can’t keep my eyes open for sales and plan from that. What I do is buy regular quantities of different kinds of meat, for example, and I portion them in bags then freeze. For example, because we buy all of our chicken in 30 lb boxes, I cut the legs and thighs apart and freeze 6 pieces per bag. I know this is enough for a satisfying meal for everyone in our family, and a bit for leftovers. Sometimes when I’m menu planning I’ll think about what we have on hand and work that in to the schedule, reducing the amount of shopping we need to do."
"As a matter of fact, those individuals that foot the bills - primarily shoe companies - often have influence over who the athlete selects as their coach. Or at the least make strong suggestions. Which actually makes the coach the employee of the shoe company and not of the athlete - and in many cases the coaches are on the payroll of the shoe companies. Leaving the shoe company in the lead position over both the coach and the athlete."
"What Defense gets, though, with the Notice of Intent is a six month heads start on compiling their case because the Plaintiff has to wait 182 days to file. Defense gets a six month buffer before they even have to start their case."
"But some politicians clearly do not get bogged down in these gloomy prospects. The Tories are having a bunfight over who has the most influence via their bizarre backbench 1922 committee. Apparently it is too dominated by the old guard. The Guardian has covered it in detail but I particularly thought this bit deserved the unprintable response I uttered through my muesli. It’s about the Tories’ poor poll ratings."
"Missouri state officials said they had positively identified 142 sets of human remains Saturday."
"One: You will be able to do many great things, but only if you allow yourself to be held in God's hand. And allow other human beings to access you for the many gifts you possess."
"Random: I really do love the whole canned beer concept. It’s nice to see more and more breweries get into it."
"Do keep this in mind that: KEEPING YOURSELF CLEAN IS THE MAIN KEY! But it's not like I'm dirty, but trust me, it helps."
"Mistakes seem to be all that some in the so-called church make."
"With a large turnover of fringe players likely, £30m or more might purchase three players of quality, two at least. Arsenal have moved away from reliance on one player to some extent, the summer expunging that when Fabregas left. Now it is more of a team structure in the squad, equal ability. With tweaking, few can argue that a significant foundation exists. Improve on that, in quality and mental approach, and there is a group of players that can challenge for honours."
"Then crumble into small pieces. Heat the oil in a heavy skillet/pan over medium heat, then add the garlic"
"Is Livingstone taught in schools? He's probably too controversial, what with the Christianity, Commerce and Civilisation that I read about on Wiki."
"This is my dad's big old head at the Spice Market in Istanbul. That's his Turkey hat. Everyone thought he was Turkish. Luckily he speaks the language fairly well. Isn't Dad handsome?"
"St (chuckling): Oh, no! You can't remember. That doesn't sound good."
"gently deflate the dough and turn it onto a lightly floured surface. divide dough into 6 – 12 pieces depending on what size you want."
"“Wait here” Lamar whispered returning from the kitchen with a plate of Chicken Parmesan that Vonne C. overlooked. “You never, check the stove. Eat honey, you look hungry.” He implored, taking a fork and feeding her."
"**this would succeed even more if a musician were to get involved, vote on the photos and make those photos artwork for an upcoming album (including single cuts/album cover/lyric book artwork/social media feeds). a percentage of proceeds could go towards the haiti relief fund."
"Mango- Cilantro Slaw:"
"and lands on the electric wire"
"There is an interesting adverse consequence, though, to not allowing gays to marry. As more states begin to recognize gay marriages legally, we are starting to see the harm being done by the Defense of Marriage Act of 1996, which essentially holds that state recognition neither carries over to other states nor is recognizable on a federal level."
"Dear Dave Barry,"
"Where are the PATROLS that are supposed to make sure things like this are not supposed to occur?"
"Another Wednesday and another opportunity to go and see what Julia is up to on her work desk and then hop over to lots of other work spaces, all over the World, to see what everyone else is up to this week."
"I garden for the critters and winged things"
"Do you get why I am so stoked about this stuff?! Its like a frickin’ miracle food! Wait, it is a miracle food, and I get to stuff my face with it. So let’s get a show of hands from those who have the guts to stand up to green food and say: yes! I will try you out because I love my body and my body definitely loves you! It’s not that scary, just a silly little mental hurdle to throw yourself over. And once you’re over, oh my friends…the grass is greener for a reason."
"Mothers and Fathers."
"The New York Times, or as SayUncle appropriately calls it, the paper of making things up, let slip a little bit of honesty today. In the midst of a column opining that if we could just agree on \"reasonable gun regulation\" the National Rifle Association would cease to exist, Andrew Rosenthal had this to say:"
"\"Well it was in the diary to repeat Friday but okay.....OH no.\" I say, \"I was sick on you!\""
"1 onion, sliced"
"\"So,\" he continued, \"the process here now is that I have to go look in the truck. Maybe I have a replacement or even a Ohmfusionater to use.\""
"My kids always loved the pool when they were growing up. There were kids swimming every day. Sometimes now I actually don't get our money's worth out of it, because no one hardly swims anymore. Personally I don't think I'd get another one , but if you have one enjoy, remember how hot the summer was last year?"
"\"Carol's dead,\" my mother said."
"Just the smell of cinnamon essential oil can help to boost brain activity and alertness. It has a powerful and intense aroma which will lift your emotions whether you are feeling depressed, fearful, lonely or just stressed out."
"I honestly can't wait to go! It's going to be fantastic, I just know it!"
"Alex Van Halen – Drums"
"\"I HEARD YOU.\""
"- I am inspired by entrepreneurs who have already launched one (or several) business(es)"
"Brewed: 03-05-2008"
"— Jamie Ludwig\""
"Then began the comments. The first one took us to task for not mentioning Roman or Orthodox Catholics. Say what??"
"The people at the restaurant have no English and try as I might I couldn’t understand a word they said. I strained to hear them and for the first time in my life someone spoke to me slower and louder in a foreign language in the hopes I would understand. (I’ve never felt so ignorant!) The only things I understood were the phrases ‘Do you understand?’ (Forstår du?) and ‘it’s a problem, not speaking Danish’ (det er et problem ikke at tale dansk) after I said I do not understand for the millionth time (Jeg forstår ikke). What made it worse is he had a thick middle eastern accent and I had the feeling that Danish wasn’t his first language either, so Danish was our lingua franca."
"I cradled my new record between both hands. Gently placed it on the turntable. Dropped the needle. Rushed to sprawl across my twin bed in the room I shared with my older sister, and picked up the stiff cardboard album jacket."
"Nominated, César Awards 2003 – Best Sup. Actor (Jamel Debbouze)"
"“In everything one must consider the end.” (Jean De La Fontaine)"
"Wow, that was a lot tougher than I thought it was going to be. Phew. Now I get to choose three lucky people to do it if they so wish! Here we go…"
"When I told the gentleman that I was American, his next question was, \"From which city? New York or Los Angeles?\" Too bad for the approximately 275 million other residents of the U.S. who, for this Frenchman, apparently do not count."
"I have had a very busy weekend--full of pure WORK and a few fun chores. I did get out for about an hour today to go to Walmart. I bought 4 big clear plastic bins so I can go back down to the basement and get rid of some cardboard boxes full of stuff that I will put in the clear bins so I can find what I need."
"NOTE: By entering this contest you agree that your submission photos/descriptions may be used in the gallery or as a monthly highlighted customer project on the EvaDress web site."
"Dry-embossing on the 3-d butterflies."
"My friends are much better people than this. The people I choose to surround myself with are supportive, considerate, trustworthy, honest and kind. My trainer for instance, a terrific person who has been crapped on several times in her life. Someone burglarized her barn, not just once, but twice! This woman doesn't have a palace, and works so hard for what she has. Why should she be the person to lose so much? I often ask God that question. His answer? He doesn't always give us what we WANT, but he ALWAYS gives us what we NEED. I don't know the how or the why of my trainer needing to be burglarized twice, but God has the plan, I need the faith to follow what his plan is for me and my friends. I do pray, and I include my trainer in my prayers."
"The garden is also keeping us quite busy this year. At the end of March, the plants were already at the stage of growth they're not normally at until early May. Nice, but it means that the mowing and weeding and general garden care has advanced as well!"
"I've always wanted something I could do a lot to and then wear comfortably, and suddenly I have these ideas for lots of surface design on cotton interlock or jersey (I read the technical explanation of the difference between these--multiple needles in the bed, for instance, and it means nothing to me), so what I'll do is order some jersey from DharmaTrading.com for less than $5 a yard, since I have no need of the organic cotton jersey Alabama Chanin sells for $17.95 a yard. I'm glad organic cotton jersey exists, but if I paid that for a yard of fabric, I'd be paralyzed. There's no way I'd start dyeing it and cutting it and experimenting to find out what it would do."
"Many of these challenges remain outside our direct control, lying either with physical constraints that are effectively absolute, or with levels of state authority we cannot easily manipulate."
"The more I look back, the more it's shaping up that 1987 was the SECOND worst year for movies."
"The Amsale gown with floral notes, the natural setting, the cascading flowers, all weave together to reflect the couple's sweet story. Take a peek at the lovebirds as they celebrate tying the knot in a botanic haven in the Big Apple ..."
"The thing that's ironic about all of this, is that if we WERE your average garden variety police officer, or lawyer, we wouldn't know enough about the publishing field to know when someone is behaving in a suspicious, scammy fashion. Most of the law enforcement officials we've worked with, we've had to explain, in painstaking terms, how a REAL agent functions, or a REAL publisher functions. Then we explain how the scammer in question functions, and point out how writers are being defrauded. The officers and agents we've worked with are smart folks...they catch on quickly. But publishing is an esoteric field, and publishing scams operate a bit differently than your average con."
"Boots ASOS White, Clutch Reiss, Dress Topshop, Belt BCBG Max Azria, Cardigan vintage MaxMara from eBay and Hat Philip Treacy."
"My whole life I have been told to be honest and truthful with others or people would consider you to be a LIAR. That was some good advice from my parents and something that I’ve always tried to live by. The only thing that they failed to explain was that you have to be honest with yourself. It’s kind of like love. The Bible asks” How can a man love others if he doesn’t love himself?”. So I question “How can you be honest with others if you’re not honest with yourself?”. So, are you honest with yourself? Mostly, I doubt it. This dishonesty is called many things: Biting your tongue, Being politically correct, Stretching the truth, Telling someone what they want to hear, Sugar-coating, etc. Does any of this sound familiar? Are you GUILTY? We all are. We are all victims of our own making. Why do we say things that aren’t the “honest” truth? Maybe we don’t want to be rude. Maybe we don’t want to hurt others while they’re grieving. Maybe we don’t want to be a “bully”. I don’t have the answers. Not all of them anyway. I know what the Bible teaches me. I also know that not all believe the Bible. So, what do you think?"
"At that moment the lamp on the wall turned off, and then turned on, and repeated that twice. Charles observed this with a sudden concealed interest."
"In my own life, and in the lives of those I interact with daily, there has been a vibratory force of Self-realization shaking loose tensions, restrictions, limitations, etc. from the denser (astral, emotional, etheric and physical) levels of being."
"Which band was Paul Brady a member of in the 1970′s?"
"Now, the one thing about zombies are they’re there to be made fun of. Okay, they are scary, but they’re slow, simple and frankly, repetitive. The fright factor’s gone."
"I had areapas in san francisco once and enjoyed them and looked at the recipe in viva vegan but thought it sounded like too much word so avoided making them until a few weeks ago. I once tried to make pupusas but found them too be too fiddly but these are completely different. So easy and are quicker to make than corn tortillas."
"Genre: Biography"
"Of course I am not suggesting there will suddenly be a drought of children's books. There are always new writers and there are always people (me! here I am!) who want to write. But advances are going down, and I do worry children's writing might become something that only the people who sell shedloads or who are lucky enough to do because they are already wealthy are able to do....."
"All my images were colored with Copics – E44,E43,E42,E41,E40 / YR15,YR12,YR00 / W5,W3,W1,W00 / E25,E31,E50 / E00,E11,R20 / YG97,YG95,YG93,G20,YG03 / YR20,YR23. I used a more dotting motion with my markers on the cute koala bear…gives him some furry texture. Then a few of the mountains, Tilda’s shoes and the koala’s nose got a shiny coat of Diamond Glaze. To make the foam/bubbles on the waterfall pop I used Liquid Applique and then added a coat of Stickles to the water (and to the leaves & mountain greenery)."
"To celebrate, I thought it would be fitting to re-post Fatespeak. Enjoy the read!"
"CON 12 Hit points 27 Armor 15 points, hide of stone"
"but as I went last year and the year before,"
"When the meeting started, the Native Commissioner said, “I am telling you that we made a mistake when we gave Shambare the chieftainship of Chinamora. Now He is dead. It is now in your hands to choose a man to whom you want to give the chieftainship.” When they heard that, Chidziva stood up and explained all the mistakes that had been done and said, “Don’t do such mistakes again. To-day we want to give the chieftainship as we used to do according to our custom. We shall give the chieftainsh to Chigodora, the son of Chihuri of the family of Chinamaringa.” All the people agreed"
"My kids do not have that need, they have never had teaching, lessons, curriculum and tests.They are incredibly knowledgeable about various things. I could not have begun to teach them what they know. They have truly learned so much in their own way and time. It's their life and mind and nobody should control that but them."
"that said, go here, for laptop decals, iphone cases, and prints. i'll add more later, these are just the prints i had on hand."
"Church with my in-laws followed by a gift from our childrens group and a bouquet of flowers from a Scarlet sister."
"2. Maybe this is obvious, but I was wondering: If an agent's submission guidelines ask for a query and the first ten pages, those ten pages should be double-spaced, right? I don't want to be sending more or less than I'm supposed to! (Maybe I'm alone in this, but I always write with single-spaced lines. It wasn't until I started researching \"how to get published\" that I realized my idea of ten pages might be very different from someone else's.)"
"Anyways...now that I just updated you all I was thinking I would do a small post everyday. I will try my best. And I won't be hard on myself, it will be something simple and hopefully more of you will enjoy it."
"So, I usually write down a quote. But this time I don't have one for you. And it's not because there weren't any quotes I wanted to steal for my review, it's just that this is the type of book that flows and moves fast and anything I would have wrote down might have been spoilery. But I can promise you that the dialogue and writing is fabulous. There were some pretty funny moments in this book too. It's just a really great book and world to escape into. It's exactly what I was looking for in a book when I opened it up. And it blew me away."
"Plenty more variations out there for you to try yourself, but the pattern sticks. Goddard cherrypicked a short dataset that most favored his position and then recreated the graph to hide the incline. It then got picked up by Watts (who tempered it slightly) and spewed everywhere (I found it first at TigerHawk and traced it back)."
"They would have provided the training, facilities, personnel, weaponry, and resources at a much lower cost than Halliburton and any of those other private contractors."
"The book’s premise is actually a bit more stunning than the book itself. Wes Moore, the author, is about to become a Rhodes scholar when he learns of another man named Wes Moore, who is about to be sentenced to life in prison for killing a police officer. At the time, the two Moores live near one another and are about the same age. The author wonders what happened in their lives that sent them on such a dramatically different path."
"125Ah no! instruct me other joys to prize,"
"I don't know what kind of people were here, they all well dressed, but they didn't know that the Sushi we were having was BullShit."
"So this guy stomps into my office the other day and slams himself into my chair. It had been a few weeks since I’d seen him, so I knew that I hadn’t done anything to piss him off, so I stopped working and asked my dear acquaintance…”What the hell is wrong with you?” in my loving Dizzy tone. (made sure I identified him as an acquaintance before things get contorted on FB with lies of a secret love affairs at my office) “What do women want? I mean, what do yall like”, he replied. If you know me, you know I’m already starting to analyze him, his situation and his posture. I proceed with my disclaimer by asking “I can only tell you what “I” want as a woman. But I am surely not your average. If you want to know what average women want, your lunch break isn’t long enough for the convo. We could cut out alot of bullshit if you just tell me what happened. And I can tell you what you or she did wrong. And how to fix it.” So he goes into this looooooooooong drawn out story about this weekend New York trip he went on with his girl and her family. Now true, she did some messed up things during this trip, especially playing him/slightly disrespecting him in front of her family. But his solution to everything she did wrong was “I went OFF!” or “I flipped OUT” and the final one was “I just said fu*k it!” Which of course for most men means…(I stormed off, and reverted to my introverted ways of dealing with things. So I either left the location, or I lost myself in my video game, (insert sport here) game, or posted some jaded comment shit on Facebook). After he finished venting he said, “ya’ll are always PMSing!” Through my laughter I asked him, if he knew men had Man Periods. The blank stare….and also the readjustment of his manhood made me realize he had no idea what I was trying to convey."
"1 Praise the LORD, O my soul;"
"Today we are introducing yet another whimsical and wonderful stamp set designed by Nina B Designs for The Craft's Meow called Tweet of You. To see the full cards, please click on the links below."
"Tang Hoon (Glass Noodle), 1 small bunch, soaks in room temperature water to soften."
"Most of the products that have made it to market labeled as moonshine, such as Junior Johnson's Midnight Moon, from Piedmont Distillers, are either vodka or corn whiskey. Midnight Moon is vodka, distilled from corn. Georgia Moon, a venerable product made by Heaven Hill, is corn whiskey."
"Chicken feet are not that foreign to Americans and are mostly consumed in the deep south of the US. I have never tried them and I know no one who has, until now. I always thought of them as an oddity in the grocery, scrawny appendages, scaly skin, something akin to Yoda’s hands whirling his light saber."
"Thank you darling"
"And most excitingly, while he's celebrated his first and second birthdays without us (though certainly not without love ~ his care has been amazing), he should celebrate his third home with us."
"permitted to come so forward as to mar the dominion of the Spirit of God"
"I am caught between yesterday and tomorrow."
"While searching for the truth about her client, Addy’s job description gets hazier by the second. She’s not sure if she should be a lawyer who is supposed to present the facts, a juror who is supposed to determine the truth or a private investigator who is supposed to expose insurance fraud."
"I was feeling better, singing along to Adam Levine, and then, the pepper shaker on the elevated breakfast counter fell onto the edge of my mixing bowl as I was cutting the butter into the flour. Before I could react, the cap had flown off and a shower of dark granules had descended on my flour and butter. Holy *^%?$(*&^?!?% !!!. Was there a toyol in the house?!? And who had forgotten to cap the pepper, AGAIN!?? I was shocked sneezeless and just stared at the blanket of black grains for about five seconds. Then, frantically, I scooped up as much pepper as I could. I got most of it, but enough had worked its way into the flour to give the mix a speckled look and unmistakably peppery smell. No time for another batch! Church was barely two hours away, and the boys were still snug in bed, so into the oven they went."
"I used a Craftworks Cards On The Edge \"Elegant\" card blank from Crafty Emma's Store, and as you can see, I mucked up the purple mat because I done it freehand! I would of binned it and started again but it was my last piece of purple coredinations so I couldn't. So you will just have to imagine that it's straight! rofl"
"Magic decal coating paper is a complimentary product designed to be used in conjunction with standard decal paper to make the finished transfers durable - yes, even dishwasher resistant!"
"\"Be You\" Chipboard Pieces by Fancy Pants Designs"
"I now have a wonderful new human tenant who rescued a pitbull, and most recently an 8 mo old kitten named Nala. Meet Jessie and Louie….welcome to the neighborhood!"
"This post is part two, a sequel to the first article I wrote last April on outdoor art, Bike Inspired Outdoor Art: Vancouver. This sequel was prompted by John Steil’s impromptu photo contributions for two art works not found in his book on outdoor public art, Public Art in Vancouver: Angels Among Lions. The first art ‘piece’ is a temporary whimsical grafitti response to a bike lane –a perky mouse perched over the saddle and handlebar bike pavement stencil at Pendrell and Cardero St. in Vancouver. A brave little icon coinciding with the larger spirited consultation and public discussion on the Hornby St. separated bike lane at this time."
"♪ On the left there is Estonian writer and playwright Oskar Luts (1887-1953), a 0.45€ stamp issued in 2012, Luts' 125th birth anniversary. At just 25 years old Oskar Luts, who had earlier penned only a few lines of poetry, authored Spring, a book that made him famous all over the country overnight."
"The Kansas race also marked the return of Kasey Khane (hopefully). A solid top-ten run for this guys is what they needed to stop the bleeding. Let’s hope this showing was not a fluke."
"The first picture is a view looking into the second room. The second view is looking out from the inside room."
"trips to bet on the ponies when in season."
"Now though I am very much a style guru. I don't just have my finger on the pulse of fashion, but I'm checking its temperature, eyesight, and got it bent over for an extensive rectal examination."
"Toasted peanuts, ½ cup, pounded into small pieces"
"I stopped parading down the aisle long enough to sit down and talk with my friend. I was surprised to learn that the kids dad hadn't been paying child support all year. The mom was struggling to pay the bills. This month alone, my friend lent her rent money and told her not to pay her back for a while--at least until she can afford to without being homeless. The church had been kind enough to provide the kids with school supplies. And the extra shifts the mom was working would be enough to keep her afloat for a while, and her bills would be caught up."
"*DO NOT COMPROMISE WHAT YOU HAVE CHOSEN TO STAND BY FOR ANYONE BUT CHOOSE SO WISELY, SIFITING THROUGH THE WHY OF HAVING SUCH CORNERSTONES ESTABLSIHED APART FROM THE COAT TAILS OF PARENTS."
"Having been rather obsessed with pink lately, and always on the lookout for cute summer dresses, I found Elizabeth Hurley's outfit at Valentino quite divine:"
"Meet with crowds of 150 – 15,000"
"Reed, famous for its insularity, perhaps wants to become more open and engaged in Oregon. Or perhaps the same qualities that made him a successful candidate for Attorney General were evident in the interview process - he knows how to talk a good game and get folks to open their wallets. I, personally, hope it is at least some of the former. I think Reed has lost some of its luster partly because of its stubborn unwillingness to evolve. Perhaps that is still a strength, but I think less and less so in the 21st century."
"*Gugulethu made headlines in 1993 when an American exchange student, Amy Biehl, was stabbed and stoned to death. On August 25, 1993, she was driving black friends home to Guguletu township when the car was attacked by a group of youths chanting \"one settler, one bullet\" -- urging death to all white citizens. The youths stoned the car and struck Ms. Biehl on the head. She fled, bleeding, but the youths cornered her and stabbed and stoned her to death. She was 26 years old."
"We have a big box thats full of scraps of paper, card, ribbon, wool, and anything else we think will make a good picture and she likes to create little master pieces from nothing but scraps and a glue stick."
"Ten years have passed. The time has come for Karasu to leave the mystic’s protective lair and face his demons in the world beyond. But the fiend that haunts his nightmares is also the one that shattered his life. More than a bad dream, it wants him dead."
"PM: :40, 1000' ~ Tarawera Ultra 7.5k Fun Run, Rotorua, NZ"
"Josef K: Applebush"
"Starring: Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, Eva Green, Helena Bonham Carter"
"It would be overstated to suggest that the Volt is a \"loss leader\" in the traditional sense, or that the Plymouth convertible was a \"bait and switch\" tactic. Still, there are tantalizing points of similarity. In the auto industry as well,the interrelationship among the mark, the brand and the product are at once both more and less than that which meets the eye."
"had and the ones we will have..."
"I cannot tune out this teenage girl as she recites “Invictus” over and over. She recites it perfectly until she reaches the fourth stanza where chokes on a sob as she tries her hardest to get out the last two lines. She closes her eyes as tears stream down her face while she does her best to remember. However, her mind keeps coming up blank. So she starts over, but she never finishes. It just goes on and on without her ever uttering those lines, but I hear her heart murmurs the word ‘invincible’ every single time she hits that point between ending and starting. I hope she hears it as much as I do."
"“What is a port? Do you know if hardware and software are the same thing? Do you know they have the internet on computers now?” They had me describe the way I would search out files on the C drive. Sophmoric really, but I guess it's a way to weed out the inexperienced."
"Spicy Tartar Sauce:"
"The Shadow over Innsmouth covers the important Mythos topics needed to be known in order to properly use the setting. The Innsmouth look, the Esoteric Order of Dagon, an (ahem) in-depth look at Deep Ones and their society, and the effects of the Elder Sign on Deep Ones and Innsmouth hybrids are detailed. A short sidebar provides the reader with the Three Oaths of Dagon, which adherents to the Esoteric Order must recite as they are initiated into the different ranks of the religion, and a full-page sidebar lists for the Keeper additional sources of Innsmouth lore that the investigators might pursue. The archivist in me always enjoys such sidebars such as this one, which demonstrates that the best information can only be found in mildewed cellars, dusty display cases, padded cells, or over tea with little old ladies."
"It’s not Constitutional to take law abiding people’s weapons."
"Anyway, enjoy the pics (templates from ePassportPhoto.com)!"
"The really stupid thing is that I have insomnia."
"But as soon as I start to feel anything approaching frustration any emotions I feel seem to die off."
"It's time for this week's Featured Spotlight Cards from last Saturday's challenge (SSS154). Thank you all for participating."
"46. Grab a fish fry"
"Joshua felt the same as you and me, “Lord, what will happen? Will this work for me? Moses – he is one thing and who am I?”. But God turns to him, “looking straight into his eyes,” said three times: “Be strong and very courageous!”"
"8. Web and SMS based Complaints and Suggestions Management System for all Railway customers"
"30 “Therefore I will judge you, O house of Israel, every one according to his ways,” says the Lord God. “Repent, and turn from all your transgressions, so that iniquity will not be your ruin.”"
"This anomaly in pricing just exacerbates the problem - tenants never move with a resultant lesser supply and higher prices for the free market apartments, whether rentals or purchases. If you are fortunate enough to rent an apartment in an historic building, it is unlikely you will ever find a place like it at any price, for rent or sale. In my own building, 3 out of four residents have lived in their apartments for over 30 years. Often, rentals in regulated apartments are no more than the cost of maintenance fees on a similar unit for sale. So why buy? Many analyses have been done demonstrating that in New York City, it can be more prudent to rent than to buy."
"A volkstaat \"could\", \"perhaps\" become a reality in 30 years from now."
"2 cups of coffee with cream and cane sugar"
"Once, desperate to finish off a black-tie outfit (Carolina Herrera-esque white cotton shirt and teal silk taffeta wide skirt), I fished out a silk net scarf, in bottle green, I’d bought decades earlier in the Paris flea market. Parfait!"
"- Over 55 lakh “keshdhari” Sikhs to cast vote"
"...from blogging way to long. I miss it. I am going to try to be better at it but its just hard to find the time to squeeze it in. I work, come home, do dinner, homework, bath, work on orders from Polkadots & RainBows then by the time I am done, I'm beat. BUT I am working on it. So instead of going back and stressing about filling you in on everything, I am just going to start from now. So here is our Santa pictures from this weekend."
"I’m fairly certain that the Apprentice candidate’s creations won’t become widely accepted appendages to our national language, but with obscure words like “schooligan” and “Chindonesia” now formally recognised by Collins, you never know!"
"Yeah, if I were a clam I'd be happy at high tide too. It is an American idiom."
"The council further recommended to President Jonathan that Justice Salami should be retired from the Bench. President Jonathan approved Salami’s suspension on Sunday, August 20, 2011, on the grounds that he would not subscribe to a situation that would create a vacuum in the leadership of the judiciary arm of government."
"At 22 projects in 12 different locations in Hải Dương and Phú Thọ Provinces the project owners run away with debt owned to the banks mounted to almost US$ 80million."
"Does the DataJack MiFi sound like a broadband service that will work for you? Instead of the MiFi, you can also choose a USB DataJack if that’s what your computer needs to connect. Learn more, check for coverage where you want to use it, and order DataJack 3G nationwide wireless broadband service now, so you’ll have it for your next trip."
"I was a little over half a mile from Bald River Falls when I spotted Shallow Falls, and it was time to head back to my Beautiful Bride."
"Distilled water to fill your bottle."
"So, since I have a hard time purposely being funny, I thought I would relay to you something that made me laugh."
"So that means create a card using black & white and only one other WOW color!!!"
"As the 2012 Masters wrap up, the question that is raised every year has had some new opinions weighed in. The realms of politics and sports have crossed paths this week."
"1/2 lb. each (or 1-3/4 Cups), chopped"
"This edition features many vinyl treasures that I picked up at local record stores over the last couple weeks. Artists that were featured on this podcast include Grass Widow, Neil Young, Ornette Coleman, Rev Louis Overstreet and Thee Oh Sees. It features an upbeat mixture of psychedelia, gospel blues, jazz, afro-groove and spanish flamenco."
"I did try to post last night but for some reason I couldn’t get onto my blog."
"Have you ever met that Christian….you know who I am talking about…the one that has all the answers and is rather pushy with faith. The one that is arrogant and acts like it regarding their belief. We have all met them. We don’t like them, we secretly wonder if they know something we don’t know… but basically we view them as the ones out there in the deep end. The media calls these Christians radical and fanatic and they are the ones that give the rest of us Christians a bad reputation."
"Grand Teton Brewing Co. Sweetgrass IPA"
"STEVEN: 7th Sigma was born of my love of Rudyard Kipling's Kim, Manly Wade Wellman's Who Fears the Devil?, the place I live (New Mexico), and studying the martial art aikido for sixteen years. As I've said elsewhere I wanted to have the multi-cultural semi-lawless sort of setting that colonial India was and I achieved a little of that in the post-infestation territory. Kim has a semi-vignette sort of structure but Who Fears the Devil? even more so--it was a fix-up, more of anthology, of Wellman's Silver John stories, previously published in magazines. I wanted the chapters to be story like in of themselves. Tor.Com published \"Bugs In the Arroyo,\" a slightly modified version of chapter 15, and \"A Story With Beans\" is also set in the territory. I have a different story, \"Rust With Wings,\" which takes place in the first days of the infestation appearing in a 2012 YA Apocalyptic Fiction anthology called After edited by Ellen Datlow and Teri Windling."
"LAGUNA PRESS RUSH TIP: DEFEND PAIR#3"
"Inks: Memento tuxedo black (Tsukineko)"
"March's book: Salvaged Pages by Alexandra Zapruder"
"Contacting Garden Centres with information about the group"
"Everyone knows how generous those Slimmer Pugs are. Well, Momma Mindy did the sweetest thing! She sent gifts to the puggers in memory of our dearly departed Yoda!"
"By and large, one should not judge the strength of a series by its premiere episode. With American programs, pilots are generally the first aired, and even if they're \"good,\" they pale in comparison with the rest of the series. This one is no exception. Not to say it's awful, in fact, it's still very watchable - plenty of classic Python bits to be found here - but the moments where the show is off it feels like a cheap skit put on at a talent show."
"15 Sherry Darling (4:57)"
"I had two clandestine meetings. One of them with my French publisher (there is a good chance I will be in Paris next year) and the other with . . . wait for it . . ."
"The majority of men on board were very wicked. Many were murderers, prisoners heading for the Roman arenas as gladiators or worse. Many were sailors and such men are known for their wicked manners of life. Why would God want to spare them for, according to John 3:18, they were “condemned already?”"
"What we have to remember that it is the GOOD Beer Guide not the BEST Beer Guide. The back page of the 2012 Guide states 'recommends pubs..........that serve the best real ale'. That is patently untrue. Firstly, pubs are selected in February/March 2011 for inclusion in a Guide that is valid for a year from September 2011. It is obvious that the Guide is out of date as soon as it is published and will become even less accurate during the months that follow. Guidelines concerning the minimum bedding in time for new pubs/managers mean that pubs selling the best beer are often not considered. Wirral is woefully short of good pubs but the Cock and Pullet which sells six beers from local breweries in excellent condition won't be included in the Guide until 2013."
"With everlasting love,"
"I hesitated, wary. Will it make me angry?"
"What to do? “Enjoy her! She’s a perk.”"
"Super Mario Bros. (SNES)"
"Scenario:"
"And four friends that I really, really wanted to see but thought I couldn't because they work all the time? They either quit their jobs, were laid off, on a break from travel, or their shifts were canceled. I was able to spend time with them."
"My major issue with the books was that none of the students seemed like 16 year olds. I hate when people make that comment about YA books so let me explain. All the students live with French host families, but apparently none of the families have any compunction about letting their wards run around Paris at all hours of the night, none of them worry when the students come home drunk, and none of them even question the constant coming and going of new friends and acquaintances. A few times, the characters refer to their host parents, and two even mention that they share rooms with younger French ‘siblings,’ but still there’s no worry about going home drunk. It bothered me. I think the author could have made the students college age without much difference in the stories and avoided a lot of my qualms."
"Total consanguineous marriages = 32.2%"
"I will continue cheering for Danny Gokey. Although Adam Lambert is an amazing performer and singer, I think Danny has the audience drinking up his understated sweetness and charm."
"Healing, not vengeance, shall inspire my days."
"03. Half State"
"His conservative fiscal policies are credited with putting the government on a sound financial footing by cutting the country's massive debt inherited from the National Party."
"Now I don’t claim to be an expert on the entire life of Jesus, and none of the gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, or John really give us any insight into him between his birth and age 27, but none of them mention him lying on his left side for 390 days and then on his right for another 40 in order to bear the sins of the people of Israel, especially after committing a genocide (Ezekiel 4:2)."
"The best part...I have a paper pack to give away (thank you to Bazzill for providing this to us for one of our readers) It's valued at over $23.00...and the one lucky winner will receive a paper pack of 2 of each color shown here. Aren't the colors gorgeous?"
"Had to go shopping for my bird this morning and came home with things I DIDN'T need lol. Found some danish specialities at Lidl and couldn't just walk by - I mean, are you kidding me lol!!!"
"First, let me say that when you are running along side a bike and a Rip Stick, you just naturally run a little faster. So I was feeling pretty good about this little family exercise outing. And then my son challenged me to a race going uphill on his Rip Stick."
"4) Using editing apps too much. Sometimes people are like children in sweet shops when they discover the massive variety of apps you can use."
"The message here was clear: professors willing to provide data--even if that data is accurate--that challenges Holloway's worldview will face ill-concealed accusations of racism."
"54. I got a word for you in my secret language, it’s Chicka-mama! -"
"Fyodor Dostoevsky"
"2012-01-18 12:20"
"Here's what I'm planning for the week:"
"\"It was nice to see you again too. Coincidence.\""
"Unlike people in many other countries, in the United States, it’s easy to take a long life for granted. In 2012, Americans live an average of 78.4 years, whereas in Chad, people live an average of 48.6 years, according to the Central Intelligence Agency."
"and then you’ll see"
"The military preferred sabres and broadswords, with the Battle of Culloden in 1745 witnessing the bloody use and effectiveness of the Highland swordsman. Their skills were soon pressed into use by their erstwhile enemy, the British Crown, which they had served in many theatres including the American Colonies and soon against the armies of Napoleon."
"What a crappy week...."
"“6. We will be ambassadors for the message of healthy body image."
"In the category of bad mothers, we have to start with Mayzie from Dr. Seuss's HORTON HATCHES THE EGG. When Mayzie takes a break from nesting, she toddles of to Palm Beach!"
"Prize Pack 1"
"We all have our own gifts and talents. While I try to make people feel welcome, I know that I fail miserably compared to my dear cousin. Hospitality is a natural gift with which she’s been blessed."
"It’s ’cause you took my breath away–when you said no to me, in all forms–the antiseptic “no,” the nicer “no,” the brutally mean “no” and “never” mixed with threats . . . especially when you said “yes” and then “no” :’( that took my breath away. Yes, IT DID."
"In case you need further convincing, this is the only sound sample I could scrounge up on the web. In keeping with the confusing history of this recording, someone has delayed the fuck out of one of the tracks and slapped it over some unrelated video of Thai dancing, apparently trying to pass it off as something they taped on their last vacation? Who knows. I think the original recording does quite nicely without the sonic tinkering, but here it is, for preview purposes only:"
"After the riot was brought under control, I asked, \"What if I don't know what program I am going to take?\""
"\"We have a good fundraising plan in place and I am confident that we can fund all current and planned litigation,\" commented Eric Reschke, the group's executive director. \"We've been here for five years, and I expect the next five... if necessary.\""
"A Rockette"
"Rogers (2003) suggests that is difficult to achieve creativity in a homogenous world since diversity is the key to induce creativity; at the same time, it is difficult to create innovations with a heterogeneous groups since communications and collaboration are essential to getting things done. Goncalo and Staw (2006) do stipulate as many others have in this space such as Hofstede (2001) that individualism suggests stronger creativity because of the value that is place in being different and unique while collectivist cultures value a groups setting and therefore, most likely have stronger ties."
"That second photo is the moment we heard Nora CRYING again after her heart rate had dropped. She was stable, PRAISE GOD!!!!!! What a beautiful, beautiful moment that was!!"
"● Deleted Scenes"
"I can’t tell you how decidedly perverse this statement is. We don’t design worship to be culturally friendly. The very fact of worship makes it counter-cultural to begin with. Worshiping Jesus Christ is even more terrifying to most people. We are not worshiping a soft cuddly lamb white with wool. The Revelation we read last week said that the Lamb is a Lion, the Lamb was slain, the Lamb is worthy: The Lamb is God! The worship we offer—whatever worship we offer and wherever we offer it—is to be holy and pleasing to God! Culture does not determine the nature of worship: God determines the nature of worship."
"1958 Navy Log (writer) Episode: “The Big White Albatross” (26 December 1958). Two more scripts: titles unknown."
"MOVIE: Ebenezer (1988)"
"Hello chicks!"
"So the policies that cause the destruction of the family - policies the left adores - lead to what little evidence there is for the income inequality they complain about. I have a better idea: stop trying to destroy the family."
"I didn't have to use much for this card so found some paper scraps to use (which is always a good thing). I've been wanting to make a card using the dress form on the forever Young Cart and found a challenge where I could use it, YAH! I also haven't used my Fancy Frames cart that I bought at the first of the summer...just a word of caution...it is HARD to decide which frame to use, they are all just terrific. What I used:"
"My thinking of this changed after one writers’ meeting I attended. The speaker shared how God launched her career only after she relinquished her writing desires to God. That sounded like a great idea to me, so the next morning I got on my knees. The only problem was even as I prayed words that sounded good, I knew they didn’t come from my heart. If I was going to do this, I had to give Jesus everything—my hopes, my dreams, my longings. More than that, I needed to give Him access to myself. All of me."
"standing with their feet in snow"
"Amy explains that The Thrifty Chicks’ goal--to create a more robust reuse market--is heavily rooted in a desire to lighten the impact that the American new product market has on the environment. “Our current shopping behaviour costs a lot more than the price tag we see. It carries a heavy carbon footprint that no one’s fully deciphered. We know the calories in one stinkin’ pickle because the FDA regulates food labeling. But we’ve no idea the cost of manufacturing and shipping of a new pair of blue jeans made in China across the world to the U.S.,” Amy says. “The carbon footprint of our shopping is undeniably large and it continues to grow, even during a devastating recession. This makes no sense. Product reuse can significantly help lower the flow of cheap, new, energy intensive goods into the country.”"
"No, I’m not yet tired of Garron. I think (I hope) that he has changed and evolved since the first book. Here’s a guy who grew up in a tough, but not criminal, world with little education, and thought he’d got out through boxing. When that didn’t work, he found he had no other skills. His decisions are driven by his circumstances and in some cases by self-deception about his own motives. He’s an introspective character and in fact the first book was really written not as a thriller, but as a character study, though set in a world with thugs and guns in it. He’s been described as a ‘tough guy’ character, but I don’t really think of him like that. A lot of thriller lead characters are called tough guys, but he’s not a 6 foot 4 ex-special services marine, with three black belts in martial arts, who can make a flame thrower out of an empty washing up liquid bottle and some sticky-back plastic. It takes more to be tough when you’re not sure what’s going to happen, or whether you can deal with it, or if in fact whether you should try dealing with it at all."
"Natalie starts getting scared, and asks the janitor to let her out of the truck. The door won't open from the inside(???), and Natalie's demeanor starts to annoy him. At that point a car comes from the other direction with its headlights off, so the janitor flashes his on and off at the driver. D'oh! Just like the urban legend, the other driver swerves and starts to chase them. As Natalie urges the janitor to accelerate, the other car pulls up beside them, and both get a good look at the killer's hooded jacket, but no details of his face."
"5. This is the version from the \"Let It Be Naked\" version, where Phil Spector's silly strings and heavenly choruses that were added without the Beatles got taken out."
"This typically knocks the wind from their sails, but gators are dangerous critters with small brains. It’s prudent to wrap their snouts - very carefully - with electrical or duct tape. Then, sever the spine behind the skull. Their eyes should shut after giving up the ghost."
"I pray we make it out alive"
"And they have the nerve to demand that since they are a religious movement, all criticism should be silenced, and public funds made available to aid the spread of their violent criminal activities."
"JOINT COMMISSION ON THE ACCREDITATION OF HEALTHCARE ORGANIZATIONS (JCAHO). Joint Commission establiashes infection control standard to address influenza vaccines for staff. 13th of June, 2006."
"Iraq: Even though Kirkuk’s church was recently restored after an earlier bomb attack that killed a 13-year-old Christian boy, the “reopening celebration was but a brief respite in the ongoing suffering of Iraq’s Christian community, signaled by two further attacks”: Another church in Baghdad was bombed, killing two guards and wounding five, and the body of a Christian was “found riddled with bullets in Mosul. He had been shot nine times at close range. The freelance photographer had been kidnapped four days earlier. Iraqi Christians are often targeted by kidnappers for ransom.”"
"I spotted at least three facebook message crying foul over these plans, but I for one think the time has come to ax it."
"The reggae icon is the subject of a new documentary, \"Marley,\" from Oscar-winning director Kevin Macdonald (\"The Last King of Scotland\"). The film, which features interviews with Marley's surviving family members and reggae contemporaries like Bunny Wailer and Junior Marvin, premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival (reviews here and here) and the SXSW Film Festival. It will be released theatrically and through video on demand on April 20, a date whose coded significance will resonate with those who understand its significance."
"The blog that I found this on used the same small finials at the top but also had them on a spindle (or candle holder) base. I decided that I like it better as is. I tied a bow and some small jinglebells on bakers twine to finish it off."
"What utter BS."
"In general I’m a passive subscriber to the Debian PHP Maintainers mailing list, and finally could help actually and not just reply emails. For me it’s also doing some Debian work after a few months of focusing on the coming LibreOffice 3.5 release."
"How about this home office with a Régence style desk and"
"Oh, and today's photo prompt is bottle..."
"“What he has said indirectly is that the insistence on zoning by the North partly caused Boko Haram. For the party to be seen as one, Azazi must go. I am aware that some chieftains of the party have been contacting Jonathan on the need to remove the NSA.”"
"If ever you hear tell,"
"By harnessing the power of digital technology, these five companies have offered resources to citizens in need, helped to eliminate landfill junk and funded social entrepreneurs who will effect real change on a global scale. While the companies are diverse, they share a common thread — a passionate leader who’s devoted to improving lives."
"Van Wyk's mutilated body – his genitals had been cut off -- was found in the dining room of the house. One of the suspected murder weapons and beads covered in blood were found buried in the fields next to a lion camp near a neighbouring farmer Basie Venter’s homestead, who was found murdered in exactly the same way just hours earlier."
"The crowd shouted in agreement, focused on Van Cleef’s words. The nobles had apparently decided to take action; guards were starting to swarm the upper platform towards Van Cleef’s position, and around the gathered crowd below. The king was nowhere to be seen, taken away to the safety of his new home."
"Between each board and each row, we left a 1/16 gap. The plan all along was to paint this flooring, so we wanted it to LOOK like planks instead of just a solid, painted panel floor. We worked our way back and forth, alternating which side we started on with each row. We didn’t worry about the 11 inch pieces we needed for each end until we were completely finished with the room."
"Just as compelling is the human drama of one of our century’s greatest minds,"
"Debbi"
"It's hard to go past the El hot dog though, a monster of a grilled pork frankfurt cloaked in a cloud of finely grated queso fresca cheese. The fresh cheese is amazing -- fairy-like strings that melt at first contact on the tongue, draped over frankfurt, spicy jalapenos, pico de gallo salsa and, oh yes, more lashings of mayonnaise."
"So, no answers but at least I can run again – that is going to be hard! I’ll start again with a gentle run/walk programme and take it from there."
"EV2 - Truth Hurts - Who Needs Frieds / Boogie Street (March 1980)"
"Can you tell me about your new Purim book?"
"She could be here as early as Thursday, May 3 or Friday, May 4!"
"Time Has Come Today by Coco Robicheaux"
"Myth #2: I’ve read the book twenty-five times, all the spelling and grammar is perfect. WRONG! Spend the money on an editor. If you’re on a tight budget, solicit friends that will give you honest critiques. I actually have a whole posse of people that read mine, some are grammar fanatics, some avid readers and my actual editor is my aunt who was a creative writing teacher for more than thirty years. It’s safe to say that when I thought Meeting Destiny was ready to be published she still nearly drained the ink from her red"
"He also acquires a magnificent black horse named Destiny, who reminded me slightly of the old Champion, the Wonder Horse TV shows, which were still being repeated on Saturday mornings when I was Sam's age. I can't remember much about them now except for the theme tune (\"Champierrrnnnnnnnnn, the Wonder Horse...\") and the fact that the excitement promised by the title sequence (all indians, stage-coaches and galloping horses) was never really delivered by the show itself. The Cowboy Jess books avoid this pitfall with carefree ease; they are all indians, stagecoaches and galloping horses. For older readers they may not have the same depth or scope of Geraldine McCaughrean's longer books, (and clearly aren't meant to) but they are still well worth reading, if only so that we can marvel at her nimble storytelling and the brilliance of her language (at one point, when dawn breaks after a night on the range, she describes a band of light appearing along the horizon 'as if the sky was lifting its hat to a lady'). For boys and girls who love adventure they are just about perfect. Order them now and encourage a bit of half term/summer holiday reading."
"Make sure there is enough water in your pot to completely cook the grains and that the pot is boiling. Add grains to pot and bring to a boil agin. Add garlic and parsley. Stir and cover and let sit in a 250oF oven for 30-40 minutes, or until grains are cooked."
"Main Ballroom"
"\"Okay\" I say. \"I don't think we should see each other any more.\""
"“Little Mermaid” is an original Hans Christian Anderson tale published in 1837 ."
"I wish to thank a few fellow bloggers for inspiring me to have a go. Without their knowledge and advise I doubt I’d be posting anything tonight…"
"::happy sigh::"
"As I mentioned before, this is definitely Jena’s story. It’s about her growing up, and learning the limits of what she can control. And more than that – that it is OK that she can’t control everything, because everyone has their own set of choices to make."
"Not me! No way!"
"Simple question, “What are you great at?” Some can sing and others are great with relationships. Solving complex math problems is easy for another, while growing plants is someone else’s sweet spot. We are each endowed with “gifts” that are ours to polish."
"To that end, I give you TG's official far-reaching sucker-upper attachment:"
"….here”s the kinda text he sends:"
"But maybe, just maybe, putting baby right smack in the middle of your life is okay. If you're like me and (secretly) do it too, you shouldn't make that one more thing to feel guilty about. Just enjoy the moment with your child(ren) and let things happen. So long as they have a happy mom, that's what they'll remember."
"As a mommy, I know that I am so, so proud of my daughter. In fact, if given a chance, I'd probably talk non-stop about her. But aren't we all, as parents, have our own proud stories to tell when it comes to our children? Wouldn't we appreciate an offer to tell others of at least one particular time when our children made our hearts soar and our lives really worth living?"
"Port A, I think, is of two minds. It appears to want to embrace the beach tourism dollahs, and yet still keep its \"sleepy fishing village\" ethos. Generally, it's still a pretty charming place, and the growth, while evident, appears to be moving very slowly."
"I have been asked how I colour the beautiful Suagr Nellie – Funky Kits Simply Adorable beauties, so I have come up with this little tutorial, I am not too good at taking photos and I am not trained in anyway so this is just my way of colouring, I hope it helps. This is part one “Colouring Face and Hair” part two will be later in the week."
"U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta warned North Korea not to engage in any further provocation."
"Other feeding signs to look out for include amt of spitting up and baby’s behaviour."
"When Hubby met an accident and passed away on April 1st, my life has been on-hold. It has been like that for the past 6 weeks now. Some days are betters days... but there are those days & moments that had been quite devastating and difficult."
"Me: But, you said that you can write emails just as well on this phone as your Blackberry."
"I pray as I learn to sit at the feet of Jesus and learn from Him, I may become more like Him. That I may continue to grow the spiritual gifts of self-control, unconditional love and wisdom."
"Sita’s Ramayana by Samhita Arni, illustrations by Moyna Chitrakar (Groundwood Books, 2011). The Ramayana, one of the greatest legends of ancient India, is presented in the form of a visually stunning and gripping graphic novel, told from the perspective of the queen, Sita (Grade 6 & above)."
"Now I don't eat it with noodles to save on Points...but you can. I also didn't make it in"
"I did have time to make a new bag for Sew Hip Magazine. It's called Warm Winter Bag and its in tartan wool. I made it quite bag and I was pleased with the size when I finished. I'll be making one these for myself."
"I actually had no idea it was a valuable watch - or even a gold watch. My eyesight is awful, so I couldn't read the print on it. I just thought it was pretty and wanted to put it on a chain. My daughter read the back when I brought it home and I about flipped."
"After that ending, I knew I needed to watch \"Midnight Clear\" every year at Christmas time. It cuts to the core of how truly difficult life can be for each of us, and offers an illustration of what \"Peace on earth, good will to men\" really means. Even after the movie has its hopeful conclusion, you know that these people will still have many of their same problems when they wake up tomorrow morning. They'll continue to struggle with loneliness, frustrations, and sadness. But you also know that each disappointing day has the potential to have a moment of hope, an encounter with a friendly human, to lighten the load."
"But the truth is that I need to apply myself on those Garfield days. It’s okay to take a rest sometimes to refuel, but when laziness creeps in after I’m rested up, it’s time to fight that urge and get back at it."
"“Take Seth Godin for example. Mr. Godin is by all measures the type of talent a traditional publisher covets. He has authored twelve books, is considered a thought leader in his field and has a large and loyal following. His last book, “Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?” has sold 50,000 copies since its release in January, according to Nielsen BookScan, which tracks about 75 percent of the retail book marketplace. Until last week, that title and his previous books were published under the Portfolio imprint, which is owned by Pearson PLC’s Penguin Group (USA), but according to The Wall Street Journal that has all changed. In the article, “Author to Bypass Publisher for Fans,” WSJ reported Mr. Godin “ditched” his traditional publisher and will self publish his next book and sell directly to his avid readers. In other words, he is taking his message directly to the people.”"
"Morgan than proceeds to say . . . \"I wish I was the first baby.\""
"Things to know about Mountain O’ Mounts"
"Rated R for brief nudity, sexuality and language. Acceptable for teenagers. (Lots of comedy, it's a real treat for Rickmaniacs. I won't say why, you have to watch it to find out. But I will say that Rickman does a brilliant job in this film.)"
"real soon cause Mom is only sayin 5 or 11 HBO words"
"Deputy Commander in Chief,"
"“Him, being delivered by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God, ye have taken, and by wicked hands have crucified and slain. Whom God hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death, because it was not possible that he should be held by it.”"
"19 In The Beachwoods 4:49 1967 - Backing Track"
"To get back on track, finding the ideal Vietnamese sandwich here hadn’t happened yet as of last weekend. Kyle tried one from Bite Mi (by UT campus) and we both tried them at Pho Oanh (one of 3 highly regarded Vienamese restaurants within a few blocks of each other on East Oltorf). Both were good, but not mind-blowing. To be fair, we were spoiled by Allston’s Super 88 banh mis back in Boston, which remain the best either of us has ever had. Perfect chewy bread, char-grilled meat, and some amazing sauce…I’d never know where to begin to replicate it. A creamy Asian-inspired honey mustard is the best way I could describe it. Also super cheap – $3.50 each and plenty filling."
"Can't wait until the DIY projects get complete in here!"
"Today, India has become the world’s largest importer of arms. India’s navy is to deploy three aircraft carriers, nuclear-powered submarines with ballistic missiles, a powerful air force, and armed forces of 1.3 million. India has long land and maritime frontiers and needs large, well-equipped military forces. India and China have long been locked in an arms race, though neither will admit it. China holds a lead over India in modernized armed forces, but India is catching up. India is deeply concerned over China’s land, air and missile forces on the Tibetan Plateau overlooking the plains of India, and by China’s development of blue water naval forces that are edging into the Indian Ocean."
"Cigars, on the other hand, correspond to the spirited part of the soul. This explains their traditional popularity among men seeking honor or reputation—politicians, executives, etc. The reason for this correspondence can be found in the similarity between cigars and ambition. A cigar is visually impressive: with its large size and great billows of smoke, it often leaves a greater impact on the spectator than on the smoker. Further, a cigar is phallic—not with regard to male lust, but to male power. “Testis” in Latin means “witness”: the phallic status of the cigar is meant to bear public witness to the smoker’s prominence, his virility. The fact that a cigar is not inhaled reflects this external focus."
"Before you go scrolling through my blog looking for Week 1, there isn't one. I wasn't sure if I wanted to write these posts but now I feel like I do because my weekly training posts keep my accountable."
"Stress Tips, that will help you change and improve the balance in your life:"
"The first response I received was from Torquay United striker Rene Howe."
"8 ounces sour cream"
"Who will I be when I stand before you with empty hands?"
"AND, if you have any suggestions for me, please! I would LOVE your feedback!"
"There is no greater evil for a commander in chief."
"Notes: To get 1.5kg of feijoas, you will need 2-3 kg of raw fruit, depending how bruised they are. They do say not to use bruised fruit for jam, to which I say - nonsense! Sure, don't use the actual bruised part, but just chop it off and use the good bit. Feijoas fall from the tree when they are ripe enough, and they often have a bruised portion if they land on hard surfaces like a concrete footpath. So here we see the upper one is brown and goopy - into the compost. Lower one, fine. Cut off bruised bit, at left."
"Spider Wars is a YA novel that straddles the line between paranormal romance and horror. It's edgy. It takes risks. It gave me nightmares."
"The dawn of a new day,"
"A Kind of Intimacy was especially disquieting because of Annie’s humanity – her nervousness in social situations, her desire to make friends, her faux pas and her reliance on the advice of self help books all engender empathy – the reader is torn between liking Annie and despising her, between understanding and disgust, between pity and anger. Jenn’s reading of the book was extremely entertaining and as a result I expected it to be much funnier than it was, however it was intriguing and intense and I didn’t feel in any way cheated when I reached the end."
"Hope you are as excited as me that tomorrow is FRIDAY!!!"
"“Only 20 years ago, when my wife and I decided to move to Bangalore from Bombay, we could visit a new suburb, buy a site of our choice, and then sit down with an architect to design the house we wanted. No more."
"Happy Heart Day!"
"FYI: My computer is giving me fits and has been SLOW to visit some bloggers and if I do visit its even slower to leave a comment so I give up...I'm calling in the computer guy next week!"
"He adored mahAdEva, who lives in the hearts of yOgIs, desirous only of Him, bowing only to Him, dedicated only to him and taking only Him as support."
"In a small bowl, gently toss diced avocado, radish rounds and shallot with lemon juice. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside."
"But last night, everything changed. I suddenly saw that my friend had only been holding a mirror for me so that I could see my fears regarding Michael’s diagnosis. If I hadn’t been afraid already, my friend’s fears would have only been…. well HIS fears. I would have felt compassion that he was so scared."
"And freedom for me? The Good Life. I am looking forward to treating myself and finally being able to do things i haven't been able to do this year. Who knows where this will take me. Big things like traveling to NEW YORK (April 15th, baby! I am already counting down!) and little things like one day without study or guilt from not studying (aka. right now.)"
"532210 Consumer electronics & appliances rental"
"HOUSTON -- I wish I could say that I am surprised by this. But, I am not."
"The two journalists noted that with the Mozambican town Ressano Garcia (above) now moving ever-closer to the unpatrolled South African/Mozambican border fence, the ferocious uniformed gang calling themselves “the Ninjas” has turned this town together with the Lebombo Mountains into their main area of operations, conducting an increasingly vicious reign of terror. They often use swords to kill their victims: preferably by decapitation."
"Symptoms: Holy Braxton Hicks contractions! No matter how much water I drink, which position I’m in, how “easy” I take it – I get the suckers. Sometimes my stomach feels as hard as a rock for hours it seems. After a couple of days of this, I was about to call my OB, but yesterday I hardly had any BH contractions at all, so hopefully it was some weird fluke this past week. It’s probably my body just spazzing out over last weekend’s festivities. It’s pretty frustrating when you get them just from walking to the couch to your bed. I had them pretty bad with Anna, too."
"LAS VEGAS — Nevada drivers could soon be sharing the road with vehicles that don’t need them."
"I have to change…and look at those challenges in a more positive way…"
"What can ya do?"
"His heart was mirthful to excess,"
"This is an anthropological experiment to prove that the bronze age people were socially active and able to tweet from their vestibule."
"It's pouring with rain outside now but I had a lovely morning in town with my little one so I thought I'd pop by and tell you all about it. We went straight from the school drop off into town and she was very good in the pushchair all the way :)"
"I had planned to paint it, but I wanted to live with it for awhile, and I’m so glad I did. Whenever I hesitate for, oh…six months or so – I know there’s something not quite right. ;)"
"One minute it is blazing hot sunshine with a horrid dirty wind blowing everything and everyone the wrong way, the next minute it is cold damp and wet again."
"Anyway onto the big news!!! I randomly selected a winner from the 26 entrants (usually I use The Hat, but now since I'm on my new lovely MAC, the program doesnt work :( )"
"Tony Stark: Dr. Banner, your work is unparalleled. And I’m a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster."
"Elsewhere, the women lay out their dead:"
"There’s a nice mythological angle layered on top of everything, as the planet killer is theorized to be a “doomsday machine,” a machine so powerful that it would never need to be used. The front of the ship looks like a whale shark opening its mouth to collect plankton, and there’s some really good battle sequences between the planet killer and the Enterprise, something rarely seen in TOS. The Enterprise faces destruction every other week, of course, but this time around I really felt the danger. There’s just something menacing about this slow-moving, all-powerful machine, operating without any discernible captain or crew. It just eats, and what it eats are planets."
"If you are my friend, you will be hers. Stay close, keep your"
"If your smartphone has a camera flash, turn off the flash."
"Now the Magazine is pride to have an exclusive interview with Jónsi, but De Morgen didn't cover the yearly Airwaves '08 Festival, and I know people who talked, although very short, with the band in Scotland! And btw I was there too, @ the Sugarcubes concert @ Vooruit, Ghent, but I didn't jump on stage."
"Of course, it is TRUE. Any sin, small or large, brings us condemnation. An offense against and Eternal God is itself of Eternal Magnitude. And only and Eternal Sacrifice could suffice to make reparation for our sin both mortal and venial. However, as you so aptly pointed out some sin is an abomination in the eyes of God just like they are in the eyes of men. Even before I became Catholic I thought it was crazy to think that God saw all sin EQUALLY especially when so many verses refuted this sophistry."
"Another challenge from Patrice..."
"After he explained that to me I said, - That’s right, Party Time. But maybe Izzy Hoyland’s time has come round again, maybe its time we took her outta retirement to spread her flaps once more, -"
"Hello my friends! How is this spring Monday starting for you? For me, today is the first day of a relaxing week by the beach, having a little break. I love travelling so much! Every time that I travel somewhere I want to move to that place for a while. This week I'm in the North coast of Queensland, Australia."
"The man was a skinny, stoop shouldered Jew, shirtless, sweating, stinking of fear. He pointed ahead of them, where a small wood could be seen looming in the orange haze of the smoke-filled air; the trees were bare, straight and black, like charred bones. “Your men are in there.” He mumbled in imperfect Russian."
"1 package bow-tie pasta, cooked according to package directions"
"Decide to take back route home: meet four or five federales and two border patrol vehicles. Fuck the alternate route: kick in that killer car and book it on home, girl, before they chase you down! So back to town on Wednesday: had to wait in line for 1 1/2 hours for a two minute tab purchase. Yes, I will take my genius son’s advice and renew online from now on. But I can almost fly now and not worry overly much about the LE on me. . . almost."
"My critique partners told me their thoughts on my story and I swear, I was so nervous, I didn’t hear a word they said. The next day, I got out the comments they made on my manuscript and reviewed them."
"Islamist ideas are spread through Islamic study centres attached to our universities. Professor Anthony Glees revealed that eight universities — including Oxford and Cambridge — have received over £233.5 million from Saudi sources since 1995."
"What would happen if a natural disaster destroyed all the equipment used to make candlesticks, bread and steak? Confronted with dangerous shortages of food and lighting, Barack Obama would offer to stimulate the economy by handing out pieces of paper called money and guaranteeing loans to whomever wants to consume. What good would the money do? Would these pieces of paper or loans make goods magically appear?"
"Yeah, I promised myself I'd exercise self control but, I mean, jeez. Come on. FREE BOOKS. If I didn't take them, somebody else would have!"
"-21.908677 , 114.131806"
"I photographed at a quiet moment over the Easter holidays. Standing next"
"eBay."
"\"The vision is of a town where people can move about easily, with high-quality buildings rising above a lively and busy place,\" Yorkshire Forward says."
"We returned home on the 27th and enjoyed a low key week of family time prior to ringing in the new year with family and friends. It was totally chaotic with 8 adults and 7 kids aged 3 and under, but represented life as we know it perfectly :)"
"Combine all the ingredients in a saucepan and bring to boil for about 5 minutes."
"and how it can't keep its hands still."
"Isaiah 26:12"
"VAIL, Colo. (AP) - A 60-year-old man is taking an 8-year-old boy and his dad to court, claiming the boy caused a ski-slope collision that left the older man with a shoulder injury."
"CEUs are available for social workers through the Association of Social Work Boards (ASWB). Each webinar is worth one (1) CEU and requires the successful completion of a ten-question post-test (sold separately)."
"Which turned into a grin, and then a loud gafawf…….and then hilarious laughter as he was trying to utter ..”WTF?!”"
"Then came Fantastic Friday and though Montano delivered two technically proficient performances (his voice was hoarse though and he resorted to bellowing, but then so did most of the competition), it was clear that he didn’t have as much audience support as he used to command in his pre-competition days. Montano would go on to cop not one, but both titles, as most people suspected; and now in the minds of most, Montano, for all his obvious talent and mastery of the musical form has sunk to the position of Government Stooge in the eyes of many. HE is in bed with government it seems, and willing to sell his social capital in exchange for real liquidity. So the PP Govt is reliant on his fan base to remain popular, populist and relevant. But the tides are turning for both HD and the Govt…"
"When I was growing up, we didn’t have a whole lot, but my dad had a small insurance, but medical care costs weren’t that much. And you should have an opportunity — medical care insurance should be given to you as an individual, so if you’re employed or not employed, you have — you just take care of that and you keep it up. When you lose a job, sometimes you lose your insurance."
"Wednesday – Soup and grilled cheese"
"The Awfully Big Blog Adventure is a precious thing and far more than “the ramblings of a few scattered authors”. I look forward to its continued development and hope that ultimately it reaches a far wider audience, which it deserves, which we all deserve, but also hope that it retains the essential “rambling” quality that makes it so unique."
"Brennan asked if the city could authorize increasingly more tax-exempt debt, given that the cost is mainly to federal taxpayers."
"Another perk of this renovation, was the added storage. Once the shower was ripped out, we discovered an open area behind the wall, which is now 9-feet of floor to ceiling cabinets. I left the door off the middle cabinet to create an alcove, and it became the perfect spot for pool and beach towels."
"Q: What celebrity gives you major lash envy?"
"Not seeing Logan in traction on a gourney did wonders for my state of mind."
"The coop and the run have been built in 2 parts, this makes it easier to move about (which we intend to do from time to time) and it makes life easier for cleaning and repairing. We have decided to start small, just 3 chickens for now, and maybe later on down the line we'll get a few more."
"so this little blog has been viewed many more times than i ever expected."
"Third, it appeared that the plumbing in our home was installed by The Incredible Hulk, and he was also having a pissing match with the water lines under the bathroom sink at the time, because it took two adults roughly three hours to disconnect a single water line. My hands now look like I got into a bare-knuckle boxing contest with the new faucets, which in a way I guess I did. I’d like to think that I won, but the cracked skin, bruising and crippling pain in my right wrist beg to differ."
"Note to all writers planning to try for a slot: You must COPY AND PASTE your blog address from the URL bar when you sign up for \"The Writer's Voice.\" Otherwise, the widget might kick you out."
"laptop, using our new names. He’ll print them when we arrive, and as far as anyone will know, we’ll be who we say we are."
"\"For General Motors, a good deal of the company’s recovery from its brush with bankruptcy is riding on the Chevrolet Volt (Opel or Vauxhall Ampera in Europe), its plug-in hybrid electric vehicle launched a year ago. Not that GM expects the sleek four-seater to be a cash cow. Indeed, the car company loses money on every one it makes. But the $41,000 (before tax breaks) Chevy Volt is a “halo” car designed to show the world what GM is capable of, and to lure customers into dealers’ showrooms—to marvel at the vehicle’s ingenious technology and its fuel economy of 60 miles per gallon (3.9litres/100km)—and then to drive off in one or other of GM’s bread-and-butter models.\"Stated otherwise, the \"Volt\" brand is being promoted no less for the broader message that the brand is intended to convey about the technological capabilities of a reborn General Motors than for the the direct sales potential of the model (at least for the foreseeable future, which remains uncertain). While the Volt is not exactly a loss-leader, I am sure that GM wants to make a lot of money on this vehicle, if for no other reason than the costs of bringing a new car model to market. Still, the current tribulations of the Volt car point to the fact that GE cannot really allow customer perception of the vehicle as a symbol of the company's technological prowess, even if the model itself is not directly contributing to the company's bottom line."
"If you want dramatic eyes, take your eye shadow brush, dip it into water, and then into the shadow, then apply. It will give you a much deeper, dramatic color."
"Full Moon is, of course, a time that magical people of all traditions gather to honor the Goddess, or reflect on the universal energy or offer respect to local Gods and Goddesses."
"Are you taking risks with your dreams? Are you getting out of the boat to see if you can indeed walk on water?"
"“Sometimes, the taxi would break down and the repairs would cost RM20 or RM30. On certain days, if you are unlucky, you get stopped by the police and the passenger you’re carrying is forced to get off and you don’t get paid,” Ang reminisces."
"Gaz Coombes – lead vocals, guitar"
"my anniversary is on new year's eve so i thought it would be ok to use for this. Now that my friends i celebrate. hehehee! After diggin for about an hour i realized i have lots of glitter but not lots of heart stuff (lucky me) so this was the best i could do...."
"Frame the window above the shower - windows around here rarely have casings"
"1 cup semisweet chocolate chips"
"Lover and I had been planning our getaway for a LONG time as we hadn't been able to see each other for a while. Hotel booked, flight arrangements made, appropriate plans shared with family members, restaurants picked ... box of toys and lube shipped to hotel in advance ... all was set and as the days drew near, he and I were close to the edge of insanity. Our conversations were erotic, our texts full of teasing promises right up until we met in our hotel room. I had arrived earlier and had time to go out and pick up our traditional first night requirements – champagne, yummy cheeses and pate along with fresh bread. I raced back to the hotel, found some ice and quickly stripped out of my yoga pants and t-shirt to put on a white lace thong and white lace bra. I had just returned from a tropical climate where I had been outside in a bathing suit quite a bit so I was tan from head to toe and I knew he loved this skimpy lacey outfit. Finally I heard noises coming outside the room and the door opened. There he was standing in front of me, tall, lean and smiling a devilish smile. I greeted him in my hotel robe and lace outfit and he pulled me in close slipping his hand underneath my robe to hug me as he felt my tingling skin. We kissed long and deep and parted to look into each others’ eyes and say “Hello.”"
"I personally prefer semi-transparent reds to striking reds, so it's likely that I won't purchase either of these."
"X. X-Rays you’ve had: Just went to the dentist and he did an x-ray on my jaw"
"Wompaholics (Tampa)"
"HG World was nominated for the PARSEC by fans and finalists were chosen by a yearly steering committee. Those finalists were then voted on by an independent panel of judges from outside of podcasting. Awards are given in several categories ranging from content to audio quality. The award was accepted by show producers Scott Pigg and Bryan Lincoln (who also won a PARSEC for Best Podcast about Speculative Fiction Content Creation – Fullcast Podcast). Mur Lafferty, Michael R. Mennenga & Tracy Hickman founded The Parsec Awards in 2006 to celebrate Speculative Fiction Podcasting, under the banner of Farpoint Media."
"The effort could all be wasted, however, by another No vote on Lisbon. A somewhat similar situation occurred in 2001, when the Nice Treaty referendum – essential for the major enlargement of the EU – was unexpectedly defeated in a very low turnout (34%). .The issue was put again and carried comfortably by 63% to 37% the following year, based on some assurances and guarantees given to Ireland by her partners. However, ominously, the number voting No actually increased second time around."
"\"Look the ants are eating it.\""
"That's farm life this week at Long Creek Herb Farm. If you're in Wichita, Kansas this weekend, come to the herb festival and farmers market at The Sedgwick County Extension office, 7001 W. 21 st St. North, Wichita KS. I'll be giving 4 programs including Art in the Garden, How to Eat a Rose and Growing & Using the Ten Most Popular Herbs."
"For the redo of this house Edith worked together with local craftsmen as a team of painters, upholsterers and cabinetmakers."
"When the hare came out of the oven, the playing with our food began. We stripped off all the meat, including the lovely, moist, supple fillet mignon, and discarded the bones. We poured the innard and blood puree into the sauce, and cooked it for a few minutes, being careful not to boil it as the blood would have frothed all over the place and ruined it. An important reason for using the blood quickly became obvious. It is one of the most effective natural thickeners. When the sauce was just the right texture we strained it through a sieve, and it was finished. Dense, gamey, earthy, aromatic - it required all the willpower in the kitchen not to dunk chunks of crusty country bread in it and finish it off then and there with sips of the leftover syrah."
"Well, I’ll quote the brilliant Ian Ayris who described my novella GUNS OF BRIXTON as ‘Charlie Williams meets Pulp Fiction.’ Suits me, sir!"
"This Wednesday, May 2, is the next posting for the Insecure Writer’s Support Group! I was able to clean up the list so we have a good core group of participants now. If you haven’t signed up, please join us!"
"“Having the (working) experience is one thing but (having the) academic qualification is also important,” he says, adding that pursuing a masters degree in law helped him understand legal documents and terminology associated with the automotive industry better."
"The Dreaming Sex edited by Mike Ashley"
"25 That Small Item You Forgot Was In There (litany based on phrase “my first home,” the beginning of Robert Sullivan’s “Boyle”)"
"Kenneth wanted to join in the fight, but he knew that this wasn’t his fight. His lay beyond the borders of human dreams and imagination. Both his and Kayla’s."
"I often think about the direction my living room sliding glass doors face. I live in a condo and I do not have many windows. I only have three windows and two sets of sliding glass doors. Even with so few windows, my condo is filled with light during the day. The most wonderful time is in the mornings. My balcony faces east and as the sun rises, it shines into my home to wake me up and help me start my day."
"Thanks to the community for helping to make the best decision for the University."
"Lt. General Tad J. Oelstrom, USAF (Ret.)"
"Cheap Imitations - Emil"
"Remember, I have a switch for the partition too. It's important to tell me NOT to use it ahead of time if you don't want me to surprise you."
"I look around and everything has stopped, time has stood still. I see my dog suddenly bound towards me, I pat him on the head and laugh at the confused smile on his long, smiling face. My canine companion quickly then forgets his confusion as he’s seen something far more interesting! I watch him heading off to nibble on a literally frozen ice cream which is been held by a small boy as he gingerly waits to tuck in!"
"C1 Wind On Water"
"I’m sitting at the airport (so early!) so I thought I’d show you that I really do own those outfits I suggested the other day!"
"You've whittled down your gift buying list to a manageable size, and you know exactly what you're going to get for the people left on the list."
"3. Strawberries, .99/lb. at Sprouts (through 8/4/10)"
"1 if'n"
"1/4 cup butter softened"
"Bantum, was overjoyed to see that Hermel had decided to help Lanna too and so was very happy indeed as he loped along, carving a wide pathway through the snow."
"That thing is they WILL kill someone if they keep robbing. That is why the city is willing to pay all the overtime. They don't want the murders. Think about that when you see Junior coming. The more robberies he does the closer he is to killing someone. Maybe you."
"I was stuck there too and hatred and bitterness only causes you pain. Until you learn to let go and move on you will continue to battle everything you are battling and more."
"OUAS challenge for this month is to journal about the thinsg we look forward in December, and one of them is the picking of the Christmas tree. This year we found some funky ones, real ones painted in cool colors, I almost couldn't resist, they were so pretty. We ended up picking an 8 footer that was perfect to hold our long collection of ornaments, so here it is!"
"So, being “a label” now really means, in my opinion, being a manager, having an artistic vision of a coherent and solid catalog so, even when you sign a new band nobody ever heard about, everyone knows what to expect in terms of quality, it’s all about having a shit load of contacts, it’s all about millions of things besides simply having a CD out, making a bank transfer to some magazine to have a full page ad, an intie and a decent review. It’s doing whatever you can to help the band and build a brand."
"1 misapprehension"
"That is first place."
"I mumble and say everything wrong."
"Until then, from my home to yours,"
"Goose: I smoke that stuff in rehab one time."
"and these soft-spoked words?"
"Freud himself made no bones about his ‘sort of greed for knowledge’; knew well the process whereby ‘research becomes to some extent compulsive, a substitute for sexual activity.’ He was aware too of the tension in his work between speculation and restraint – ‘the succession of boldly playing imagination and ruthlessly realistic criticism.’ He would probably also have accepted the description of ‘Freud’s habitual thought pattern of going from a minute detail to a high-level abstraction and back again to detail,’ as well as of ‘Freud’s characteristic propensity for turning crushing defeat to brilliant intellectual advantage.’"
"The performance by Javier and Andrea was very good. Apart from a number where they tried to go a bit over the top, the dancing was clean, fluid and sharp. So sharp that Andrea stabbed herself in the shin at the end of the last dance and walked off with a blood stained leg..."
"premium template with Professional Design for your Online Store. is specially"
"The recycling plant was part of a partnership between the council and several companies. The plant was built on Hall Bros land by another of owner Doug Hall’s companies, Anzide Properties. It was equipped by Carter Holt Harvey and operated by the company’s subsidiary, Fullcircle Recycling, which shared office space on site with EnviroWaste, which provided collection services for the council."
"This quote still rings true today. It is very possible that we block our own progress, by refusing to recognize the truths that we learn about ourselves. This could be because we are ashamed of what we have done or have not done. This could be because we don't feel ready to accomplish the task set before us. There are many flurries of brain activity, when one of these big epiphany moments takes place. It's our responsibility to learn to take a moment to breathe, and learn how to deal with what we have learned. Once we are able to process the news, we are then capable of reaching a more mature conclusion and growth can take place."
"Luz's soccer season has started and she has two games each weekend, so that is one more thing that I'm involved with. I'm SO blessed that my grandbabies live so close and I CAN be involved in all their doings! And SOON Luz will be starting the horseback riding lessons I got her for Christmas! Oh bOy! We can't WAIT for that!"
"The envy I envisioned on my female classmates' faces was always priceless."
"*Correction: in the early 2000s eight OUA teams made the play-offs."
"18: Minor wound on the \"inner parts\" of the left gauntlet."
"2- Leave me a Comment that you would love this Candy Package"
"· Brooklyn Navy Yard – 63 Flushing Ave"
"I looked to the West and saw the sun’s pink rays slowly beginning to bleed through the thick clouds. At once the air was filled with the familiar sound of camera shutters rattling off shots like machine guns spewing artillery rounds. The lower the sun sank, the more intense the colors became. Clouds that had been bland and gray only a few moments before now became a canvas upon which the sun painted intense hues of pink and orange."
"Stitched 1 over 1 on 32 ct. Antique White"
"Maybe Ireland's church has been"
"“You get used to it,” one colleague says, following a nasty death sequence."
"The bodies of Filip Slavkovski, Aleksandar Nakjevski, Cvetanco Acevski and Kire Trickovski, all aged between 18 and 20, were discovered on April 12 near Zelezarsko Ezero on the northern outskirts of the capital, a popular fishing destination. All had gunshot wounds."
"I listen to Sanat Kumara and I hear sweetness and love and on that basis, I say to myself I prefer to listen to that particular version of Sanat. I listen to another channeler supposedly quoting Sanat and I hear judgment and separativeness and I say to myself I prefer not to listen to that particular source. That may be as confident as I’m going to get, short of having psychic powers or some other way of reaching certainty."
"Coming up..school and university holidays in South Africa means visitations from the kids - this time younger stepson and his girlfriend. Always so great to have them around. The weather has taken a turn towards the very chilly, in honour of the upcoming solstice. We of course are completely unprepared for such coldness, but it warms up beautifully during the day, and the days are generally glorious, I have to say."
"5mm hook"
"A caring mother"
"What makes Carr’s locked-room mystery so successful is the creation of an eerie, ghostly atmosphere. The Times observed that Carr is “superb at conveying sinister and scary atmosphere, verging on the supernatural.” Indeed hints of the spectral and the uncanny dominate the story. Professor Grimaud lives in an exotic Gothic-like house and tells his friends stories of witchcraft and old-world superstitions. His friend Pettis is a collector of ghost stories, and the murderer appears to be a ghostly figure who haunts his victims. The story of the three coffins, with its Transylvanian setting and characters rising from their graves, adds to the Gothic atmosphere of the novel. As Toshi points out, “The supernatural (or quasi-supernatural) functions, in Carr’s novels, as a sort of analogue to the locked room; it is really a variation of the ‘impossible’ crime – i. e., the crime that is shown ultimately not to be impossible” (1990, 124)."
"And if you’ll permit me,"
"A piece by Nicholas Carr in the Outlook Section of the Washington Post, “In Google we trust, a bit too much,” (June 6, 2010 B3) raised some interesting questions about the possible harmful effects of technology. The specific Google feature addressed in this piece was the directions one can request from Google. Of course directions can be found in a variety of sources besides Google, but the general concern was using Global Positioning Systems (GPS) for navigating ourselves. The Healthymemory Blog previously presented the study (“How Memory Works”) regarding the size of the hippocampi of London cab drivers. The hippocampus (its plural being hippocampi) is a brain structure essential for effective memory, particularly for the storage and retrieval of new memories. To receive a license as a London cab driver there is a test that requires the candidate driver to commit to memory the entire map of London. Drivers who earn this license had hippocampi that are larger then normal. The neuroscientist who led this study, Eleanor Maguire, fears that if London cab drivers adopt satellite navigation, their hippocampi will shrink with the consequent loss of much of their remarkable navigation sense. She is quoted as saying “We very much hope that they don’t start using it.”"
"I took a short drive out to Lisle, IL this past weekend to check out the annual Midwest Distance Gala at Benedictine University. It is at an amazing facility for this type of event. Great track, green surroundings, great seating, etc. The announcer was excellent, on top of his game keeping everyone updated on who was who. After listening to Carol Lewis announce Track and Field all season it was a pleasure."
"What holds the fragmented, inept shambles together is the design and casting — Vadim may have not known what to do with the talents on display, but he attracted enough of them so that some entertainment almost inevitably results. And Fonda’s Alice-in-Wonderland line readings — “A lot of dramatic situations begin with screaming!” — are crucial to preserving the air of innocence that stops the thing getting mired in pervy Euro-misogyny. What Robert “will this do?” Rodriguez’s proposed version would be like is anybody’s guess, although I predict lacklustre CGI banality might form approximately 99.9% of the experience, but it seems at least conceivable that Rose McGowan could contribute some Fonda-esque charm. She’s got something, that girl."
"-Somprehensive Education Plans"
"I kept saying that someday I'd make Max his own little quilt with stars on it. After digging through my fabric scraps I finally did it."
"The latest batch of newcomers shouted chants in praise of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, a one-time ally and close friend of Assad."
"I know, my email box is constantly filled with what I would refer to as junk, but it’s about staying focused to your Goal. Deciding on committing to a program and then not getting side tracked by all the other “Gurus” out there who will vie for your business."
"Here is just one of the houses I took a photo of while I visited Sullivan's Island. Can't you just imagine sitting on one of these porches (or do you call them verandas) and sipping ice tea and whiling away the hours?"
"Not one to let a half-baked hunch go unexplored, Jake heads down to the local Tower Records and buys a copy Holly Goes to Hollywood on VHS (it was also available on Beta). After some diligent fast-forwarding, he soon discovers that the body in question belongs to Holly Body (Melanie Griffith), a svelte porno queen who seems to be modeled after Cara Lott (who appears briefly in a scene with Brinke Stevens). Determined to get close to Holly, Jake weasels his way into the adult film industry. Actually, all he did was make a phone call, show up for an audition, recite his two lines, and he was in."
"Here's the cheeks in action, and you can't tell from the picture, but she has a dimple on her left cheek! Sweet!"
"I added a photo of the desk, in my home, where I work on my fashion blog. The room has a Marie Antoinette/ Victorian style vibe..."
"Your admired bold of all time:"
"Calories: 83 Fat Cal: 0"
"5. Photo booth cramming"
"Rated R for som violent and gruesome images, language and sexuality. (Parental guidance is highly recommended, but if you're like me, then you'll just say, \"Ah, screw it\" and watch it anyway. I mean, it is on the internet where anyone can see it, so you might as well enjoy it. I personally thought it was a great movie. Lots of action and suspense.)"
"Subway 6\" Turkey Breast Sandwich (add all the veggies you want"
"License"
"15. Les sunlights des tropiques - Gilbert Montagner / 3:57"
"Tongues of Fire Headbands Craft- Use card stock paper or cardboard to cut out flame shapes. Have the children paint them with water colors or glue red and orange pieces of tissue paper on it to make it look like flames. Use a strip of paper for the headband, fitting it to each child’s head and using a stapler to secure the headband. Attach the flames to the headband using the stapler as well."
"Yes, we soothe our children to sleep every night with stories of wicked stepmothers/sisters, witches, wolves, evil queens, giants, and the like. I mean, Bambi’s mamma gets shot by a hunter, Little Red Riding Hood is chased by a wolf who wants to eat here, Snow White and Cinderella had to deal with wicked stepmothers, and the 3 Little Pigs had a big bad wolf huffing and puffing trying to blow their house down!"
"On top that, the glorious art direction literally seeps gaudiness, as every frame is saturated in a garish shellac that invigorates the eyes and threatens the bowels. The costumes, especially the ones worn by the female characters, induce seizures through their overt chromatic splendour. (The shade of green used for the nurse get-ups was quite pleasing.) And the plot involving a Lawrence Welk-style television station called Denton, where celebrities are made overnight, was eerily similar to today's instant stardom/reality television universe."
"Once the marshmallow frosting was whipped to the right consistency, I piped it on as fast as I could before it cooled and set. By the time I piped the last few cupcakes, the marshmallow frosting had become so difficult to pipe, it was like squeezing a giant solid marshmallow through the piping tip!"
"I got some lovely goodies, lots of Beatrix Potter stuff, some Little Claire Christmas sentiment stamps, LOTV stamps (couple of new ones), various bits of card and bits and bobs and one thing I absolutely love is a wooden mounted House Mouse stamp…couldn’t choose which one I wanted but went for this chocolate box one. Really looking forward to Easter so that I can have a good old play! Also won a fiver at Crafty Bob’s stall and got myself a gold bag…that was a nice start to the day!"
"100 g (4 oz) powdered sugar"
"A total of 6,200 less employed"
"In our first year of brewing, we brewed 1,300 barrels of beer. By 2011, that number has jumped up to 175,000 barrels."
"Madhu Pandit Das has demonstrated ability in building organizations of excellence in the non-profit sector and is held in high esteem for his contribution to the society in humanitarian, cultural and spiritual spheres. He has been instrumental in conceiving and implementing many social initiatives that impact million of people in this country, giving them a better quality of life. Besides his achievements in the social sector, he has evolved innovative ideas in presenting the ancient cultural ethos of India in a modern scientific and technological context."
"Blue Asylum‘s many characters stand out and benefit from being called crazy. Lydia Helms Truman has impeccable manners but is fond of swallowing anything from rings to letters to checkers. Keep your jewelry away from her. There is also the elderly widow who believes her late husband is still next to her. She talks to him, kisses him, and even dances with him. Hepinstall creates a man whose feet feel so heavy they are sometimes frozen in place."
"and your faithful care,"
"The fire was put out now (something Creme had a little something to do with; her attempt at an ice spell turned into water that put out the fire (sure, it was hot water, but at least it wasn’t more fire)) and they were in the tent. In theory trying to sleep. It was really kind of awkward to be in the same tent as the draenei, right next to her in fact. She knew Brulee wasn’t asleep yet; she always breathed more heavily when she was sleeping. Not that Creme knew from staying up late and trying to sneak away at night. Nope, not at all."
"Can I just say, first of all, she takes THE most fantastic pictures this side of the Mississippi! If for no other reason, please go over there and check out her pix. For your own good! :) But you should visit for a lot more reasons- her family is adorable (so jealous of the natural red heads!), her adventures are awesome, and she has a fantastic style of writing- you can totally understand what she's going through when she posts. So I highly recommend you visit her site, and soon!"
"P is for POWERED"
"Now last year BT decided the public phone, situated in the middle of the village was no longer viable so removed it. However they left the box, empty and uncared for. So the local book club came up with a wonderful idea. They have filled it with books looking for new homes. They have invited the entire village to take part and enjoy using the new local 'library.'"
"Live Irish music from 12 - 3pm"
"Check out who else will be there too."
"These questions were fun to answer, but I remained skeptical they’d lead to anything I’d be willing to stand up in a white dress and declare. However, after a bit of pen nibbling and a lot of luke-warm tea, I did in fact transform them into a first draft:"
"both of the men speed off toward"
"Blissfully unaware that their relationship isn't what it seems, the two go about their day as they usually would. Since no-one cares what Paolo does for a living (his best quality, besides being married to Diana, is his taste in alarm clocks), we follow Diana to work. While riding the trolley, she must contend with the raging trouser bulges of the two arguing Italian men that keep jabbing their clothed erections into her ass and thighs (the erratic movement of the trolley causes the passengers to become easily jostled). Tired of being repeatedly dry humped by this two-pronged schlong bombardment, Diana decides to stand somewhere else. Which, if you think about it, is futile, since sexual arousal seems to accompany Diana wherever she goes (a young priest is the next to feel his pants tighten around the crotch area)."
"Yep, I've always known who butters my bread."
"People with borderline personality disorder have been victims of abuse."
"To this day I am still waiting for Good Vibrations to announce their latest African women’s organization partner. Indeed they made profuse promises to me and others that they would replace their support of Clitoraid with support for an organization headed and run by African women who are concerned with the issue of Female Circumcision. We all worked hard to identify potential partners but to this day there has been no announcement. If I were reading this from Good Vibrations, I’d make a move and make an announcement. Clearly the community is watching and waiting…"
"While you ask the ridership to accept a fare hike, what is being done to improve the MTA’s financial plan? What structural changes are being made to ensure future financial stability? Is there going to be an increase of services in the future, or can we continue to see the drastic service cuts that have taken place in the last 24 months? Are you building upon technical upgrades? It is important that the MTA communicate with the City at large what they plan to do to improve service, instead of lazily pointing to finger at funding issues."
"Not only that. It was not only the case that German capitalists followed Hitler, rather than led him, it was also the case that Hitler never really gave up on the vital parts of his socialism – even after the capitalists had come on board."
"Take Verna for instance."
"Goat cheese"
"Tide is giving away 25,000 packs of Tide Stain Release every day! Just watch a quick video, answer a question and if you’re right, you’ll have a chance to receive a free sample. This promotion is only open to those who haven’t received a Tide Stain Release Sample. Each video will be posted on Tide’s Facebook wall on the day of the giveaway."
"The last time I went to Las Vegas was seven years ago when I only visited for a choral directors conference with four other students who had little to no interest in eating anywhere that cost more than $5 or attending any shows and I didn’t really think it would be a good idea for me to traipse around the Strip, alone. Sometimes I make really good decisions."
"Thanks so much for guest posting for me Megan!"
"Likely - Run/Walk once a week minimum with a one week a month forgiveness making up on the next or previous week totalling 4 times a month, but only of which 2 are in the same week"
"It's a beautiful mix of Christmas Vintage and Steampunk Sci-Fi."
"(1886-1960) as the General Editor of the International"
"Day 6: How do you answer the question of how many children you have?"
"Post number three for today... For this card, I was inspired by this week's challenge over at The Play Date Cafe - PDCC114. The challenge is to use the color combo Burgundy, Gold and Plum. I would have never thought to combine these colors but I think they work awesome together! Here is the inspiration The Play Date Cafe provided:"
"The laundry room is just off the kitchen and doesn't look very pretty but I keep the door open during the day because I like the light from the window. With these framed tiles I can keep the colorful theme from my breakfast room on the other side of the kitchen. I blogged about my breakfast room here."
"Oh, good. Wait, my Daddy?"
"Action Adventure"
"I still need to find a way to nurture my spiritual side. I think that’s where I’m still the weakest. Usually, getting outside or even just opening the windows in the apartment will revitalize me but this week it isn’t working. I’ve taken enough Psych to know there’s probably something else going on but I’m not sure what."
"Sometimes words mean different things for different cultures or regions. Last week while Sam was watching"
"You know, enjoy the beauty."
"Because of their mystique and their unique sound, vintage condenser microphones have"
"After rinsing off the river water we assembled again and headed off to check out the Texas wine scene. We managed to herd most of our group to the Mandola Estate Winery, located in a lovely setting in rolling hills just south of Austin, with rows of grape vines improbably planted among the cattle ranches and barbeque pits of this area. A beautiful limestone building houses a restaurant and winery, with wine tastings available. We tasted a Pinot Grigio, Viognier, Rose, and Zinfandel, among others. Most were not memorable, though drinkable, with the Viognier standing out as the crowd favorite. The ambiance was lovely and the family enjoyed cheese and crackers, sipping wine and enjoying each others’ company."
"A Discouraged Foootball Player"
"After a few minutes walk forwards again and upon reaching the glass once more turn 90% as you push yourself back into the room you started. When back slowly turn and bring your mirror self/reflection back towards you. Breathe slowly , relax and return to the everyday reality of 3D bubble land. this may take some practice before you get it right, but after a while you will."
"Round 2: 2 HDC in each ST around. (20 HDC)"
"And if you happen to be in Woolworths from Anzac day onwards next week then pick up the May issue of the Woolworths Fresh mag. You might just spot a little photo and quote from Moi in there."
"Dearborn’s current Amtrak train station, built four decades ago south of Michigan Avenue and east of the Southfield Freeway, will be reutilized."
"We understood that wisdom came with experience, maturity and age. Knowledge was the purview of the educated, the wealthy and the gainfully employed, not feckless pinheads with an over-inflated sense of self-worth and Wikipedia book marked on their laptops."
"An infant’s cry pierced the still summer noon."
"Rather than covering the table with a cloth, I decided it might be more interesting to drape a soft, cotton lace tablecloth down the center of the table as a runner. I ended up using three vintage Quaker Lace cloths, letting them \"flow\" down the center of the table, spilling off the ends of opposite diagonal corners."
"Today is Jessie Harrell’s BOOK BIRTHDAY (and REAL birthday)! It’s a double whammy people! Wake up! Wake up!"
"This beautiful hand made Plant pick is hand made featuring a smaller flower with leopard prints and each topped with a sparkly jewel. The flower rest on a pick that can be stuck into a plant or other arrangements to bring a slash of color to a once dull area!"
"Attacks: 1"
"Now I’m crying. Now. On the bloody train. Not a single tear this far, and then they decide to all come at once while I have nowhere to put my right elbow."
"-3-4 cloves garlic, diced"
"I've got suddenly a bunch of questions of weird tiny backgrounds. I must tell now right in the beginning, that I still have no idea, why some of the backgrounds have shrunken. It must have to do something with Picasa, because I have stored all of them to my Picasa Album, and the links come straight from there."
"(1) That Paddy’s main motivation is his dealings with his shareholding in the Maybourne hotels was to secure secret side deals or “disguised consideration” for his shares. It was suggested that Paddy had worked out a deal with Middle Eastern investors which would pay Paddy GBP 5m (€6m) per annum for 3-5 years and that this was going straight into Paddy’s pocket. It was also suggested Paddy was negotiating a side deal with the Middle Easterners – Qataris in fact – which would see him get a percentage in any uplift in the value of the hotel group based on independent valuations every five years. Paddy denied the former accusation saying that any payment was for project management of the €200m redevelopment of Claridges and the Berkeley hotels, and that Paddy would only receive his expenses and Paddy denied the second deal, saying it never made it as a feasible option. It was further suggested that Paddy supported an investment deal by the Qataris which was worth GBP 875-900m to Maybourne and which would require due diligence at a time when the Barclay brothers were seemingly offering GBP 900m without requiring due diligence and warranties. It was suggested that the Barclay brothers’ deal was superior in value and absence of strings attached, whereas the Qatari deal was potentially worth less and did have strings attached. The implication was that Paddy was supporting the Qatari deal so as to secretly feather his own nest."
"\"The study of the periodic table of elements, reveals that these atomic microscopic building blocks are more than just scientific odds and ends. Each and every one is an opportunity to celebrate the power, wisdom, order, and ingenuity of our Creator!\" ~ Back cover."
"Dýrðin"
"Entry to the event is free and there's also camping available in a nearby farm."
"And be advised that if you’re standing behind me in line at the checkout counter at the Market On Yates, I’ll be doing the “old lady thing.” Oh, yes. I’ll dig into my change purse like a National Enquirer reporter digs for dirt on Lindsay Lohan, and I won’t stop digging until I find the exact change for my purchase. Right down to the very…last…penny. By the time I’m through counting coppers, that loaf of bread in your basket will be as stale as a Bob Hope joke."
"Here are your random numbers:20"
"But, dammit, I'm not the type who stands around not intervening. Especially for a little girl, no older than my own, who just almost had the hair yanked off her head by the woman who's supposed to protect her in this world."
"Palin did send to me"
"Some of the feedback from the last expo (2009) wasn’t exactly positive, but it shouldn’t have put people off."
"I thought it might be fun to share some statistics, which come from www.vanishingtattoo.com to show the effects tattoos are having on the world in the last decade or so."
"Hugs and love to you all tonight. Sending a wish to all of you for peace, love and lots of smiles!"
"In short, as a New Orleans prosecutor once said, “Corruption is not about greed, and it’s not about need; it’s about opportunity.” As long as public officials have the opportunity to abuse the public trust, with little fear of being caught or punished, they will do so — especially in a social context where high status comes with powerful obligations to reward one’s kin and supporters and to “share the wealth.”"
"Seriously, if you don’t actually read the bills, what are you doing there, you waste of space?…"
"The provisional 2011 schedule can be seen below:"
"Next, you peel back the glitter sheet exposing the silver side. This is the side you stick to the adhesive. I just slipped my heart right in the middle. Then, rub the glitter on just like a rub-on. In fact, I use my old rub on stick to make sure all the bits and ends are stuck down."
"But the CQC, which said 'systemic failings' had led to 'persistently high mortality rates', has ordered in a taskforce from the regulator Monitor to push through improvements, saying it has lost confidence in management's ability to do so."
"Nope nothing as exciting as Justin Bieber coming to town, just regular life for a regular family. Just the way I like it."
"Express the desire to be the opposite sex"
"Whenever in doubt over outfit coordination, you can always rely on a statement dress to do all the talking for you. Sit back and let a bold colour or print dress take the limelight, and work a few little accessories around it. It's the perfect way to achieve maximum impact with minimal effort! :D"
"Dom and I have teamed up this month and we are doing a joint challenge. So for those of you have been wondering what we have been up to. Voila! No Croutons Required Does Random Recipes."
"\"That's water vapor. It's not solid.\""
"I am spacey."
"Weird science:"
"I saw a production of Woyzeck this weekend and I loved it too much. I wrote about it. You can read my review."
"AppleBees Gift Card: Allison D"
"However, in the past few years, I’ve moved from fairly regular, if relatively low-paid, gigs in comedy and kids’ telly to developing fewer, bigger, drama projects."
"2. Jolly Old St. Nicholas"
"The third story is the only one not to feature Alan. In it we get to see what his mum’s life is like, creeping out of bed early in the morning so as not to wake Robert and then heading off to the local school where she works as a cleaner. When Robert was made redundant for a while she was the sole breadwinner but now he’s taken a course and decided to set up shop in the High Street fixing watches and clocks. Like most of the pieces in this volume there’s not much of a story here but that’s not the kind of story Andrew writes; these are slices of lives which is another reason why this feels like the skeleton of a novel but I won’t labour the point because I like this style of writing very much. It feels less contrived than more carefully structured pieces; more real. Lives aren’t neat and so stories about people’s lives shouldn’t be neat either."
"That’s what you get when you run around drunk, in a foreign country, and soliciting prostitutes when you work for the President of the United States. BAM, WHACK, SLAPPED DOWN, like in an episode of “Batman,” those guys got what was coming to them."
"A personal relationship means a relationship of response and awareness. A blade of grass receives its energy from Hashem. It cannot exist for even a split second without Hashem’s Will giving it life. Yet the grass does not have a real relationship because it cannot respond. It receives but all it gives back is its existence. There is no difference between one blade of grass and another. Hashem doesn’t respond to each one individually. There is no such thing as a righteous blade of grass who deserves lots of rain and sunshine, or a wicked blade of grass who has made major life mistakes. This is called hashgacha klalit, which means awareness without any involvement."
"Has Nelson Mandela considered it worthy to fight the ANC elite’s black supremacy domination?"
"In my bathroom. hahaha."
"Nevertheless this last incident is indicative that the ANC government and its staff have crossed the line of acceptable behaviour.\""
"However, just this Monday I went from being jobless to having two offers: one as an analyst at the firm I worked at last summer, and one as fiscal director/treasurer of a prominent nonprofit in the Boston area."
"Ministry of Justice: A new campaign that explains how the public can have their say on the work offenders carry out on Community Payback was launched today by Justice Secretary Jack Straw and Home Secretary Jacqui Smith."
"Rate My Drawings.com - this website is really great for the beginning to advanced artist. It offers a chance to draw online, view tutorials, join discussions, and enter artwork into daily competitions. Look at artwork from many people and give feedback."
"Lemistry is a book of short stories and essays celebrating the Polish science fiction writer Lem Stanislaw. You might never of heard of him but you will know work that has been inspired by his writing. It's all over the place... in science fiction films, computer games and fiction..."
"...i'm enjoying each second."
"Everybody knows the scene is dead"
"My mother is serving up plates of her home-made rhubarb tart. I smell it and remember our garden and the rhubarb that she once grew. I remember her rolling the pastry and warming the oven. I recall the welcoming and homely smell as I threw down my school satchel and pulled off my tie."
"We hope you'll go over and play along for a chance to win a Tickled Pink Stamps prize."
"The premise of Julianne Snow’s new Days with the Undead appealed to me at once because it is told as a survivor’s diary, reviving the oldest and original form of plague narrative. I remember reading Defoe’s Journal of the Plague Year in college, and many of the passages in it — the people being bound to their beds so they would not run naked and feverish into the streets screaming; the heaps of bodies; the fire — remain with me to this day. So it is with considerable delight that I see Julianne Snow reviving this form in her debut novel. Worth checking out!"
"Carol Denbow: Greetings Robin, and thank you for joining us on A Book Inside Blog."
"9 Trust Your Old Friend 3:54"
"As someone who has lived with chronic pain for over 4 years now, I'm always open to trying new products to help with pain relief. This product really does help to soothe sore muscles - something I honestly was a bit skeptical about."
"Do you think dogs know the difference between male and female humans?"
"Well, not actually me in particular...just my book."
"wipe noses endlessly,"
"John Nicholson"
"A naval aviator in World War II, he was shot down (one of the reasons he jumps out of a plane every year to celebrate his birthday), he and Barbara lost a child to leukemia at the age of 4 (and, of course, another child that is a completely different story that you'll get in two weeks). Bush 41 (as he is now known) came from a family that was dedicated to public service. His father was Prescott Bush, who was a Senator from the state of Connecticut. Seeking to continue the family tradition, H.W. was elected to the House of Representatives, twice lost elections for the U.S. Senate, and only entered higher office at the federal level through a series of appointments (U.N. Ambassador, Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, Chair of the Republican National Committee). He lost the race for the Republican nomination in 1980 to Ronald Reagan, who threw Bush the bone of the vice presidency. He could never be elected on his own, right?"
"Books become our friends, and friends and connections save lives. Not only \"will it get better\" after the teen years are done, we can help make them better for teens now."
"write about a book/movie"
"Status: On hold at the library, #1 in queue (I expect to receive this one first as unlike the others, there are multiple copies available in the system)."
"Ya see, lately my life seems to be on a standstill. A depressing one. Things is happening all right, but they're, well...boring. And until two days ago I was in the sort of condition where I literally burst into tears at the drop of a fecking hat. Before it even like, fell to the floor! (Man, you shoulda seen me reading Thirteen Reasons Why by Jay Asher. I. Was. A. Mess.)"
"I’m sure there are plenty of good people who work for this piece of shit company. But I’m only human. And really, when your job requires you to flush your integrity down the toilet like this:"
"CLAY: You're really old Mom."
"And your unthought-of Harry chance to meet."
"Woman is God’s supreme creation. Only after the earth had been formed, after the day had been separated from the night, after the waters had been divided from the land, after vegetation and animal life had been created, and after man had been placed on the earth, was woman created; and only then was the work pronounced complete and good. Of all the creations of the Almighty, there is none more beautiful, none more inspiring than a lovely daughter of God who walks in virtue with an understanding of why she should do so. (Gordon B. Hinckley)"
"Was it an ‘arm of the State’ which imposed a ten-year ban, on an EDL member, from going on EDL demos and even from accessing EDL websites?"
"Green"
"How the uncool girl was dictating to everyone what was cool reminds me of many, many fashion magazines. Take Seventeen's August issue. (I just read it because my dad neglected to tell me he gave it to me until recently, and he has my September copy.) Anywho, I love the section where they tell you the cutest stuff at the mall, so you don't have to work that tiny brain of yours to pick out something you like and put your own outfit together. I mean really, who has time for thinking for themselves?"
"fill me with power and perserverence."
"Last week I found it really hard to adjust to the commute and long days, so it was difficult balancing blogging and work. I was able to schedule posts almost every day, but I was too exhausted when I got home to comment on everyone's blogs. I plan to move closer to work in the next few months, and hopefully I'll get used to the routine and won't need to pass out as soon as I get home!"
"I look over at my carnations. Yet to blossom, they peek meekly from there watered holes. A couple of bunches spread across four vases. I've some near me bed as well. There's two clear vases and two tinted black, which provide there temporary home."
"While driving toward Gauley Bridge on SR 16, we came upon two waterfalls on Laurel Creek. The road follows the creek here, and it was very easy to find both waterfalls. Of course we just had to stop and get some pictures. This is a photo of the Upper (larger) Waterfall on Laurel Creek."
"Then, I think I should mention I have a Staff Meeting tomorrow. You know, that blessed free day Saturday? And, it's conveniently in the MIDDLE of my day. 2:30. Perfect. I love taking from the middle, especially if it's pie. Or pizza. Or even Watermelon."
"This is one of their digis, isn't she just too cool? Actually, when I saw her, I thought she was a picture of me....hehehehe...but her name is Margaret. I printed her and colored her with water color crayons and an AquaBrush. Gotta LOVE the attitude!"
"the collision and ferment of curious minds,"
"Beachside Properties Inc. has applied for Town Planning permission to change the use of 92 acres, and hosting the public meeting is one of the conditions the Town Planning Department sets for considering such applications."
"The theme was revisited again in Star Trek: Nemesis. Mind you, that's what happen when you let Tom Hardy near a Star Trek movie. We don't expect it from the cuddly Next Generation crew. Thankfully it's all forgotten by the next episode. By the by, you might want to clear your Internet History after this. Not because of its adult nature - but you don't want anyone to find out you've been reading up on Star Trek, do you?"
"We actually had to abruptly leave whole foods where we met a friend for dinner due to behavior."
"When Nixon learned about the burglary, he did not act on it prior to his reelection, because he reasoned, rightly, that the Washington Post would blame him for the burglary, although he had nothing to do with it, in the hopes of preventing his reelection."
"She saw Harry fall before her world turned into a whirlwind."
"Standard Edition (Edited) – Digital & Physical – 11 tracks"
"After feeling lost in the forest for a while, I finally feel like I can see the trees thinning up ahead and I’m going to keep walking towards the road."
"FA: Definitely. I had two laps today with that car for the parade and it is part of the history of Ferrari. Being every single year, every single championship in Formula One, winning 60 years ago with that car with Froilan and now 60 years later on the same circuit with the same atmosphere I am sure in the team, with the same passion winning again with the red car. Very proud of the team. Very proud of the recovery that we did. I think three or four races ago we were 1.5 seconds behind and now we were leading the race and pulling away so definitely a good recovery from the team and a very special day. Every grand prix is special but winning in historic places on this fantastic circuit, Silverstone, with the tradition in England about Formula One, the culture about motorsport, it is even more special."
"Years ago I asked a member of the Tupacamaristas what they wanted for the people of Peru. I was told: “We want to be able to grow and distribute our own food. We already know how to do that. We merely need to be allowed to do so.” There was no mention of green jobs."
"Amish ya fiction?? I think this is a first for this genre for me… How awesome does this book sound?? I just got an email from an ARC tour I’m with that I got selected to read this! So super excited!"
"In 2007 the Lyons report on local government found that more than a quarter of councils were already earning more from such charges than they were from council tax, and this has now risen to the point where \"sales, fees, charges\" and \"other income\" now yield £25 billion a year, much the same as Council Tax."
"“Humph,” said Marian, sniffing at her tea. “Far as I’m concerned, the best thing about living way out here is not having folks to talk to.”"
"Start Smoking: As a former smoker, I can’t think of anything sexier then wheezing, strained breathing, carcinogenic chemicals, yellow teeth and bad breath. May I bum a cigarette? I have the sudden urge to look really, really sexy myself."
"Letting you all know that I've got the fever!"
"If you will believe the truth about Christ, and what He has accomplished in His death, burial, and resurrection, you may receive not only the forgiveness of sins, but"
"First, however, I would like to slice and dice some of the founding documents so that we can see Constitutional reality. For our purposes here, the founding documents can be divided as follows:"
"Filter the Soaked Urad dal in a sieve.Grind it with Green chilli,Asafoetida, ginger and salt into a coarse paste. Avoid using any water and only add 1 tsp or so if having trouble grinding it. Drop the blended mixture in a bowl n add the rest of the ingredients .Mix it well till combined."
"2nd Chance Poems or 1st time shares"
"What did you buy during the holidays that you shouldn't have purchased?"
"In a large bowl sift in the flour, salt, bicarbonate of soda, baking powder and spices. Add both sugars and mix well."
"woebegone dross of shambolic rhapsodies"
"There isn’t a tag on the other gray fiber. I don’t know what it is. I asked my spinning teacher and she wasn’t sure either. It is more of a brownish-gray color. It has some white hairs sticking out from it. It dyed a darker blue color, which looks like new denim jeans. Another pleasing color."
"I'm sure a lot of people find my poetry boring."
"Felicity smiled, as much at his use of her shortened name as anything else. After a pause she said, ‘So…’ expecting some new marvel."
"I was outside doing yard work as always , since it is spring. I just got my patio cleaned off from winter and fall leaves and branches . Then it stormed again last weelend and then I had more tree branches and those twirle things , we use to call them helicopters."
"Silence again. He could feel his heart beat accelerating. So he had been right. There was something wrong. He then chose to soften his tone and asked her again, “Iqra, tell me what happened? Please? You are making me nervous.”"
"Taking just the situation up to this point then, one option based on what I said back in 2007 becomes possible. Workers could argue, let it go bust. Savers would get their money back, and the bank itself would become next to worthless. If I were a worker at AIB, in the meantime I would be arguing for an occupation of the only thing that has real value, its buildings and offices, and access to all the information, and equipment contained in them. From that position of strength, the workers could argue for all of that, including its loan book to be sold to them to operate as a Workers Co-operative. If the Workers only agreed to pay the market value of these assets then they have the basis for running an important financial institution from a sound basis. From the beginning they should make contact with the Co-op Bank in Britain to organise a joint venture, and with the rest of the Co-operative Movement and Trade Union Movement throughout Europe."
"Wonder about that."
"You’ve been there before and then you know what to do when you see that behavior happen or when you see that circumstance."
"Short and sweet only a couple of minutes to post!"
"This tale is about what constitutes helping/neighborliness. A brother and sister argue over whether money is sufficient giving or it has to be more personal. This takes them back to an incident of giving in their childhood. And what constituted true giving for one, did not for the other. Interesting idea: do we differ in how we look at neighborliness, charity, giving. Patti"
"In November the appeal was heard and denied and in January 2011 the adoption was granted. He filed two separate appeals which he obviously lost so he appealed to the Supreme Court of Arkansas who heard the case and ruled March 1, 2012."
"So why then do I find it so difficult to forgive him and this woman? I am so much better off. Better off than him, better off without him. Better off physically with the weight I have lost and the running I do and better eating. Better off emotionally with two kids who love and respect me and a man who also loves and respects me. Better off circumstantially with a beautiful home to live in, money in savings to draw from when things get tight, and a job I love."
"Cardiovascular training has been the poster girl of every good exercise regimen for the last 50 years or so. Just go to any local gym and the sheer volume of chrome cardiovasuclar equipment on display is astonishing."
"This guy is not currently in my line-up of “Must Meets”. I’m tired of being told, “you’re too picky, lower your expectations” or “just date around, you never know”. If I had a quarter for every time someone threw me one of those god-for-saken cliché’s I could retire AND buy real estate in the UAE."
"How do you express yourself in worship? Do you dance? Draw? Sing?"
"Days remaining: 158"
"I think Hemmingway once said \"The first draft of anything is shit.\" This has also always been true in my experience."
"Everyone thinks Evan is sick . . . Everyone thinks science will find a cure. But Evan knows he is not sick; he is transforming. Evan’s metamorphosis has him confined to his bed, constantly terrified, and completely alone. Alone except for his visits from the Wuftoom, a wormlike creature that tells him he is becoming one of them. Clinging to his humanity and desperate to help his overworked single mother, Evan makes a bargain with the Vitflies, the sworn enemies of the Wuftoom. But when the bargain becomes blackmail and the Vitflies prepare for war, whom can Evan trust? Is saving his humanity worth destroying an entire species, and the only family he has left?("
"There really exists a light at the end of all tunnels. We must be resilient and pioneering enough to claim, then find it. Lovely how this applies to any and every situation you may be in. I know it speaks volumes to me."
"experience in field photography. The core philosophy is that the outdoors is a great classroom and photography is best learnt by exploring it with a camera."
"The solution is actually quite simple."
"Seems like a very sympathetic guy, doesn't he? And A Moment To Remember just happens to be one of my all time favorite movies (see clip here). I'll be more than happy to support Yang Jung-mo in whichever way I can, so you can trust that I'll do my best to keep you updated on his progress in the show here."
"NEWS ALERT: Barack O’TomA will be taking another Bin Laden Victory Lap in 10 seconds…Repeat…Repeat"
"The closing short poem ‘Better’ evokes a dawn where the ‘sun /cracks the whole day/ onto a plate, / yoke stunning itself / in a rich clear mass / of promises. This is as rich a dish of plenty to end the book on as any."
"Cautiously bring to a rolling boil, stirring until potatoes are near done, then add:"
"The man was standing outside when he was shot, said Palmer. He wasn't cooperating with police, so they don't if he knew the shooter."
"Bake sweet potato fries according to package instructions. Once cooked through, immediately sprinkle them with salt, pepper, and chili powder."
"These are small solutions to small problems. That’s exactly where you need to start—with a less-than-earthshattering problem. You need to bulk up your creativity muscles, since they’ve been neglected for a while. You’ll be amazed how quickly you get creatively toned and fit if you keep tackling those small projects. And how those creative, problem-solving muscles can get used in so many parts of your life."
"This last paragraph is the reason I chose this letter for QueryShark. I've never seen the problem of multiple viewpoints addressed quite this elegantly. The main part of the letter is in Emily's viewpoint, and we get a strong sense of her voice and character."
"\"She isn’t large but imposes largeness on one’s mind, with her huge breasts, heaving even when still, her wide, heavy set hips, swaying even when seated, her soft hair, her wicked eyes, her…everything. She is young, I can tell these things, she is young, but experienced young. She is wise in the ways of the world. Pulses quicken when she looks at you with those emerald jewels of hers, full chest trust out purposefully, teasing. She knows what she has and how to use it."
"But you just can't steamroller through changes to the NHS without the staff. Not without the surgeons and the nurses and the GPs and the radiographers and the physios. It can't be done. I'm astonished Dave and George didn't get the memo. They must have been on yet another foreign lobbying trip when civil servants held the \"Sacred Cow\" seminar."
"We’d also like to take the time and give some respect to an often overlooked part of wrestling shows – the managers. A lot of our favorite memories involving big names in the wrestling industry wouldn’t have been possible without them. Who would have been the mouthpiece for Andre the Giant in his heated rivalry with Hulk Hogan if there was no Bobby Heenen? Who would have remembered the rivalries that the Midnight Express were involved in if it weren’t for the great ringside presence and promo work of Jim Cornette? Managers lend their gift of gab to performers who would rather let their wrestling do the talking. They have been an important part of this business for decades and we are honored to have one of wrestling’s most exciting new managers to our trading card set. We are sure that Mr. Late Nite will continue to deliver great promos and entertain fans wherever he goes with his unique brand of showmanship."
"Politicians, religions, schools, the anti gun crowd, you name it. They want to bring you for what you can give them, which is often nothing more than a feeling of power and self worth for the leaders of the group."
"Eat lunch at Frenchie. Frenchie has become so successful that they don't even serve lunch anymore. As for getting a dinner reservation at this point, I can just forget it. Do I care? Not really. I've eaten quite enough recently!"
"On occasion, Jack Parker, one of the two winningest active coaches in college hockey (the other, fittingly enough being Jerry York, the coach of the much despised Boston College Eagles), who also serves as BU’s Executive Director of Athletics can be seen sitting close to the sideline of a basketball game, enjoying a Diet Coke and paying more attention to his phone than what’s happening on the court."
"Having everything shameful and dark about your past suddenly publicized, hurts. There’s no way to explain away the kind of hurt that comes with public reminders of the ways you have failed. And who among us hasn’t failed? I know that I am not alone in this struggle; I know that I am not the only one who has screwed up big time. It is not only me. Every wrong decision I have made, every mistake I’ve made, it all leads up to this point: how does all this affect the rest of my life? Am I less of a person than I was before anyone knew about my struggles? Or am I more of a person now that I’m being honest?"
"Without reaching the ground"
"'Fortunately, the injuries received did not require her to remain in hospital and she returned to the home on the same day, where she continues to recover."
"Our government is rotten to the core ! Are we stupid or what? Vote in 2012. It is the most important election of our lives..."
"And going all the way is where I'm at"
"The prima videos also demonstrate how to alter their flowers a lot and I am thinking that maybe I want to add some flowers to the corners of the board. I'd also like to make some magnets for it so you may be seeing this project again."
"With all the different kinds of Italian food it is important in the Italian culture to savor and enjoy the unlike tastes. Meals are an important way for Italian families to bond by sitting down to a ten course repast that could last around three hours. Since acquiring the tastes is important and because there ar so many courses, the sizing of each plate is much smaller."
"Another aspect of sharing is finding those other readers who may have understood it in same or different way. In this way a small thought evolves in different ways and takes on multiple shapes and can give rise to many new thoughts as well. When I share books with somebody, I am never talking about a single book. My thoughts are a mix of multiple books that I might have read thereby creating some unique combinations that I myself could not realize until I started sharing."
"the only reason she is lying down here is because i told her too, but as soon as i go inside she will be at the barking again."
"I'll probably have a quick happy new year! post tomorrow, but all in all ... 2010 was a good year. I've experienced love that I've never felt before, experienced friendships I am so grateful for, got to see my sister and discover a side of my country that I absolutely adore, lost my amazing dog and didn't get into teachers college, but tried to make the most of my days."
"Circlin' like a drunken hawk"
"In 1970 there were 100,000 Muslims in the United States. Today there are 9 million. Within 30 years there will be 50 million."
"19. Making me special dinners and wonderful memories."
"June 8-17, 2012"
"- Catch up on sleep or refill on Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Lattes!"
"5. Family blessings."
"I started the blog as a \"virtual baby book\" for Olivia and to keep family and friends up to date on our life, and that's still who a majority of my readers are. But then I met my amazing January mama friends, and they introduced me to a bigger blogging community. And people I don't really know suddenly became important to me - and I felt like they became an important part of my life."
"-12 cup mini-donut pan"
"I am SOOOO glad I don't have to manhandle this stiff and heavy thing through my machine any more!"
"smell something and it'll take you right back. You can't even place"
"One of the reasons why the Argentine economy collapsed was because the country’s rulers had insisted on maintaining the value of the Argentine peso even with the U.S. dollar, and wouldn’t allow its currency to decline in value. Greece uses the euro and therefore can’t devalue. Without a currency devaluation, internal cuts are the remaining option to meet market demands. When Argentina defaulted and allowed its peso to float freely, the peso’s value fell drastically. As a result, Argentina’s exports became attractively cheap and because imports became expensive, a stimulus to internal production was created. Within a year, Argentina’s unemployment rate fell by two-thirds and it had achieved budget and trade surpluses."
"Mystery Science Theater 3000 - \"A Patrick Swayze Christmas.\" On one of the very few Xmas anthems with a fight sequence (there's one in the little-heard fourth verse of \"God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen,\" too), Joel Hodgson and the robots remind us that Road House can have ye olde yuletide spirit, too. I missed this during the Xmas song round up of 2009 somehow."
"With that said, this shall start my personal collection. A collection of which I am surrounded by daily. My surrounding inspiration:"
"Thirdly, many of the earliest arguments levelled against American media/cultural imperialism (dating back to the 1960s and 1970s) frequently ignored how international audiences responded to, or appropriated, American media content. Since the late 1970s and early 1980s, this academic oversight has been substantially redressed through the emergence of cultural studies (particularly as practised and popularised in the UK) as an academic discipline. Yet while cultural studies has paid considerable attention to national and international audience responses to popular music, television and cinema, practitioners in this field have historically shown comparatively less interest in popular print culture – such as magazines, paperback novels, fan publications, or comic books – and their readerships. While this trend has undergone a welcome, albeit gradual reversal, studies of comic-book reading practices, and of comic-book readers and collectors, remain relatively few (There does, however, seem to be more activity in this area concerning the reception of Japanese manga and anime, and its regional Asian equivalents, amongst Western audiences). This study of international fan communities of The Phantom will, I hope, add new insights to current academic thinking and knowledge about comic books and their audiences."
"Little did I know then that it was the beginning of my quest for endless adventures in the realm of food. A dauntless explorer seeking out the most palate pleasing experiences…"
"After the graduating class moves out it is fun to meet all new students! We have a lot of new couples in our ward, and area, that are seem so nice. We are excited to get to know them better. It is going to be a fun year!"
"Cookies."
"Highly recommended. (Some language.)"
"The story goes that they invited various eminent men to attend, including the botanist, translator and publisher Benjamin Stillingfleet. Stillingfleet was not rich enough to have the proper formal dress, which included black silk stockings, so he attended in everyday blue worsted stockings."
"And when I told thee he was of my counsel"
"Feelin’ guilty as sin"
"I don't know how far we are behind America, but this was part of series 16 with Police Officers Green and Fontana rather than Lupo and Bernard who I understand are this season's black and white detectives."
"alhamdulillah , yesterday was indeed a great day to describe. great for me & my parents."
"- If you had to show off about your company as SM trainees?"
"Bookmark – There is a bookmark tool available to mark a particular page."
"This is merely describing personality. In which case animals too must have a soul as animals often display personality traits. My own cats are a prime example. Tai is very timid and jumpy, where as Rio is aggressive and violent. My previous cat Zero was laid back and relaxed. Three completely different personality traits. Some people may say this is just the animal's instinct. If this was the case however then all animals would do the same thing, there would not be as much variety as there is."
"Sometimes it really is that simple."
"So, do you have an idea? What could you do with that idea? How do you plan on doing it? Go for it. It’s worth it. (And, it’s actually fun!)"
"Prologue: Hutta – Empire Start Planet – Level 1-10 (Imperial Agent / Bounty Hunter)"
"In a nutshell, I was hired, by an English journal, to cover all the fashion events here in Quebec City. The first paragraph explains the rest. A few details, a rue- is a street (rue Saint Joseph is in the lower city of Quebec. The city has been working to restore it."
"I stumbled across the book about"
"“There is positive development in this direction and we hope that soon we will have those who are interested in modernization, which includes technical re-equipment of industry,” he said."
"St. John Vianney, you who know so well what attacks a priest is heir to, pray for your brother priest."
"So where you might ask does the Slutty Samsung fit into all this. The Slutty Samsung (also known as miserable whore) is actually my latest phone. Those of you that follow have read before about my failed interactions with modern technology and its general dislike of me (which dates back to when I was in school …. do you know ANYONE else that gets banned from even walking into a school computer room???). Well my latest cell phone HATES ME!! She, the slut, has decided that she prefers my husband and does everything possible to end up in his hands where she then ceases all obstinate behaviour and acts perfectly. But I KNOW the truth and the truth has been witness by my friends when my husband is not around …. and the truth is my phone is a possessed, slutty piece of technology that should obviously belong to a man!!! Well Slutty Samsung the war is on!!! Discussions have commenced about possibly trying to depossess or bind the evil thing with magic … but for now I find just turning it off and ignoring it also work."
"Six months of heat and dryness does work on the body in hard, tangible ways. Welcomed, new rains bring moisture to the skin and the lungs, healing. This extreme newness, however, will stay. An equal balance to the dryness, the wet will remain an equal duration. It, in turn, will work upon my body, my mind, until my-one-time-savior will become my-heaviest-oppressor, and in such I will beg my previous oppressor–the dry heat–to return, to save me."
"Furthermore, it is not every day that you get a chance to sample the great Bush Prestige or the Deus, the latter described as the most heavenly drink among the Brut beers in the latest edition of Michael Jackson's The Great Beers of Belgium."
"and a red masque"
"Green capsicum-1 (cubed)"
"-Miz on the mic while he does the walk. He doesn’t sound happy to be on the preshow or with John Laurinaitis for letting him down after HE won for HIM. He’s going to turn this shit into a positive by making this the must seen thing on Youtube. Miz then shits on Chicago before saying he will win the US Title tonight."
"Another day to spend, un-wasted, to cherish."
"The Russian Orthodox Greek Catholic Church in America, which was renamed the Orthodox Church of America in 1970, declared itself autonomous at a time when the Russian Orthodox Church in Russia was experiencing serious persecution at the hands of the Bolshevik government and was struggling for its survival. In 1920 Patriarch Tikhon of Moscow directed all Russian Orthodox churches outside of Russia to govern themselves autonomously if the central administration were disabled or if they were unable to contact it. The ROGCCA declared itself autonomous without the necessary condition of the inability of the central administration to govern them. The Russian Orthodoc Church did not actually grant autocephaly to the OCA until 1970. All autocephalous Orthodox Churches , however, do not recognize the atocephaly of the OCA."
"Two viking units manage to cross the river on the Scottish left. Is it too late though?"
"2 tablespoons of well-rinsed capers"
"I'll just leave this here for you to think about."
"Love in the first degree"
"To celebrate this day check special promotions or sales at supermarkets in honor of National Orange Juice Day. Individuals who want to celebrate the occasion can try their hand at making some freshly squeezed orange juice (or simply buy some from the store) and then share it with coworkers or family members."
"So what's missing from this look? The thing that really jumps out at me is the lack of waist definition. Martha has well-proportioned bust and hips combined with a small waist, which puts her in the enviable position of being able to wear just about any type of belt she wants. She could do something as simple as use a thin, solid color belt in the same shade as the dress to bring more emphasis to her waist. She could use a wider belt for a more exaggerated look; it could stay on the subtle side and match the dress, or for higher contrast she could go with a dark brown belt for this particular outfit. The thing about dresses such as this one is that the long expanse of continuous pattern doesn't cause your eye to rest anywhere; it just continues straight on down to the boots. The advantage of this situation is that you have the opportunity to easily draw the eye wherever you want to with minimal accessorizing. Depending on where you position the belt and how wide it is, you can create any sort of shape you want."
"- Wire - Chairs Missing and 154... (already saw them do Pink Flag at The Barbican)."
"Zest the lemon and add zest, juice, vanilla, and cranberries"
"To be told there's no need to write back is comforting, as long as I can believe it's sincere. Given I have only one typing hand, some friends can have no idea what they are asking of me if they expect full answers - much as I would like to give them."
"Perhaps the most abstract works in the show, Horizont 1, B11, 2011, and Eis (Ice), B11, 2011, give us the overall theme: we think we see something; we try to make it out, but ultimately any attribution of meaning or cultural positioning to the blurred image is speculation and projection by the viewer. Writers are fond of quoting Duchamp’s “The spectator makes the picture” when faced with Havekost work, and rightly so—you can certainly see these works as the flotsam of an over-mediated culture, an overly cropped, positioned, strategized, and interpreted society that is more uncertain of its own meaning and story as ever. Havekost redeploys (another hip term) the flotsam as representations of us, of us that cannot represent much of any truth other than our failure to find coherence in a troubling world. In failing to represent, he shows representation’s doom of continual failure."
"Because of the nature of some of these movies and TV shows, I’m not certain that I would allow my children to sit in front of the television and watch them, but things were different back then and we as children had a lot more autonomy than ours do in these times. I do not fault my parents now but thank them and wonder now at these shows, knowing that television is used as programming. Whatever the purposes might have been by those in charge of such, the outcomes surely could not have been known in advance. Insofar as a mind can be opened, experience can be moderated by the capacity of a mind to conceptualize beyond the mundane. Opening minds seems to have been one of the major intents of a certain type of media programming back in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Considering that some of the tales told in these television shows and movies are ancient in conception, their relevance to our current dilemmas and questions as a species is quite interesting."
"Something totally off topic from the above… I have been wanting to travel to Europe for a long time now. My brother and I were planning a trip to Ireland sometime late this fall. My Aunt called me last week and asked me if we would like to go with her and my uncle. They have a time share and it will have an extra room. This really caught me off guard because it is very short notice. It was so nice of them to ask because it will save us a ton of money being able to stay with them. So long story short I spoke with my brother and we were able to get him a passport (thank goodness for expedited processing) and find plane tickets. So it looks like we will be going to Ireland (does a happy dance). The only thing is, we leave next Thursday the 12th! That is insane fast! So I have been getting things settled here so we can go and not have to worry about anything. However I worry about the plane seat. In fact I am so freaked out about it. I am flying United and according to the seat guru website the plane seats are 17″ wide. That’s going to be a tight squeeze. I will be sitting next to my brother though so we can lift the arm rest and I did call and reserve a seatbelt extender incase it’s needed. My biggest fear is being removed from the plane due to the seat. Maybe I am over thinking this too much, it’s quite possible I tend to do that often. I just don’t want to be embarrassed in front of all those people. I am really working on getting myself healthy and in shape but Ireland came before I could lose a few more lbs. I know everything happens for a reason and I am grateful that my aunt and uncle asked us along. I just cant help but being nervous."
"I tried really hard to resist this one. I really did. In fact, when all the Leaf Peep first went up, I managed to hold out, but then I saw this Targhee, and my brain said “Sweater Lot,” and my fingers said “Okay then.” There’s 20 ounces of Targhee here, from Spunky Eclectic, in this beautiful colorway, Leaf Peep."
"We would like to hear what your favorite food/recipe is this time of the year. Healthy or not who cares, I just want to know if there is something amazing out there that we are missing out on. If there is feel free; and post it to our FaceBook Wall."
"The project began with a rough sketch of the historical area supplied by Katherine, together with a draft of Bucephalas’ manuscript as a guide."
"EXTENDING the lesson, I plan to make sure each student has an organizer for each: Toot and Puddle. Their job will be to analyze the similarities and differences between the two pig characters."
"Although many ready-made masks are now offered on the market, you really can create your own mask with ease. In addition to cheap, nutritious, natural ingredients are used also does not have harmful effects to the skin."
"The equivalent book direct from Lightning Source for the ‘under 200 page’ example costs less than £3. The author prices remain better than the costs from many of Spire Publishing’s competitors. In our example, if the author were ordering more than 50, but less than 150 copies, the unit price to the author would be £4. Spire Publishing give full bulk discount details on their website."
"Many of these rules were taken from my notes from reading The Mother at Home."
"It's a lot more than an arena, actually."
"A car stereo system provides entertainment for your car and choosing the best audio system solely depends on your preference. It does not have to be a high-end device or the loudest one. Start by thinking what you really want that meets your requirement."
"But perhaps in the coming months I shall return to this list, and remember what I was looking for, and read every one."
"Sometimes a dude just needs to have a beer before he finds his way home. Today was that kind of day for me. I'll admit I called Wes to see if he wanted to check out Crosstown Station, but I didn't push too hard when he said he was going to go work out. I didn't want to stay out long and for some reason drinking with Wes always turns into a \"well I'll just have one more\" situation. I didn't need that, I'm going out tomorrow night for drinks with coworkers so I certainly didn't need to drink more than 2 beers. This would be the perfect time to check out Crosstown Station and chat with a bartender about business (remember, I'm always working for you, our dear reader)."
"Brady puts in so much effort and energy into this sport and I’m so proud of his commitment, dedication and work ethic. Honestly though, the waiting is the worst! We can wait hours between matches some days and have spent 8+ hours at some tournaments on a Saturday. For wrestling up to 6 minutes per match and for only 6ish matches at a tournament that’s a lot of down time!"
"The other huge change from last year’s cycle has been my nutrition. Last year, I lost about 10 lbs from January to May during marathon training, but didn’t pay a lot of attention to my nutrition. This year, I have been eating mostly Paleo since August 2011, and I have noticed the difference in my energy levels during runs. I feel much stronger with paleo eating, and don’t seem to crash as much during my long runs. However, eating right after my runs is a lot more difficult, and takes more thinking and pre-planning, as I can’t just go grab a Safeway sandwich (a fave after running last year)."
"Ready to take on a challenge? Try to make the majority of your meal: VEGGIES! This means you’ll be eating less carbohydrates and less fat. But, you’ll be getting more low-calorie, antioxidant and fiber-rich veggies. So you’ll fill up on fewer calories. In a month you could lose 3-8 pounds just by eating more vegetables!"
"Do you know that Japanese people used to say that meat eaters and milk drinkers had a distinctive smell when those items weren’t a big part of their own diet?"
"1/2 a medium onion, grated on a box grater or pureed in a processor"
"Wee Z made a few friends including a little Polish girl who he really clicked with and they spent a lot of time playing together which was really lovely. I was pleased to see my little boy making friends very easily and they were lots of families there with young children. In the evening after dinner, we went to the kids disco in the Pool Bar. We booked our holiday with Thomas Cook so there was a Thomas Cook Entertainment Team. They were fabulous! Wee Z and Miss C were really taken with them and loved joining in with the games and dance routines. They also got to meet Dizzy and Shades, but weren't so keen on being photographed with them. I also won 65 euro when we played bingo one night which made my week! There were plenty of activites on during the day such as Kids Club and also games of water polo and volleyball which Husband enjoyed."
"MC: Rolls her eyes."
"Those who fear the consequences of ‘tampering with nature’ object strenuously to such experimentation. On the other hand there are too many hungry mouths in the world for us to avoid such agricultural experimentation. Cross your fingers and hope that this new variety of good grain and vegetables will actually build muscles faster, make human beings live long. Who knows? GM may have bad effects but can good effects be ruled out. And if this new grain makes human beings sterile, is this entirely a bad thing? Can the planet not do with fewer homo sapiens? I wonder what the stance of the Catholic Church will be on this."
"Congressman Barzaga: Your Honor…"
"\"Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them.\""
"So, just to begin to catch you all up on the barn happenings of late:"
"Who could be the interviewer? Not me. I have the art passion, the art history excitement, the desire for art stories, the awe for creation, and the insight to see that this is what society lacks. Alas, I am too much of an introvert."
"It's been such an amazing adventurous journey for me on so many levels. My common sense knows all good things must come to an end. After all, “Nothing is permanent.”"
"-Marc Jeuland (Olympic Trials Marathoner)"
"- Some Brittle oils & Butters may become grainy in lip balms unless they are tempered - allowed to remain at a sustained temperature for a period of time (just like tempering chocolate). Heat and maintain a temperature of approximately 100 degrees for Cocoa and Mango Butter, 170-185 degrees for Shea Butter, for a minimum of 15 -30 minutes before cooling and adding to your recipe."
"Sixth, a trainee is basically a glorified assistant. Your responsibilities seem only to be helping out with the setting up and breaking of camp, helping preparation of breakfast, lunch and dinner and cleaning, and mingling with guests on the drives. Not hugely laborious, admittedly, but I thought the idea of a trainee was that they were “trained” on how to do the job. Rather than teach us any of the accounts, or how to get groups through immigration, or organise local safaris, we were just used to make the boring jobs easier."
"After a bathroom remodel I needed a new piece of artwork for the now newly painted walls and I didn’t want to spend a fortune for a piece of art. So of course I was just starting to get the pinterest thing. I was like huh I just pinned something that would look great in my bathroom. A totally easy looking silhouette canvas. Here’s where I got the idea from http://tatertotsandjello.com/2011/07/summer-social-guest-project-make-mod.html . It is super easy and It looks professionally done. Who knew the most unartistic person could be an artist."
"If you have an extra half hour for lunch."
"Marge looked around in a small cupboard near his bed. As he rifled through bags and packets of shooting equipment he asked some questions about how I was getting on with the needle. I explained I wasn't organised yet and that injections still took a while and I'd without fail leave huge marks and still had trouble hitting even the huge veins, though I did always manage. Marge closed the little cupboard. I saw him pull a face. Then he was up and rifling through what would normally be sock drawers. “Oh Fuckery, I was sure I had some,” he cursed, “let me go upstairs and get one of Bill. Bill always has needles... and no gear!”"
"I'm not sure I'd ever been so happy to be done running. I know I looked like a hot mess as I crossed the finish line (there is photographic evidence, but I'm choosing not to share :o). I tried to stop and let a volunteer cut the timing chip off my shoe, and started more or less falling over. I was drained. It was a bit embarrassing :o). As soon as I stopped running all he muscles in my lower back and down the back of my legs started screaming in pain. It sucked, but it also felt kind of good to know I had pushed myself to the max. I didn't have anything left."
"Chapter 19: Rule Breakers"
"these girls just get it."
"If only there were a vast existing literature, much of it not making reference to God at all, about what rationality and cognitive obligation and function and malfunction might mean! If only this vast literature were available in any decent university library, easily accessible by anyone in the Philosophy profession!"
"This last one, when read aloud, has a chant-like quality. You can see how his work shifts to more experimental, less accessible poetry--something for which he's often criticized."
"Here are mine (before being topped):"
"\"Why do I even bother spanking you? It does no good\" He's laughing."
"* This week has not been nearly as busy as last week was but its still not been 'typical.' Today will be the only day BOTH my parapro and I will be in the classroom together. I taught a behavior class one day and then sat through an inservice another afternoon. I'm glad the week is over."
"We went to dinner at one of his favorite restaurants, La Paulista, and then had chocolate cake and ice cream."
"Such Is Life follows Melissa Jones as she visits the small town in Pennsylvania where she grew up. Homecomings can often be bittersweet. Melissa’s heart remains in the country, but living and working in New York City for several years has certainly given her a whole new way of looking at her roots."
"3.What’s with Bruce Wayne’s facial hair?"
"This is the place where I met my son's father, and I know pretty much everyone in the community and he does. Every day in the summertime the neighborhood kids walk the 2 or 3 blocks to the playground at the elementary school. By themselves. Stupid? I don't think so."
"I have a mixture of architecture, birds, and flowers from which to choose ~ (plus there’s a lot more on the Etsy site)."
"Artist: Sinead O’connor"
"Ten seconds and it’s over. Nothing left of Agnieszka but her silver and green Mercury 500 trainers, logos filling the camera like startled eyebrows. The image of the year; of the decade, probably. The picture on every student’s wall, on T-shirts and placards and newspaper spreads. And the reason my boss will call me tonight – the front cover for Epoch magazine’s Review of the Year."
"So challenging...."
"“Bottom” -Tool"
"I have found myself being more patient with others. I am sure this has to do with all the self discovery I am doing as well, but regardless of the source, it feels good. There is one things that I have discovered in my patience: other people are really struggling to be happy. In this struggle, negativity comes out and sometimes is directed at the outside world. Understanding that these people are doing the best they can with the mindset they have (Deepak Chopra) has helped me to be thankful for my journey and not be harsh in judgement of them. They are trying. I am thankful for being thankful."
"January 28, 2009:"
"ISBN: 9780451236166"
"Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale"
"- Mormon Transhumanist Association president and Orem resident Lincoln Cannon gave a positive review"
"Negative feelings aren’t bad… they are warning signs inside of us, telling us to take a deeper look at what is really happening within us."
"Brauerei Eichhof Eichhof Lager"
"So, a series summary is in order:"
"The beautiful elegance of a conversation using sign langugage (I try not to stare as its considered rude within the deaf community...it is the equivalent of evesdropping)"
"music. . .Twinkle Twinkle Little Star"
"The documentary Poliwood, directed by Barry Levinson, explores how the celebrity and the politician have merged into a single entity; there is no clear distinction between the two anymore, if there ever was one. The celebrity adopts and dramatizes public issues, the politician is required to present their arguments with the skills of an entertainer, and both are required to perform on camera."
"said and say he is the one that"
"637 - Bill Almon"
"With this card I will play along into the following challenges:"
"The above advice is unsound when applied to names like Tebow – who the hell is Florida’s backup, anyway? I think it might be the transfer from Texas John Might-Be-Named-Brantley, but this is shooting from the hip at best – and Leinart. It’s very unsound when you’re Washington State or Michigan. The former had to hold campus tryouts last season to flesh out the depth chart, and the latter attempted to suit up med school cadavers midway through the Big Ten slate."
"(aka YOU!)"
"\"If T.E. Lawrence had chosen to continue as a British officer in the Near East,\" says the dust jacket copy, \"he would have been involved in this kind of adventure. For here, as only Talbot Mundy can tell it, is the exciting story of post war Palestine, with its race hatreds, its writhing mobs, and its political plots and counterplots.\""
"Hello lovely people. There may be a slightly more thoughtful (perhaps a little ranty) post later today but I need to get this out of my system too."
"(although I'm happy to do a separate post about our budget wedding if requested,)"
"Sometimes I feel all I do is correct B."
"What was puzzling, however, was that some of the faculty involved in the Singapore project had also voted for the resolution."
"The Good Cook"
"Karla"
"What do you need to know about it?"
"Paris knows this. It’s the apex of urban life and makes my hometown look like the pimply-faced band geek I used to be. I suspect the rest of France secretly despises Paris, fully aware that the other cities represent the proverbial ugly sister."
"This was the other card I made while Jennifer was visiting. I tell ya, I felt so inadequate when she was finishing her third card, and I was just barely getting started on my second! Sometimes (most of the time) it takes me a while to figure it all out. :-D This was the sketch Jennifer and I used for this week's challenge:"
"Rest in Peace Issac Hayes."
"And sings the tune without the words,"
"The plot takes its time to develop but its interesting because with each chapter results in an aftermath that is unforgettable, I found the ending in particular does not present a closed ending."
"Currently chowing down on blueberries..."
"It will be great to see who inspires all you crafters out there, plus hopefully, at the same time, challenging yourself. In all honesty it was a bit of a challenge for all the Design Team members too :)"
"Yes, Christmas is when we celebrate the birth of Jesus. But when I focus on what that birth means to me even now, today, and for all my days ahead-It sends shivers down my spine to remember that that is my family heritage! Holy cow. I am a descendent of Abraham! And these are MY promises, too! I have been justified not by works (thank goodness, because I could never uphold the law and be without sin!) but because I am a descendent who follows Abraham’s faith. I read many of these passages over and over again and just pondered them in my heart."
"I look over my shoulder at the much smaller college girl running behind me in her intimidating teeny, tiny sorority shorts. And instead of comparing myself like us women often do, I smile. Cause that little figure trotting behind me has yet to even dream of the miracles that my baby birthing figure has housed..."
"We can now address poetic truth. We experience poetic truths every day. Music is a common vehicle for expressing and experiencing these sorts of truths (as is art generally). Think of the songs that you listen to when you are happy – the songs you play on the jukebox or at a party. Conversely, think of the songs that you play when you are feeling angry, frustrated, and resentful – songs that let you to release your anger and vent. These songs have a truth that is difficult to analyze and define. It is a truth that one feels directly – it speaks to the heart as much as to the head. It is a truth, moreover, that grants access to shared realms of cultural experience. It is impossible to listen to Henryk Górecki’s third symphony without sharing, to an extent, in the pain of the Holocaust. Fans of punk, funk, rock and hip-hop use their favorite artists and albums as means of accessing complex cultural itineraries comprising attitudes, perspectives, speech-patterns, and codes of dress – shared social worlds that revolve about the poetic utterances and expression of the musicians."
"Therasense (now Abbott) obtained a patent from the USPTO after a 13-year prosecution history, where the application was repeatedly rejected over a prior Abbott patent. At one point, Abbott submitted new claims in the application along with a declaration arguing distinctions between the new claims and the features disclosed the prior patent. The tactic worked, and the application was allowed."
"Watching the diver working in the tank was pretty cool. He had to bat away a turtle that kept swimming into him, which was funny. You have to respect a guy that dives into a tank full of sharks and stingrays to keep the tank running and the fish healthy."
"Yet long before the ‘Last Son of Krypton’ leapt into comic books, the New York Journal-American newspaper unveiled a new comic-strip character on 17 February 1936, who - according to a growing number of comics historians - was the true foreunner of the costumed superhero genre as we know it today. And that character was The Phantom, created and written by Lee Falk, and originally illustrated by Ray Moore."
"Make It Easy"
"That was about 25 years ago and"
"Also went to a place to swim in the river simple called el Pozo where I had the opportunity to see 5 different hummingbirds, a very pleasant little town for chilling out."
"- or – cuz you’re the sweetish fish in the sea!"
"What is so extraordinary about the letters in support of Gulen?"
"Matter, who works with the program, said CarbFix is the first system that injects carbon dioxide into basalt, a form of volcanic rock. “The capacity of these rocks, the storage capacity, could be very large,” he said."
"They popped up again a few years later with Up! (One Little Indian, 1992) which I can’t claim to have heard, but by this time had added Haggis to their membership, who had previously played bass as a session musician on the Understanding album. Following this, SDW would undergo a complete change in direction on the utterly brilliant Sugar Kisses (Hyperium, 1993). A much more laid back approach than SDW had displayed previously, beautifully dreamlike and whimsical that remains a firm personal favourite to this day. They made their final full length album with Under the Stars (Hyperium, 1995). Robert seems to have more recently done some work with German Darkwave outfit Deine Lakaien on their April Skies album (Capitol, 2005)."
"Creative ICT can involve looking at different types of computer based art, graphics and photo editing packages. Pupils can try out a whole load of different types of software: some you might have installed at school (2Paint a Picture, Revelation Natural Art, to name a couple of common ones) and some that are web based (Bomomo, Brushster, SumoPaint etc.). Some that are mainly for photo editing and manipulation (Fotoflexer, Tuxpi etc.), photo collage applications (Andrea Mosaic, Shape Collage etc. ) and some that aren’t really art packages at all but have artistic merits (Wordle, PowerPoint, Textorizer etc.)."
"The new dual action DC plug is composed of a dual car charger splitter that allows you to power 2 mobile phones all at the same time in your car. All you need to do is plug the power adapter into your power socket and it’s set and ready to use. This is truly beneficial if you have more than 1 mobile phone in your car."
"So yeah, you know how I have suggested I already may have had abandonment issues? Call it a hunch, but I suspect this MAY NOT HELP my cause!"
"Mark’s emphasis is on the writing of this Gospel for the Romans, one of his favorite words to use is ‘immediately’, he uses it 41 times."
"“Don’t know… you considering being reborn?”"
"Here is the ESV rendering of John 5:39,40:"
"And I hold within my hand"
"He then went on to oversee the deployment of other officers in the 1990s, including Jim Boyling's spying on Reclaim the Streets and Pete Black's undermining of anti-racist groups including justice campaigns like that of Stephen Lawrence's family."
"Mouth feel is extremely thin. It's weird after smelling such heavy syrup that it was become a light and fluffy watery affair."
"If you have not done your research or not read the job description properly, your interviewer will be able to tell. Should you get the company or interviewers name wrong that probably won’t help your cause too much, unless of course the interviewer is forgiving and appreciates that such a slip is probably down to nerves."
"“If our neighbours support the steps we are taking to strengthen our economy, draft a new constitution, and hold our country’s first truly democratic elections, we acknowledge that,” he said."
"“Making sure that businesses can get the money they need to grow. This matters To Me, To Labour, To Britain."
"However, the city's center continued to migrate uptown, and Fifth Avenue gradually became what it now has been for decades, one of the world's best known shopping districts. In 1914, Lord and Taylor's fourth and current 11 -story flagship store opened up on the corner of 5th Avenue and 39th Street. And each morning, the sales associates gather on the second floor, play the national anthem (a tradition that started in the '70s in solidarity for the hostages in Iran) and have the rally, committing to sell, sell, sell!"
"Eventually I do take my towel off and put it down, and realise the other women take no notice. They are lying on the benches in the searing heat as we start to sweat."
"I’m being dragged now; he’s pulling me by my hair back into the hallway. I let out a straggled moan as I reach up to grab his hands in order to ease some of the tension on my hair. I struggle a bit trying to make it harder on him, but it only makes everything hurt more so I let my body go limp, it’ll be easier this way, less pain. I look up through my swollen eye lids to look at Jack, his brown hair in disarray, hands pulling roughly at my hair as he drags me. He turns to look down at me, his eyes are empty, and he isn’t there."
"Josephus of the Destruction of Jerusalem by the Romans in"
"It’s his biggest day as a preschooler."
"The one-sidedness goes back to the issue of excessively positive portrayals of Islam, compromising on real critique and deeper perspective – the “kid gloves” issue. The notion of kids spending their summers devoted to memorising the Quran, syllable by syllable: this sort of devout, all-encompassing religiosity discomforts a lot of us, and yet it was given a free pass here under the guise of Culture. More than that, it was given a positive spin: The Light in Her Eyes, really? If this film had been about Christianity, it would’ve been pariahed in the spirit of Jesus Camp. Not questioning, not thinking, just nodding along."
"If you’ve ever done fitness training, you’ll know that when you start, it’s a really hard slog. There were days at training when we’d finish and I was physically sick because my body had been pushed. But we had to give 110%.There were times when it was raining, and I’d train. There were times when I was tired, or sick, or not feeling like training, and still I had to turn up. There were many discouraging moments when the hard work didn’t seem to be paying off; for example, even though I had trained well, I would not perform on game day. Or I’d bomb a try that I’d scored a hundred times at training."
"What was the name of the Earth's original continent?"
"And now, on to the real juicyness of the day."
"So now I'm on a first-name basis with a pawnshop guy. Mom would be mortified. --Pg. 136 of an ARC of \"Breaking Beautiful\" by Jennifer Shaw Wolf"
"25) It’s girls like you that make days like this, all the more beautiful! +"
"I feel utterly unable to make a decision about a pile of things that range in importance from \"extremely\" to \"not at all.\" So in no particular order, here they are:"
"If Greece goes to next election, at least there will be one positive thing which is that Golden Dawn is likely to take less vote. All the else is uncertain. Depending on how the Allies (Troika) react, the people will swing their vote until the last moment."
"Alright, kidding aside, here are the rules:"
"Einstein said he could never understand it all"
"sits on my lips and defecates."
"This is just the overflow from my local swimming pool,"
"directed to fire at any attempts of trespass."
"1/2 red onion"
"But where I have a choice, I refuse to grow these plants:"
"of shattered expectations."
"I sent a note home with my kiddos to put a bug in parents' ears and one of my two projects is already funded only 3 hours after dismissal! So, now we're getting some new computer games from Lakeshore for our student computers and for us to use together with the LCD/Mimio Pad combo (which is AMAZING!)."
"Scale mail ($60+) - most scale mail armor seen in Wampus Country is lovingly handcrafted out of actual animal-scales, rather than pieces of metal or ceramic. Some young bucks take pride in wearing a suit of armor (leather & scale) composed entirely of a snollygoster they killed themselves."
"...one week ago today, I said good-bye to my Dad. He was 89. God, I loved him. He was so strong, smart, loyal and loving. My Dad was born in 1920 in Ford's, NJ, in a basement on a cold winter's night. His father owned a little grocery store. He was the eldest of 3 children."
"The bear’s feeding pattern on April 9th was consistent with those reported to police on April 7th. A resident reported at that time a bear stood on its rear legs in an attack or defensive posture while close to her and her dog; causing her to be fearful of harm. This change in the bear’s aggressive behavior was the subject of much discussion and concern for the welfare of the citizens of Marshfield."
"I don’t know how many people actually read this blog, but to those who do, I have not abandoned it!! Grad school just took over my life recently so I avoided doing any more writing than necessary. Didn’t do much baking during this hectic spring semester either, aside from these yummy cookies I whipped up while scrounging for baking supplies one morning, when the mood struck me to permeate the house with the smell of something deliciously sweet. I found an unopened package of Andes chocolates, along with some cocoa powder and nothing else but the basics, so I was set on making some mint chocolate magic happen. These cookies turned out delicious, and surprisingly very soft despite the cocoa powder… I think the extra tablespoon of butter did the trick, so don’t skimp on it!!"
"During the day, soldiers come and search round the outside of the house, saying they're looking for hidden weapons."
"\"Good Morning Cleveland\" - with anchors Pete Kenworthy and Kimberly Gill - is unaffected."
"Explore the world of Belgian Beers with this nifty little $1.99 app. Browse different Belgian beer styles by Brew Type, Regions, Food Category, Color, Season and Timeline. My favorite featres of this app are the History module and the Brew Type feature. With the Brew Type feature I can browse different Belgian Beers by Trappist, Abbey or Specialty. Each section is broken out into perfect little categories for reading. The History feature is just that: The History of Beer Making. I love to geek out in the History section. I also love the horribly rendered Monk as the start-up screen."
"Anyway congrats Anthony Hewitt, wishing much success to you, keep Brooklyn in your heart and you'll be fine."
"Speaking on their behalf, Pantai Jerejak assemblyman Sim Tze Tzin said the final straw for Wang was when she tried to get her pay, which had been withheld since last December, but was rebuffed."
"I have to live with today and enjoy every tiny bit of time that we have as a family…"
"Night of Joy"
"I’m not planning any competitive excursions, just a weekly hack around the Gower peninsula or the South Downs. Having removed, and sold, all the gear-changing gubbins the road back to a full multiple-ratio MTB would be relatively expensive, so the simplified single speed option left me with only two changes to make: the gear ratio, namely the cog on the rear wheel, and the tyres, the current, slick, Continental Gatorskins wouldn’t really cut it in the mud."
"If this guy can refrain from body slamming things, and just stick to making pizzas... he will be the best super hero ever."
"Hey 4-Eyes! Copyright Robyn Chapman, Cover Illustration by Derek Kirk Kim"
"These are the questions that keep the parents and grandparents of disabled adult children up at night. Fortunately, through a special needs trust our clients can make sure that their adult disabled child or grandchild will receive an inheritance that is managed by a trustworthy individual in a way that will not disqualify that child from supplemental security income, medicaid, adult day programs or residential placement."
"I also think it's a little funny that in 2006 when CBO reduced its projection to 5.0 percent, apparently they reduced it all the way back to the year 2000."
"To make it worse, it really looks as if Zuma did all he was supposed to do. He went to the national executive committee and said, “Look, let’s draw a line here”. They agreed. Malema then crossed it. And Zuma acted, supposedly with the mandate and full might of the NEC behind him. And now he’s seriously considering dropping any charges against Malema."
"Trees like twisting dragons stretch upward."
"With SRW out of the way (Cuoco review here, RN74 review coming soon) it’s back to our regularly scheduled program…er…blog. Much like The Doobie Brothers, we’re takin it to the streets with this one. Next up, we’re off to…"
"Read and let read!"
"I love that the weather is changing and we will have more reasons to sip hot chocolate and be still."
"Allen & Ginter baseball cards first debuted in 1887 and quickly became the most popularly collected cards of the time. They honoured champions from around the world, including boxers, wrestlers, and baseball players."
"For now I wanted to share with you my Amazon store. I do not sell anything in the Amazon store but I have just put together some of my favorite things at good prices. I am an Amazon Prime customer. I love Amazon Prime, I get 2 day free shipping on most things, and sometimes it comes just the next morning. Or I can pay $3.99 shipping and be guaranteed the next day. I have gotten so many deals, you can find Cricut, and many, many crafts and scrapbooking supplies."
"1 cup yellow mustard, any inexpensive yellow mustard will work"
"so we are looking forward to a few small trips!"
"Afriforum was contacted after constable Angelique Kok, an Afrikaner police woman, was allegedly cursed by Brig Ndebele for “not driving with her blue lights on” when they were on patrol Friday-night in Sunnyside, Pretoria."
"Averkiou is playing both sides of a jumpy pop and dense shoegaze fuzz, reminiscent of those late '90s English movement with Lush or Curve, ditching the experimental layers of feedback in favor of melody."
"I posted on Facebook recently about my storage situation reaching crisis point"
"Late this afternoon, I saw that I had a nice surprise in my comments. Dotty A honored me with an award--a Liebster Award! I had seen this on blogs, but never knew what it was. Well, if you're wondering, too, here's the scoop:"
"I decided a little challenge would be fun! This month we are getting all those papers in order! Wanna join? Take pictures and blog about your awesomeness as you go! I am hoping to do a giant, \"We did it!\" celebratory post where we can all link up our paper filing success stories at the end of the month!"
"Total side note, I feel like my hair looks quite dark in these photos. People who know me--is my hair really this dark?? Or is it the lighting???"
"(Wild Honey, by the way, is currently available coupled with the group's Smiley Smile—an album that is also a kind of dumping ground of material from those initial aborted Smile sessions—released the same year. Smiley Smile is a decent-enough album in its own right—and hey, it features their big hit \"Good Vibrations\"...never a bad thing, in my view.)"
"Admission – FREE if you register beforehand"
"Make Diddy’s bang exhausted faster 10 DK Coins"
"It seemed clear to Felicity that this would eventually lead to him offering her one of the capsules, and her years of anti-drug education had created pretty stable brain networks working against that eventuality. At the very least, she thought to herself, I’m impressed. If this is all a build up to spike my drink, he’s putting a lot of work into it."
"Speak to the child O bard out of Manhattan,"
"Until someone fielded a call from the DJ at the beach.(Florida: Beach weddings are all the rage. Don't. Just...don't.) He didn't have any electricity to run his music system. (Amazing. No power outlets at the beach. Dummy.)"
"Would you like to own a bottle of either of these two? Then please continue reading."
"Sorry for the anti-climactic story but it reminded me to K.I.S.S. it (keep it simple stupid!) when I was overthinking a problem during the week while swimming some laps."
"And experiences that create memories."
"I spent two hours creating the perfect curls in her hair. But you know what happens when things are turning out too perfectly don’t you? That’s right… mother nature steps in with 50 mph winds to ensure you haven’t forgotten just how powerful she really is! Still, we managed to squeeze in a few good pictures before sending her off on a night out on the town. After snapping to our hearts content, my mother-in-law and father-in-law went with me to have dinner in this little upscale Bistro in Salado, and long story short, we red-necked the place up just a little bit. I don’t think I can even tell that story, for fear that the laughter will send some poor reader into cardiac arrest, or at the very least, cause them to pee their pants. Just take my word for it, some of us don’t belong in places like that…"
"all of the hard work put into the club by all of our volunteers over many"
"I did not know? Every one of these"
"Let’s see…I know I didn’t play golf, I know we didn’t ride bikes. And I know whatever it was, I did it with Carol. I give up, and I will ask Carol…."
"Scot is an expert at comfortable, transitional, interiors. I think he has a real strong-point in lodge and smoking room style inspired interiors. When one browses his portfolio an instant sense of warmth, cozy comfort and welcoming is sure to follow. However, that is not to say that Scot is not a master at creating a more modern interior, his contemporary spaces are every bit as well done. His sense of balance with multiple patterns and colour palettes is superb, he also tackles asymmetry very well. I also admire Scot’s ability to create an instant mood for each space he designs."
"Shrimp and Egg-Knot soup (Soup Bible pg. 241)"
"* He was 5'11\" and apparently was pretty hot, by English standards in the early 1800s anyway."
"Overall boring day I guess. I'm sure I'm forgetting stuff, but I'm too tired to think, nevermind write. So I'm off (possibly to bed) for now."
"of his family, the burning desire to be"
"Genya Ravan: Back In My Arms Again"
"It means that, as popular and seemingly appealing as universalism and we’re-all-okay mentality is in our world . . I can’t accept it. I know that Christ is the Path to life, and all other paths lead to Hell. To pretend otherwise to people headed for Hell would be absolutely cruel."
"Date auction for charity - We’ve also rounded up 5 amazing singles; a few friends, a few staff… who are willing to put up with the creepy of the creepy (or even make a connection) with one of YOU."
"My friends, Ashley, Varsha and Hima did. I shared a few poems that I had scribbled with V and H and they both encouraged me to start a blog and share it with a wider audience. And Ashley, for some inexplicable reason, seemed to believe I could write even when I had shared none of my scribbles with him."
"Children of Sarah Ann Knight and Jesse S. Bostick:"
"I think of Spring and how much I love the mixture of brights and pastels, happy and sunny days, sprouting greens and blooming flowers. The contrast of light and dark is almost blinding but the light always wins out. This is Spring and I adore it!"
"The FlashTag collective is currently running a flash fiction writing competition as part of Chorlton Arts Festival: you have until midnight today (Friday 27 April) to enter! Full details here: http://flashmobmcr.wordpress.com/"
"He writes that ‘until late Tuesday-night they discussed strategies – and amongst the decisions taken were that regular protest meetings would be held outside the South African embassy against the Afrikaner-Boer genocide; and pamphleteering on the streets to raise the awareness in Sweden of the hidden genocide currently being carried out against us.’ They also undertook to issue regular media statements in the local language to the news media to keep the South African crisis in the news. And in South Africa the PRAAG representatives undertook to contact the foreign correspondents of Swedish newspapers and keep them updated of events."
"I spent the better part of a decade either ignoring them, or wishing I had the option of taking them off and on like a pair of shoes. Though if I really had that option, my breasts probably would have ended up being stored in a shoebox on my closet shelf, collecting dust, until they shriveled up into two pitiful, peach-colored raisins."
"“At least he’s happy” Lisa said to Jinx, who was still lying on the bed but whose sleep had now been disturbed “But she’s still going to be Penelope and I’m stuck with being Queen Matilda.” Lisa was still angry and unsettled. She got up and went to the door, listened carefully to make sure that her father had really gone away this time, closed the door, turned around and went back to her bed."
"you very far anymore as your privileges are waning."
"Finish: Short and adds nothing different to the palate. Balanced between sweetness and dry woodyness. Simple but tasty."
"Witten is almost 21 months old, and there are three essentials right now to making him a happy camper:"
"The difficult answer was \"I don't know, but let's see if I can make a rough estimate\""
"I can't say it's a happy Tuesday....lol....not when I'm on the road today and away from my family tonight :("
"I love the idea behind the Big Brain Club! Tell us about it and why programs like this are so important to students."
"I did, and she did. The biggest thing that came out of this was that, instead of being angry and refusing to talk to me, she started talking to me more. I can’t say what she was thinking, but my guess is that she trusted me to tell her the truth because it was obvious that I didn’t care if she thought what I said offended her. I became one of the people she would come to when she knew things weren’t as pretty as everyone was telling her they were."
"Most parents innately want to comfort their children though sad times or sickness. To do so requires a parent who is willing to give that gift, and a child who is willing to receive it. Yet so many adults are unable to be comforted themselves; they often subjugate their own needs and problems in an effort to offer themselves as a comforter to children, partners, family and friends. When a parent puts their own need for comfort at the bottom of the list, they are portraying themselves as superhuman or as martyrs, whose comfort is either unimportant or undeserved. When parents do that, their children learn to subjugate the importance of their own comfort in order to comfort others. While this is noble in some respects, it can also lead to the child questioning their own value as they get older, as they lose the ability to seek and accept comfort when they need it. This can lead to feelings of isolation or uncertainty in times of need."
"I also have some neat news to share, my dear friend Sherri has nominated me for the Liebster award!"
"I said many months ago that the Eurozone would have to release Greece in order to ensure stability."
"…while the rest of the family remained inside, upstairs."
"Research in and for Languages was jointly organised by the LLAS Centre for languages, linguistics and area studies at the University of Southampton and Scottish CILT, Scotland’s National Centre for Languages at the University of Strathclyde http://www.llas.ac.uk/events/archive/6541. It was held at Strathclyde on 27 April 2012."
"In a separate bowl, sprinkle 2 envelopes unflavored gelatin into 1/2 cup cold water. After the gelatin blooms, add 1 1/2 cup boiling water and dissolve. Add the can of condensed milk. Stir and cool. Pour cooled milk mixture over jello and chill overnight."
"Hope you had a happy Easter. Happy Peep jousting!"
"We took all the perishable food to Garrett's parents place on Friday, but that meant we woke up on Saturday morning to no food in the house....and no coffee for Garrett. I think that was the tipping point for him. (I had already reached mine when I realized I had no food)."
"The great steady wind from west or west-by-south,"
"If a Christian said he believed something different.. like the Arians (no, not like Hitler, just a phonetic coincidence) or Manicheans or Cathars, then they'd be heretics and fair game for a good smacking around."
"I even played with my refractometer on this batch and showed the touch over 16% brix."
"7)Pandas come running over to us suddenly, claiming that they'll tell us the secrets and mysteries of Gods & Goddesses. In return, they say, we could give them \"as much as our heart felt like.\""
"The claims in the '281 patent require actions by multiple parties (merchant, merchant processor, payment receiver). The defendants argued that, since none of them alone performed all the steps of the claims, they could not be liable for direct infringement. Taking the more liberal approach to joint infringement, the court stated that"
"Portland Cheers to Belgian Beers is one of the signature events by Oregon's breweries every year and about the only complaint I have is that the celebration is but one short day long. It's far too little time to try all the beers--unless your stamina and liver are sturdier than mine. The conceit of this annual gathering is simplicity at its finest: everyone brews a beer with the sme yeast. They are brewed to different strengths and styles, and festgoers vote on their fave. The winning brewer(s) take a victory lap, bask in the admiration of their peers, and select the yeast everyone will use the next year."
"Today I am here to share with you my take on the Clean and Simple Stamping sketch for this week...."
"Lucy is upset at what is happening to Hibbs -- those men seizing him, binding him, carrying him away, saying he must be drunk. Jerry is never drunk! The bat-woman tries to calm her. Please, dear, she says, didn't he tell you to remember your part and do it, no matter what? Yes, Lucy says, but he said he'd take care of Jerry, see that he comes to no harm. And so he will, the woman says, we all will. She turns to the man in the beaver hat. What was wrong with him? Too much excitement, the man says; he'll be taken care of and kept out of harm's way. But now we have to work fast."
"ANGELA: Please stop it, you know. There’s no reason to do this. Because it’s, it’s not necessary. She is going to have a tough life, with all these children. She is going to be punished. She believes in God so, you know, God is gonna take care of all this."
"This stunning piano scarf from Knitstant Gratification is knitted double, giving the appearance of stocking stitch on both sides. I’d love to master this technique by the winter so i can make eye catching, snuggly scarves in amazing colour ways. I’ve done some reading round it as I want to make “non-curly” stocking stitch scarves and this very much seems the way to go!"
"“Because you’re the ultimate boy scout, Paradigm. And nobody trusts me less than you do. If you’re on board watching me with those super-eyes of yours and ready to twist my head off the moment I step out of line, then that cuts down on everybody else’s fears of me going rogue.”"
"After talking with me, the doctor told me I’d have to attend an over-night sleep study."
"1 keys"
"DVDs? Don’t talk to me, etc. I have 3 House boxsets. The first DVD of Cosmos. Synecdoche, New York. And more, but I can’t even remember what any more."
"Perhaps the least accurate reporting amongst this anti-Coaltion extravaganza has been the assertion that the Coalition is in difficulties. I sat through the budget, and left the Chamber thinking that the Coalition has never been stronger. Of course there are Conservatives and Lib Dems who do not much like the Coalition. They never did. Can't get their heads around the fact that we did not win the General election. So many media reports refer to 'anonymous' MPs briefing. In my experience anonymous briefing should be treated as just that. If you can't stand behind your words, you are not worth listening to. Thankfully we have a Prime Minister who seems level headed enough not to be buffeted by all these noises off. We have a Coalition which has come together to repair the damage the last lot did to our public finances - and as far as I can see that is what it's doing. I hope it carries on doing just that."
"I hope you have all had a wonderful day and enjoyed yourselves as much as I did! Merry Christmas! (No need to stop celebrating, I especially like this time of year because it is acceptable to keep eating and being merry all until New Year's.)"
"The Dicks fist LP \"Kill From The Heart\" released in 1983 was a classic Austin, Texas commie faggot punk rock document of their lives. Living, objecting and revolting the lands cowboy stance. Burly punk drenched blues, anthems and raucous noise, they became local legends along with the Big Boys. The crudest panties with the shriveling Dicks.. Suck On."
"into the wet areas of the leaf, and allow the colors to blend into each other"
"STATUS: Davis files Motion to Consolidate with Sherrod v. Breitbart on March 23, 2012."
"Sori is just one of many women subject to torture and sexual violence in custody. In a recent report, the Asian Centre for Human Rights documented that four custodial deaths had occurred daily in India over the past decade. Those demanding medical attention for Sori fear the worst by the time she is granted a final hearing."
"My family doesn't follow a strict 100 mile diet but we do like to try to buy food from New England, since it's a pretty small area of the country and is a good limit to focus on."
"We’re going to cut programs. We’re going to spend — under my administration, we’re going to spend less money every year — every year. Year, to year, to year the federal government amount of spending will go down for four years until we get a balanced budget. And you can’t do that by — by — by grand schemes. Whether it’s the space program or frankly whether it’s the Speaker’s Social Security program, which will create a brand-new Social Security entitlement. Those are things that sound good and maybe make big promises to people, but we’ve got to be responsible in the way we allocate our resources."
"–How has my community helped revealed and embodied God’s presence in my life and in the community?"
"Head- 19 in. (99%)"
"ENO"
"but at the end of the day,"
"This particular fundraising letter used every trick in the book. The letter was very obviously designed specifically for Grandma’s demographic: Has a history of giving; farm owner; Catholic; and OLD."
"Yeah, I’m a bit of a day dreamer. Can you tell that I’m at a stage in my life where I wish I had a little privacy? It’s not that I don’t love my family and thank God for them. There are just times where I’d like to be able to read my Bible without one of the kids rushing in to tell me about the latest antics of Spongebob, or listen to hubby cuss the computer because Adobe wants to install another update (usually followed up by the question of “What do I do next?”)."
"I keep mentioning how I am picturing the background. Here is a quick mock-up that I made in photoshop as a way of planning how my final background will look. I haven't made my background yet in real life, but I want you to get an idea of how it will change once I airbrush it. I will need to make masks and carefully plan my airbrushing. Using Photoshop is a cheater way of seeing how it will look without doing all the work (or making a mistake on something I just worked so hard on). Hopefully this week I will have a chance to show you how to actually make this background with the airbrush system."
"Hercules is actually a real character in this movie--he starts out wanting nothing more than to stay at home with his wife, Deinaria, and after he gets shanghaied by his son and the king into the mission to Atlantis, he initially refuses to help at all with amusing results. Later, as he believes his son to be dead, we see more depth in the character than I've seen in any other movie of this type."
"The owner, who spoke hindi, gave me a large glass full of sugarcane juice which was cool and refreshing and promptly refilled my glass when I finished it. It was a really large glass and I struggled through the second one and had to actually hide the glass away for he was threatening to refill it again. Then he showed me the whole setup, all of it right there in the open field. First there were the bundles of sugarcane, all completely organically grown, and I was asked if the sugarcane in Punjab is similar, it did seem to the be the same smooth green supple kind, unlike the bleached white ones that are used in the cane-fresh shops in Bangalore. The grinding for the juice was done on this mill that was turned by a pair of oxen going in circles, who were now sitting in the background. The juice went through a pipe from the mill to a large pot placed in the next field which was a step lower. Then it was boiled for a long time over a large earthen oven and cooled in boxes placed in dug out pits in the earth. He insisted I taste some of the jaggery that was cooling, it was still warm, thick and viscous and tasted so good. This is the way it’s been done for generations, I was told, right in the fields where the cane is grown. There were already about ten big plastic boxes of jaggery placed along the edge. All to be distributed amongst family and friends, none of it sold in the market. I asked the owner where he lived and he began to insist that I come visit his home, which was just up the hill we were standing on. But we had to be getting back and so we took our leave and I promised to visit the next time I was there."
"In my previous post on the MySpace decision, I had criticised the judgement for failing to throw any light on the knowledge standard that would disqualify the intermediary from claiming immunity under S.79 of the IT Act. I fully understand the court's reasoning in holding that MySpace had 'actual knowledge' of infringing titles that were brought to the attention of the company. But there was no guidance on what constitutes actual knowledge as opposed to general knowledge."
"You throw the ingredients into your mixer the night before and after the dough is all kneaded and gooey, put it into a large buttered bowl and stick it in the refrigerator for the night. The next day, let that sit at room temperature for an hour. Divide in half, shape each half into a 6\" x 8\" rectangle and roll up. Place each one seam side up in two greased loaf pans."
"Statement on race reporting"
"water melons” in the excited boys’ opinions – but the village idiot Giuseppe wrecks their intended session of sordid voyeurism. Instead they turn their attention on him and start verbally bullying him, as he too was planning to watch the two men shag the prostitutes. As they boys taunt Giuseppe, he screams that he will get they, he will get them…"
"And that scene…the one where they break up (yeah, you know it happens in all romances, lol). Ugh, heartbreaking…why, oh why, can’t she have her love now! Let it all go! Take a chance! I can’t go further than that without risking major spoilers…but that scene we see through Cecily’s eyes…let’s just say *tear*"
"Once again with Rell, from http://rellkeepingitreal.wordpress.com/ I am blogging this week on life, nutrition, fitness and my pregnancy! All honest. No perfection. Just Keeping it real."
"(Just a joke! Love to all the mamas out there with van decals.)"
"Sort of brings about a physiological reaction in me as well, come to think of it."
"The 2007 Bodegas Paso Robles Viva Tu! ($28) is produced from 100% Tempranillo, from the French Camp Vineyard in Paso Robles. The wine spent about 23 months in the barrel, a mix of new and neutral French and American oak. It has an alcohol content of 13.8% and only 125 cases were produced. The wine has a deep red, almost purple color, and an enticing spicy nose. On the palate, the spiciness was strong and appealing, with undercurrent of black fruits, vanilla, and leather. The tannins were moderate and the finish was fairly long, and very satisfying. This wine felt like some of the modern-style Tempranillo wines from Spain and would be perfect for a hearty dish, from a pasta Bolognese to a steak."
"Attacking and excluding \"racists\" for \"attacking or excluding Jews because they are Jews\" is in fact the quintessential jewish conceit. It is the epitome of jewish privilege and supremacy that jews as a group feel free to attack or exclude whomever they wish, which just makes them good jews, and at the same time painting Whites who attack or exclude jews, or by \"liberal\" extension any other \"minority\", as the most stupid/crazy/evil people ever."
"I don't know the truth behind the allegations against Herman Cain, though I suspect there's at least a small element of how dare a black guy be a Republican among some who believe that minorities are supposed to be Democrats. Whatever, enough mud has been thrown that he's dropped out of the contest for the GOP nomination. So, thinking back to that vote matching thing I was playing with last month, who'd get most of Cain's support, Paul or Perry? And will the media there let Gary Johnson get any attention now?"
"Look at the final coloring below. I still felt that there was not enough contrast on Riley, so I added even more number variation- I went with E31, E35, E39. See how he pops off the page ever so much more?"
"Citizen's Income Research Centre (CIRC). Various publications. E-mail: citizens-income@lse.ac.uk and website www.citizens-income.org.uk . London School of Economics."
"Yes. It will be the same product, from the same sources. Same high quality, same great taste. We've worked carefully with our suppliers, and they're ready to provide the increased amount of product that we'll need for the new store."
"In addition, if you have all 8 like me, you’ll get a cool effect!"
"Suspended yards above Thom Yorke, ten large lcd screens dangled from thin, black wiring. They flickered green static and images of all Yorke’s bandmates. The enormous screen behind them resembled a calm body of water. Radiohead was in the middle of playing “Reckoner”, their last song before two encore sets. As the song came to its close, Yorke bowed and exited the stage. The entire stadium of fans roared."
"Frank McAveety and Bill Butler will try for their Holyrood seats again, Butler has the best chance, McAveety has a mountain to climb as John Mason is a hard worker. However being a hard worker isn’t enough, you need ideas and vision. McAveety will be working hard to get his profile back up for a serious challenge."
"Use a 1 tablespoon cookie scoop or rounded tablespoon to form 1-inch balls of cookie dough. The dough will be sticky so occasionally dust your hands lightly with gf powdered sugar to prevent sticking. Make about 36 balls of dough and place 1 1/2-inches apart on prepared baking sheets. Bake in preheated oven for 13-15 minutes or until cookies are firm but not hard."
"Last year, someone I valued very highly came back into my life after a long absence, and she began to ask me the questions that illuminated the labyrinth I had built for myself. She began to gently nudge me towards the light again. She reminded me of what I had once been. She reminded me that I was a writer… and that I still am, no matter how deeply hidden in the shadows it is."
"Since one of the purposes of this blog is to keep a record of our lives, I need to take a sec and brag about my flawless husband! Ohhhh... I seriously love being married SO much! Now, I know I know he's wicked hot, every gay guy in my cast tells me so everyday at rehearsal, but he is also seriously perfect in every other way too. It's oh-so cliche, but I am for realzzz the luckiest girl in the world! Here's why...As I have been super crazy pants and have had zero time to do anything besides drive and dance and drive and sleep, Easton has been the most loving and supportive dude I could ever imagine and more. Just to name a few of the things he has done for me these past couple weeks..."
"And then after a while we began carrying him up the stairs at night, and down the stairs in the morning. But about a year ago that ended, too, and now he sleeps in the kitchen."
"I yelled at one of the other students to get help and worked to get them separated. The recipient of most of the punishment was crumpled in a ball on the sidewalk by the time I was able to wrest Sandra away. I had to physically place myself in between her and the sobbing girl to keep Sandra from jumping on her again. I bear-hugged Sandra to keep her arms pinned and talked a de-escalating, soothing patter while my heart beat a hysterical tempo inside me."
"I left and felt physically ill on the way home. This is my life's call. To provide for the fatherless, the husband-less and the poor. And I knew that this was a beautiful collision set up for me to provide for two of God's beloved boys. And I failed. I am beyond gutted."
"I lie in my bed feeling utterly bereft. My ovary could be exploding inside me and all they're doing is masking the pain. My kidney could be damaged beyond repair. Still no scan."
"Lastly, I wanted a quick word on the cover. The top version is the final used on the print edition, but I prefer the version below used on the review copy I got from BEA, which shows the train and Mercy looking quite determined. Jon Foster did both pieces quite well, but the below is much more appropriate to the story and character focused work."
"“Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.”"
"manifest"
"TITLE: Last Great American Sideshow"
"I probably won't run this race again unless I go into it purely for fun, in which case I would just run the half, aka the super fun part. Part of me thinks I would like to run the full again to try and conquer it, but that part of me is stupid so I shall not heed its opinion."
"The weather has been very hot this week - unseasonally so, and not very conducive to knitting. It has been gorgeous, though, and yesterday I had such a lovely lazy day, sitting outside and making quite a little pile of crochet flower hairpins, all to go into shoeboxes, of course!"
"I will tell you this is going to be a rather long post so grab a cup of Tea and pull up a chair....."
"Australian Government. Taking preventative action: Government’s response to Australia: the healthiest country by 2020. Canberra: Department of Health and Ageing, 2010."
"stated"
"John said that, as a child psychologist himself, he was very taken with what he believed was James's questioning of the concepts of good and evil and what he saw as James's overturning of the simplistic pretty=good and ugly=bad associations one finds in novelists like Dickens. At the start of her employment, the governess sees the pretty children as utterly pure, but right from the beginning we have to question her view as unreliable: they have been orphaned, they have been more or less abandoned by their guardian, and the boy, it turns out, has just been expelled from school, yet she expresses the judgement that they have been untouched by unhappiness. This is only thrown into an ironic light when she later comes to see them as communing with the 'ghosts' and indeed, deceitful and touched by evil themselves. Everyone agreed with John that as the story progresses the governess's perceptions become less and less reliable, culminating perhaps in the moment when she reports to Mrs Grose the housekeeper that the 'ghost' of the dead governess Miss Jessel spoke to her, completely contradicting the earlier blow-by-blow account in her narration of the encounter with the ghost. Her perceptions are extreme, unsubtle, wildly reversed and, with a close reading of the text, unsubstantiated, often because of unfinished sentences when she interrupts, or fails to challenge when others - chiefly Mrs Grose or Miles the boy - break off speaking, seemingly eager to jump to her own conclusions. Finally she tips into a kind of illogical madness: all appearances of innocence must be fraudulent and therefore indicate the presence of evil."
"eat and of course, enjoy!"
"They seem to have an innate understanding of basic physics, Cassie lifts her feet high and sticks her little pudgy legs out straight when mad granny pushes her round the room on her little car at great speed, and closes her eyes tight when something flicks towards her face, and yet they seem to be able to see things which are not there as well, the imaginary cup of tea or the sound from the little car horn…"
"Sometimes I wonder if I ever won't be tired and cranky."
"“When we talk to managers, we often ask, “Do your people trust you?” Most are taken aback. It’s not something they’re often asked or a question they’ve even asked themselves. After some thought, most eventually say something like, “Well, I think so. I hope so. No one’s said he doesn’t.”"
"Valentine’s Day is a day on which people express love for other people. They send candies, flowers, personalized gifts, make dinner, go out, blah, blah, blah, etc. It’s usually pretty normal, kinda boring, and always the same stuff. Luckily, this world is filled with people who take life to the next level. Let’s start with the stupid, and then go to the really, really stupid."
"It's fine to have a few things in your wardrobe that you reserve only for non-work use. As a rule though, I think it's best not to keep too many of them, because for most of us, reserving clothes only for 'special' occasions means they don't get worn enough to make them worth owning. They take up closet space, they're often expensive, and they taunt you day after day with their loveliness while you go schlumping out in your boring black dress slacks and sensible shoes."
"I know that maybe this suggestion may make some people shout at me about its unsuitableness or tell me that this actually does mean I have some vitamin deficiency, I don't care. These spots/cracks/whatever they are, are painful and annoying and I want it gone asap. And, I'm not the only one this works for, my mother and sister swear by it too and a) we can't all have mouth herpes b) my mother is always right so there. I don't want to think too deeply about how the Holmes family discovered this nappy rash cream works so well (I'd like to point out it used to just be a normal unspecified cream...) but it does so give it a go xx"
"“You Rock my World” – The Hague 6 to Ocampo"
"Here are a few snaps from the happy couples wedding day."
"I know I’ve been neglecting the blog a bit but I haven’t had an idle pen. Or typing finger. I’ve been busy writing is what I’m saying."
"Shah, MD, FACAAI, FAAAAI, is a celebrated author of this AmazingAllergist book series, founder of www.AmazingAllergist.com, and the medical director of www.Center4AsthmaAllergy.com. He is a board certified allergist who has earned an honor of fellowships in both the American College of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology and the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology."
"In conclusion, it is possible that the design may be declared invalid in the future. The legal issue at stake would then fall under the realms of unfair competition rather than of industrial property rights."
"Resources from 3/8/2012"
"Stay well."
"A: Jo performs psychological autopsies to find out whether a victim's death is suicide, accident, or murder. Her job is to unearth the victim's history, and to piece together a jigsaw of the victim's life into a whole picture that illuminates the circumstances of their death. She asks: Who was this person? What goes on in the human heart? In her job, this is more important than dry stains on a lab slide. Understanding the victim's identity is crucial to uncovering the truth. Learning \"Who were they?\" allows her to find out how they died. Jo happily calls herself \"pure California mutt.\" She's got Irish, Japanese, and Egyptian ancestry. She loves all aspects of her heritage, even when her family's arguing during Christmas dinner. But of course she's aware that she doesn't look like a 1950s poster for Susie Wonderbread. And in America we're fascinated, for good and ill, by people's ethnicity and heritage. But Jo is the increasingly typical California girl. She's who I see, more and more, when I look at my own family."
"You can’t make your heart feel"
"The new timeline opens new unexpected vistas. There is room for imagination, as Anne Shirley would say."
"“Dogs and cats are, arguably, more aesthetically pleasing than pigs. So what? The singer, Madonna, is more pleasing to look at than the Pope but this hardly entitles her to a position of moral superiority.”"
"This means that even following Prof. Cowen's advice does not necessarily lead to good Korean food. In Manhattan, for example, one could always find a restaurant around 32nd street that makes no attempt to cater to non-Koreans; that is crowded with prosperous-looking Koreans; whose menu is exclusively comprised of Korean food items with little English description accompanying them. Yet, no matter -- that restaurant will serve shitty Korean food laced with so much MSG that, if you have sensitive stomach like my wife, it will give you the runs all day long."
"Over stiles through hedgerows, and downhill across a field spotted with the last few bright blue flowers of chicory among the rust-coloured seed heads – and a whole host of other wildflower species – grown, presumably, for shelter and sustenance for birds and bees. Back on Wickham Rock Lane, a mechanical grumbling over a hedgerow grows louder, a rattling and clanking of machinery and the thrumming roar of a diesel engine. Climbing the stile, a tractor and pasture topper trundles past, rolling along the undulating contours of Hog Hill up which I now climb. Breathing deeply, not just due to the exertion of the ascent, but to savour the sweet scent of freshly grown grass, I reach the summit and Hogg Hill Windmill, its black weatherboard roof, like the inverted keel of a capsized clinker-built boat, in vivid contrast to the gleaming white fantail. Built in 1781, it was originally erected in nearby Pett but moved to its current location in 1790, and is a well-preserved example of a post mill, although today the spring sails are missing. Not that this matters so much now. Milling ended here in 1920 and today it has a very different function. Obsolete(?) 18th century technology replaced with that of the 21st century: the windmill buildings now contain Sir Paul McCartney’s recording studio."
"The rain drop paper is from Imaginisce with others from my scrap stash. The girl is cut from the Enjoy the Seasons cart."
"But then something very strange indeed happened!"
"I haven't blogged in forever ~ Funny how life just gets in the way sometimes......"
"People with normal arches usually have normal pronation. You should look for stability shoes that offer moderate pronation control. 60-70% of people have normal or neutral pronation."
"Wiz Khalifa – Guilty Conscience"
"In the pot where the rice is going to be cooked bring the water to boil with ¼ cup plus 2 tablespoons of oil (75 ml) and salt. When it begins to boil add the rice. Stir constantly with a spoon to avoid sticking to the bottom, until all water has evaporated. Cover with a lid and simmer for 15 minutes. Move the rice away from the sides of the pot and then cover for 15 to 30 minutes until the rice is firm but soft inside."
"to play"
"My Friend: When you mistakenly put all your eggs in one basket, is it ok to throw that basket at something really hard when things don't work out?"
"This has been a long time in coming, mostly because of a few details that I was struggling with..but it finally all came together. So without further ado I present ..."
"Kingdom Hearts Bitch!"
"“Why do you ask?” the one wearing a pale blue shirt whose mask resembled the raven asked."
"Gracious Affections Intensify Spiritual Longing."
"Stats So Far"
". . . he is beginning to develop a sense of direction. he's aware of our surroundings and knows exactly where we are at any given point. we pull out of our house and he immediately points to the \"mail\" (mailbox) and the \"ducks\". as we approach the big girl school at pick-up time, he yells \"syd-syd!\". when we pass one of our favorite shopping centers, he starts calling \"burg-er\" and \"froot\" and \"mail\" because that's where only burger and tutti frutti and the post office are located."
"powder and fresh ground black pepper, put in the toaster oven or broiler"
"Wrap Up"
"If you plan on being published in the next few years you should know that some e-book companies and publishers are preparing to add advertisements into eBooks. Imagine reading a book and an ad for soda pop comes up on the screen. These ads have both plusses and minuets."
"The same becomes true of knowing and understanding the meaning of God’s various other names. God (Elohim) is the Lord, Yahweh — “I AM.” The Self-Existing One. This name of God describes Who He is, and discovering who the Almighty is will call us — even move us — to worship Him!"
"Her goal was to make sure that there were enough events and enough variety to ensure that every child on the beach would go home with at least one ribbon. Of course she made the ribbons. There really wasn’t any place close by to buy trophies or medals and it didn’t really matter because she didn’t have a budget for her Olympic extravaganza. She cut out what seemed like hundreds of white felt polka dots and labeled each with a big 1, 2 or 3. She then attached blue, red and white ribbons and safety pins onto the dots. She stayed up half the night working on this labor of love."
"5) Now about those comments from Pastor Finnestad:"
"But with its talents defecting, its old territories separating and becoming independent, Russia has lost its place as the top powerhouse in winter Olympics. The great athletes and coaches who once epitomized Russian strength and power have all left or moved on to represent their own independent countries. It would seem that Russia's strength has faded. But in a way, Russia's strength lives on. It continues in ice dance; not just in the bronze win, but in the gold and silver as well. It is after all, Russian coaches, who defected from Russia, who taught these two winning teams all the secrets of Russian ice dancing. Still, it's an amazing win for Canada!"
"The part of the seed known as the kola nut is the cotyledon, which is also called the seed leaf. The cotyledons are white and bitter when they are fresh, but they turn reddish with almost no taste when they are dried."
"It's a bit scary when one of the first things you think, upon reading the above-linked article, is \"Thank goodness I got to see the reef before it was completely trashed!!!\"."
"November 19"
"Set just before the turn of the new millennium, insurance agency worker Virginia “Gin” Baker (Catherine Zeta-Jones) is onto a highly sought after thief who stole a Rembrandt painting. She convinces her boss Hector (Will Patton) to let her go undercover and infiltrate the thief’s plans firstly by spying on him and then hopefully gaining an advantage by working with him on his next heist. The high-end thief’s name is Robert “Mac” MacDougal; he has stolen many fine arts pieces before and has gotten away with it countless times, but hopefully Gin will find his weaknesses and finally bring the criminal to justice. After a few days at Mac’s remote island castle, Gin convinces him that she is in fact a thief as well and that she is the one who stole the Rembrandt. Willing to give her a chance, Mac goes along with her requests to go after a Chinese mask that she needs to secure an even bigger heist that will imminently be worth much more than the Rembrandt and the mask combined. After many frustrating days training and rehearsing the motions of swiftly stealing the mask in as little time as possible, they head out to complete their mission. Things however get tight and Mac forces Gin to spill the beans about her true identity and purpose of involving him in these heists. After a few tussles and struggles both physically and mentally, they get back on track to commit the crime of the 20th century; but has their partnership turned into much more than just business? Will feelings get in the way of committing the crime all thieves wish they can pull off?"
"6 generate"
"This was so easy to see in the workshop format, and it was also easy to see how much is lost in translation over the internet. \"The business is so subjective,\" they tell us in the form rejection, but all we can think of when we see the email is the word \"no.\" No no no no. To us, four rejections means four NOs, four your-work-is-plain-and-simple-not-good-enoughs. But that's so wrong. There could be a lot of \"yes\" in their reaction, just not enough for it to be a request."
"So, long story short, my family had to spend a week without a drain system while a new septic tank was being installed; fortunately, we were able to rent an RV from a family friend as a ‘back-up plan’. Here is our family’s story, in the hope that you may find comfort and life lessons at someone else’s expense."
"It's fun."
"My goodness has it been a rough several weeks! Just when I thought I was doing better, exhaustion set in! However, this past week has been very promising and things are definitely looking up. The trouble with that is, of course, everything else that has fallen behind while I have been out of commission gets first dibs on my time... And that means that all you lovely folks in blogland get the remnants. Sorry about that."
"Mario Balotelli returns for Manchester City after serving his three-match suspension for the red he picked against Arsenal. But it’s very unlikely that he will start the game as Mancini is expected to stick with his inform Argentine front pair of Sergio Aguero and former United player Carlos Tevez. Micah Richards is set to fit for the game after missing last week’s 2-0 win over Wolves with a hamstring problem. Boss Roberto Mancini has a big decision to make in his midfield, with the improved form of Samir Nasri of late or the more defensive solidity of two holding players against their rivals United a key decision."
"i don't know and didn't bother to try to figure out which game is represented on the guerra card, but the kottaras card was easy - it was the only game kottaras appeared in against the dodgers all year."
"What many women don’t realise is that there’s a level of attractiveness which is “good enough”. Which is to say, good enough for ninety per cent of heterosexual men aged 16-30 to jump all over you if you ask them politely. If you’re already at that level, there’s not much point getting a nose job to satisfy the remaining ten per cent. It’s better to work on other things, like your sense of humour and your cooking. Or why not learn to play the harmonica? I’ve always thought that little organ looks quite fetching in a woman’s mouth."
"So with samples; as I said - if the budget of the wedding allows for it we create a full sample meeting with linens, dishes, flowers, etc. I think with a big wedding this is so important; to be able to see and play with the elements together. I am the kind of designer who has a hard time conceptualizing abstractly. I'm much better with materials right in front of me."
"I might be on the other side of the world, but if anything, I feel so removed from normal life here that lately, I’ve been making a conscious effort to stay better informed (e.g. watch the news, etc.). Unfortunately, here, dedicated news channels don’t really exist unless you have some fancy cable TV thing, and instead intersperse the news with soap operas, Dr. Phil (so much Dr. Phil!), and the like. More and more I’ve been realizing just how imperative it is to stay on top of the news, as it really does have an immediate effect on everyone, and can lend (or just as easily take away) credibility whenever you get in a serious conversation with people (think: my seminar class just yesterday)."
"The tabloids call him The Birthday Boy. He’s been snatching girls for twelve years, always in the run-up to their thirteenth birthday, sending the families his homemade cards showing their daughters being slowly tortured to death."
"Murphy — who is also a contributing expert to FOX News, CNBC and other media — warns that decisions will have to be made well in advance of the key implementation year of 2014."
"WHY IT MATTERS: Darwinian evolution is bad science because it is really just philosophy (naturalism) masquerading as science. You can’t marry anyone who pre-supposes a materialist view of metaphysics like naturalists do, and then allows that philosophical assumption to overrule the scientific evidence. You don’t want to be paired up with someone who lets their prejudices overturn data."
"Getting a second (or third!) language under your belt can really make a difference in your career especially in the eyes of firms who look favorably at multilingual job candidates. If you work for a multinational corporation, a second or third language might open up job opportunities with this or other companies who operate globally. Often bilingual job candidates can be worth their weight in gold to a company."
"now to spice it up a little, maybe paint a wall, what do you think?"
"“We are confident that we can solve the problem of obesity and promote good nutrition and health for all Americans and stand ready to work with New York City to achieve these goals,\" Vilsack said."
"In another travesty, politically correct toadies allowed the ritual slaughter of an American eagle as a tribute to ethnic diversity, thus granting hunting rights to new aristocrats while declaring such rights off limits to the rest of US commoners without the proper bloodlines and religious rituals. One is reminded of the hunting rights for royalty declared, for instance, by Henry VII's first Parliament in 1485, which made unauthorized hunting in prívate forests a felony punishable by death, fine or imprisonment."
"Taylor is my child that is usually in la-la land. You can be talking right in front of him with both of you looking at each other and he doesn't hear anything you are saying. Hansel and Gretel had nothing on this kid. He leaves a path everywhere he goes, constantly placing things down in the wrong location. Most of the time he cannot tell you where anything is \"hiding\" because he doesn't remember putting it away or even putting it down."
"1 learned"
"Erika Olson-LongLiveLocke"
"I think one of the first things that people think of when they think about Italy is FOOD! The pastas, the pesto, the bread, the wine, the cheese, pizza, the decadent desserts, gelato! Because there are so many amazing things to say about the food in Italy I decided to dedicate an entire blog post on the food that I ate while I was there."
"Russell read the email and felt a cold chill upon his face, as if someone had just whispered something dreadful in his ear."
"(playing catch up)"
"3.) Pin the Tail on the Donkey"
"Silence will fall. We know, going in to series six, that there is a race called The Silence. They seem to be able to exist without being seen, and if they are seen, they are able to erase the memory of their existence from the individual who saw them. These are the only details I am aware of regarding The Silence. The light from the crack erases people from time, including all memory of said person. Again, this seems to be the power The Silence have. Is the crack a tool being used by them, or is it a thematic link that introduces the concept. “The Doctor in the TARDIS hasn’t noticed.” “The Doctor in the TARDIS doesn’t know.” We cannot see The Silence and, presumably, neither can The Doctor. Are we to believe they have been existing throughout series five, possibly even as far back as series four, the first hints of their existence being SILENCE in the Library? The Doctor has placed much emphasis on noticing things, including The Eleventh Hour where we are given a sequence where The Doctor analyzes the village green. But we don’t notice The Silence. Perhaps, thematically, Steven Moffat has been giving us hints, but they are hints that are devoid of context until now."
"19. Whoo hooo...remember how glad we were to be a teenager....you know....like 13! Well, I am glad I am a teenager right now, but I am working my way backwards. Almost there :)"
"Papaya"
"Alarmist stuff? Probably. But there are two factors that every good psephologist (electoral researcher) knows only too well. Even if a Party (like ND) doesn’t openly say it will reject the recent past, many of its voters will expect it to. And respondents in research always underclaim their willingness to vote for extreme Parties."
"So what then was the last item on my list? Jerusalem artichokes. I needed a pound of them, so I searched and searched the veggies section, but to no avail - where WERE the Jerusalem artichokes, and can't regular Monterey county artichokes suffice? I decided to approach Mr. Friendly Grocer Man:"
"Usage – My school friends often engage in jocund teasing."
"Police say White punched the girl on the forehead during the fight. The girl was taken to the hospital for treatment of her injuries and White was taken to jail."
"In addition to being part of today’s Indie author movement, Alicia and Roy Street are also traditionally published. In 2009 they received a Daphne Du Maurier Award for Excellence in Mystery/Suspense. They both share backgrounds in the performing arts. Alicia spent years as a dancer, choreographer and teacher. Roy in theater and standup comedy. Alicia is a chronic reader of every genre including the classics. She also loves old black-and-white movies, making organic soups from recipes she invents, working out and, of course, dancing. Roy’s into sweaty workouts, too, as well as watching boxing on HBO and eating Alicia’s organic soups. Their cat’s name is Wallace, an orange ten-pounder who’s crazy over pizza. He and Roy do slices every Friday night."
"The whole history of feminist struggle was all about challenging prohibitions imposed on women that were once viewed as normal, harmless, or even good for women. Education was once thought of as unladylike because women were expected to stay at home and take care of the kids. Women in combat was once unacceptable because being a soldier was manly not womanly."
"I don’t just hear a note or a sound. I hear a symphony. But I’m not equally gifted with the ability to put those sounds on paper."
"Matthew is the absolute opposite of Dondi; if Dondi is the sun, he is the moon. “A mystery like a dark corner, or the far side of the moon,” it isn’t easy to tell what he’s thinking or how he feels about Thomas’ sudden appearance in hi s life. Quieter, less sure of himself than Dondi, he’s desperately in love with Thomas but unsure of Thomas’ relationship with Dondi, unsure Thomas even thinks of him that way he doesn’t confess his feelings. It’s this very reticence, this mystery, that captivates Thomas who is equally enamored of his former lover’s brother. Matthew is calm, loyal, a one man man, just the sort of man Thomas needs. To Thomas’s surprise he replaces Dondi in his heart."
"To action!"
"I need to move North, like Alaska north. Well really, upstate NY north, but whatever...."
"Honestly, I chose this beer because of the packaging. Being a designer, when I have trouble picking out a new beer to try, I gravitate towards the best designed package. This can has a fun little cartoonish take on the \"hop crisis\" of a few years ago when the prices soared, almost crippling the beer industry. Described by the brewery as an:"
"Luckily, I have a strong support group of friends and family who were there for me through every step of my recovery, even through a semester I took off from school. I also had a great therapist who spent months working with me, teaching me that I do have control over my own life and that things don’t have to be so bad. Thanks to her, I was able to return to JMU after a semester off ready to take on the world."
"I really enjoyed this book! It's the first time I've read anything written by the author, Maria V. Snyder, and I must say I truly appreciate her style of writing! Fantasy is one of my favorite genres and Ms. Snyder did not let me down."
"Of course, a visible spiritual life is not of itself bad. Paul wrote to the Corinthians and said:"
"Once that was done a few more minutes arranging the pitchers & done."
"9. Doctor 1"
"There were 8 of us moms that prepared and served the meal."
"I chose Straight Talk and got rid of my previous contract. I am spending more than fifty percent less on my phone calls. I am going to use those saving to spoil my family members during the Christmas season."
"Icing sugar for dusting"
"and spontaneously with camera in hand"
"We took a Discovery River Cruise and on our return to the docks we got to meet Lance Mackey and his sled dog, Amp."
"Either way, it will be a major surprise for him and that's all that matters!"
"Rick Santorum is no longer in the running for President. Of course, by now, you already knew that. I realized, while writing the post analyzing the rise and fall of Dickface McAssjuice (come on, I missed the whole campaign; let me have this one), that this has been done to death by now."
"So locked down below, a couple hundred feet or so under the walking feet of the evening dinner crowd, a man or woman could drown and die. No one would know nor would anyone probably find their bodies for a while."
"Sprouted, Raw, Non-GMO, Organic Brown Rice Protein"
"Elvis Presley - It's Now or Never - 28 Million"
"Add in zucchini, eggs, vanilla and oil and mix well."
"The investment in new skills and mastering that machine can take you far!"
"where more friends played, the gang complete."
"Extreme Rules Match"
"The appliance had been stripped down so the drum was exposed."
"Mocknick: The covers pitching, submissions, phone calls, contract negotiations (in the event of a sale) and all aspects of representation."
"McLaren gives a pretty clear definition of violence, which Mr. Webster would basically agree with: “force with the intent of inflicting injury, damage, or death.” He then gives what he says are “four primary responses to the question of God’s violence.”"
"352\"Oh may we never love as these have lov'd!\""
"I’ve been a keen photographer for many years, but until recently I had never had any success in photographing lightning. I also very rarely see lightning storms, so I hadn’t had much opportunity. Recently though, a storm was floating around Lyme Bay that I managed to capture. I thought I might share a few tips with you to help you capture some lightning for yourself."
"Invite my husband for a ballet show (something like Swan Lake) and hear him groan! I think I must have put some trauma into him that day when I literally arm-twisted him to sit through 2 and a half hours of Swan Lake (including intermissions)."
"There is more of course which shows that the book really isn't about a lady of class holding a party to help her husband socialise with those who can help him in his career. Each of these characters had their dreams and none of them realised them in a way. Or if they did it turned out not what they expected. Dalloway's daughter is the only one who still dreams of her future and this makes her the perfect contrast."
"Much more study would be necessary to show a direct link, but Mikovits says the study offers hope that CFS sufferers might gain relief from a cocktail of drugs designed to fight AIDS, cancer and inflammation."
"Today you trembled at the roadside"
"I am sometimes very annoyed with myself for being such an emotionally charged person; it doesn’t always lead me down the best paths. Though over the years I have gotten a somewhat better hold on my emotions (thus my emotional reactions), there are times (plenty of them) when I am completely unpredictable, even to myself."
"The Dyson stand. Textbook stuff:"
"71. Bumped Megan McCafferty"
"Crystal and I usually are shopping at 5 am but not this year...she's a little busy with the baby so I did some shopping with my son, Michael."
"“I have never had any sympathy with the ascetic attitude. The wise man combines the pleasures of the senses and the pleasures of the spirit in such a way as to increase the satisfaction he gets from both. The most valuable thing I have learnt from life is to regret nothing. Life is short, nature is hostile, and man is ridiculous; but oddly enough most misfortunes have their compensations, and with a certain humour and a good deal of horse-sense one can make a fairly good job of what is after all a matter of very small consequence.”"
"Todays' weight-220. That's 22 pounds down total and my surgery was April 8th. Feeling pretty good about this!! Still waiting for magic wand that will allow me to wake up thin and healthy tomorrow morning, but until that happens I'll keep doing what I'm doing!"
"1 teaspoon ground cardamom"
"My projects start in one of two ways: I find an object and want to transform it, but have no idea how. Or, I have an idea and no idea how to manifest it in a sculpture. Either way, it's pretty nebulous. In this case I started with an object. Here it is:So, I had this camera and wanted to use it but I had no clue what I wanted to do with it. I began by getting a good look at it--figuring out what opened, what could be removed, what moved, etc."
"Current, primitive examples of engineering biology rely on an ad hoc, laborious, trial-and-error process, wherein one successful project does not inform subsequent, new designs. This approach combined with the complexity of biological systems restricts current, one-off efforts to modifying only a small set of genes and constructing simple, isolated genetic circuits and metabolic pathways"
"Ellora’s Cave has received much-appreciated attention and support from Joyce Lamb’s HEA blog on the USA Today site. Please do check out the blog and the many book reviews, and leave comments if you are so inclined. I hope the USA Today organization sees that a blog about romance novels is appreciated and popular, and gives the genre the respect and attention it deserves."
"Dress - $40 Classic Clothing, Tights - $25 Cosmic, Shoes - $2 NZ made op-shop, Ribbon - spotlight, Beads - 50c op-shop"
"Cayenne pepper– 3/4 tsp. (I added less because I’m a wuss)"
"Of course, Murphy’s Law went into effect and I had just shaved my legs the night before I got the epilator in the mail! I had to wait a few days before I could try it. I checked out all of the neat attachments, and I was especially impressed by the tweezers with the LED light and mirror inside. I did try those right away and they completely rocked! They made it really easy to see and grasp my fine eyebrow hair."
"Scotty Karate Scotch Ale"
"04-15-2012"
"3. \"The Boston Rag\" – 5:40"
"Our work is on show from the 4-17th May thereafter!"
"Now then. PPB bloggers, please add your post-specific link below, and everyone have a super-fantastic fun-filled weekend!!!"
"This just made him more fun to challenge."
"\"And what exactly happened last weekend?\" V asked."
"Ah shit, you had to throw that one in there. Pink Mountaintops. It has to do with the music for sure, because Black Mountain is more like metal and Pink Mountaintops is more like the Velvet Underground."
"Email number one from D:"
"I am sorry to share this post tonight with all of you. Barry passed away at noon today. His breathing became very laboured and after they gave him several medications for pain, he stopped breathing."
"Ahem Ahem….So Thanks to the magnificent Lill and Jill, (awww I am still so touched…sob! sob!!Thank you Guys!) I have been nominated for the Sunshine Award. I would like to take these 15 seconds of fame and Thank my Father/Mother/dog/cat/neighbour/fellow students at my University from Slovakia and Turkmenistan…..No I have not really lost it (yet!) and I am not really doing this, so please do not drop your jaws or start reading another blog!!!"
"In the name of everlasting love then, here are some top tips to help you keep issues in perspective:"
"This was the first time I had tried this, and next time I will par-boil the cubes for 2-3 minutes before barbequeing them. Cooking them wrapped in foil is another thing I will soon try."
"Who cannot tell me what I wish."
"A very rhythmic album, with punchy drums that seem to circle around the ranty vocals and elevating guitars. The songs are very much construed like any of today's popular anthemic indie rock songs, but something sets this band apart. Maybe it's just connecting with me more than your average indie rock, but every piece of the music is done very well here and it all fits together in a very pure and groovy way. It's almost like a jazz album in the way each instrument has its distinctive role in a complex, yet coalesced whole. It is a meticulously crafted, clearly post-punk influenced album brought up through a modern indie rock context that deserves to be thought of as one of the decade's highlights. - Matthew Foster"
"Connected by more than a dozen bridges over river Jehlum flowing across the city, a major portion of the old city is named after these bridges such as Amira Kadal, Budshah Kadal, Habba Kadal, Fateh Kadal, Zaina Kadal, Nawa Kadal, Aali Kadal and Safa Kadal and more. Zaina Hal, the first wooden bridge, was"
"(And yes I do have pictures to prove this.)"
"It would be true to say that on the morning of April 28, the whole world and all of Malaysia held their breath. Malaysians overseas were glued to their computer screens or other social networking sites, trying to keep abreast of events as these unfolded at Dataran Merdeka."
"Teaching wrongly."
"(Holy pillows-&-blankets, if you type the word \"sleep\" so many times, after a while it just doesn't look right. ...)"
"Zoe Jakes"
"As those who have been reading this blog know, near-fatal illness, a hospital stay of over a month, and a long and ongoing recovery process have kept me from blogging for quite a while. Although I intend to post here as I am able and have things of interest to say, things will be quiet here for a while, since I see no point in a day-to-day journal of my recovery. (As I've written before, for me at least, being sick, while it can be miserable, painful, exhausting, and draining, is usually not very interesting.)"
"Please take a moment to view Lindsay's video below and you will better understand the title of this post. Then I ask that you please take some time to pray about how you can help these two precious little girls. Whether you can reach out financially or in prayer, or both... I just ask that you take a moment to see this video and visit this blog that she and Hannah have created to spread the word and help these two beautiful little girls, in hopes that they too will get their life-saving surgeries and have true hope for a future. This is a new blog, so there are only a few posts, but I encourage you to start from the beginning and read them all... you will be glad you did!"
"I have been very blessed this year to be apart of a wonderful Bible Study led by Olivia Jones. She is a spiritual giant and has so much Godly wisdom. When I left Birmingham, one of the the things I knew I would miss the most was the Bible study led by my sweet friend, Kate, and the great group of girls that I fellowshipped with weekly. Well of course, God provided here as well. This past year we have studied everything from the Holy Spirit and Spiritual Warfare to how to be a Godly wife. One of the biggest things God has shown me is that I am called to submit to my husband as he is my spiritual covering. This means even when I think I know better for our family, be it in plans, finances, or parenting, I am to obey my husband and not manipulate (yes shocking, I said manipulate) to get what I think is best. I have heard this teaching many times, but not so much in black and white. If you are being obedient to your husband you are being obedient to GOD."
"I can't blame him, that's usually what I think at birthday parties, too."
"It was like spring time on a plate; the ravioli were very tender and moist, the greens perfectly cooked and mushrooms soft and buttery. I haven’t eaten beets very often so this presentation was a good option. The beets didn’t overwhelm and the small dice were easy to manage."
"\"A mother is the truest friend we have, when trials heavy and sudden, fall upon us; when adversity takes the place of prosperity; when friends who rejoice with us in our sunshine desert us; when trouble thickens around us, still will she cling to us, and endeavor by her kind precepts and counsels to dissipate the clouds of darkness, and cause peace to return to our hearts.\" ~Washington Irving"
"SEMA is short for Specialty Equipment Market Association, which was formed in 1963. The SEMA Show is the most excellent trade event for automotive specialty products in the world. It is consists of 6,764 companies worldwide and products in this $27.8 billion-a-year industry."
"The neoconservatives, of course, love it to bits - they've got their Cold War back! They can talk about those dirty Commies with verve and panache, and without the embarrassment of having to have Allen West do his Johnny Iselin impression."
"2. inking it with a soft lilac Studio G ink"
"I also tried a new recipe ranch chicken. I just added ranch dressing to the chicken half way through the baking process and made a quick salad delish! Shan also made an after dinner drink that I loved!"
"So this season, if you are feeling a bit alone in the Wilderness, I want to wish you the best and let you know you're not the only one. I also want to encourage you to dust off your shovel and pruners a bit and revisit what it means to be you. If you're not ready yet to move on, at least trim off what you're able to let go of and take a good hard look at your roots. Make the adjustments needed and just like a plant in your garden, return to the problem in a few months time to reconsider your options."
"Article 31"
"This boot has no title to it other than Recorder 3 (24/96). It came with no art so I made a bunch of graphics (such as the one above) that you can put your preferred font onto."
"Having never really build a dresser before, I though that it would be much harder to figure out. After a little research, it turns out that they are just boxes."
"Mom raced home to find her husband checking the house for every possible hiding place. They screamed his name and double checked every room. The front door was unlocked when she left for the store and the son had gone outside in the past to play in the front yard or with the other neighborhood kids."
"SkippyMom and I have several Bloggie Buds in common but somehow I had missed her blog until just recently, and believe me ... it was my loss. That's been rectified now. She's a very funny lady and I'm hoping now she'll tell me how I can get the purple from Mynx's pool out of Moppet's fur. Yeah, it was some party."
"2 ten ounce bags frozen broccoli cuts (use fresh if you want…probably 2-3 small bunches)"
"GSM—GSM symbolizes World-wide Techniques for Cellular marketing and sales communications and is also the global regular for mobile phone support. In secret agent or surveillance cameras, this refers to Sound parasites or sometimes nonetheless surveillance cameras that may deliver an image in excess of GSM Cellular community from a made-in Sim."
"32. Xi Lu Han is the full name of Lu Han (루한 / 鹿 晗)"
"In case of failure of submission the resulting behavior depends on the error.In most cases the best practice is to show the review page again with the appropriate message. This message can be to retry the submit again (e.g. in case of timeout) or make necessary changes before submitting again. This step could be very annoying so make sure that customers know exactly what went wrong and what are the steps to take. In case user wishes to cancel the wizard there should be a link to do so. I am always shocked to see so many sites losing their customers at the final step by not properly informing them."
"if it should die.."
"Ethan Wingfield (REP) 11.44% 1,068"
"Meet Christina this Saturday at the Spring Bash--she's more than just awesome plushes. Check out her jewelry and clothing designs, too. (Sadly, she won't be my booth neighbor this year, but I can guarantee all those around her will be smiling!)"
"It seems to be Catch 22. I am not happy with my husband, but fearful of the damage a divorce could cause my children. Then again, I see the damage that my mother has done to my father, and to me and my brother, and I fear that this could also just get worse for my children over time. Am I naive to think that I can manage and/or lead my husband somehow? The man with whom I truly would like to be companion – whom I have dubbed “amazing” … has been trying to lead his wife who is hateful, verbally abusive, and deprives him sexually. Perhaps he has been more successful in many ways – at least on the surface “converting” her spiritually, but bottom line is that he keeps wanting things to be different, for her to treat him well, give him what he needs and she is not capable of this. Instead, she craves attention of hundreds of facebook “friends” and others in her world – craving popularity. She is not unlike my husband in that way, wanting to be the center of attention. Their primary differences are gender. Amazing is delusional that things can be better for them; and perhaps I am too with my husband. Yet, I still want to be with amazing, and have an amazing, bonding, loving, fulfilling companionship with him and our children. So we are torn between Faith and circumstance. Teachings of the Church would tell us to continue to manage as we have been, to make the most of it, neglect our needs and put others first, right? I do not know. Yet, if those in our lives would be more like Christ and less selfish, things would be better, right? But our spouses are not capable of this and both are often “vulgar and classless.”"
"If you don’t spend a whole lot of time with someone, your interactions with them are often in your imagination. Your imagination is wonderful, in it this person does you no harm. But imagining perfection is only going to set you up for disappointment, and that’s no ones fault but your own."
"Greeks have returned to an old way of obtaining services and things – bartering. The Greek town of Volos, adopted a formal way of bartering which involves a currency called the Local Alternative Unit, or TEM in Greek."
"\"Never mind the example,\" I cut in. \"I'll probably understand better without it. And now, if I may speak figuratively, how long in this experiment of yours before we get though the topsoil and strike bed rock?\""
"archives from Russia"
"What if I'm not ready for them, though? The changes."
"Sometimes I think I'm goin' insane"
"So Williams explained: “Look, Bill, I’m not a bigot . . . But when I get on the plane, I got to tell you, if I see people who are in Muslim garb and I think, you know, they are identifying themselves first and foremost as Muslims, I get worried. I get nervous.”"
"As to Trayvon Martin how about some common decency for a innocent life? I see if some black group of kids beats up some innocent white person you people go ballistic and demand that 40 million people of African descent not only condemn what was done or we are responsible for setting race relations 100 years backwards. Yeah you whites will make us feel guilty if it was in reverse."
"Oh, right!"
"The film opens in a quaint, patently artificial village that looks like it belongs in a German Expressionist silent: an appropriate place for a murder. In the opening scenes, Hitchcock cleverly builds tension sonically, starting with a scream that wakes up the neighborhood, sends birds fluttering away, and sets the dogs to howling. The soundtrack becomes noisy and cluttered: barking, people chattering, the banging noises of the police knocking on the door of the house that's causing all this disturbance. Hitchcock defuses the suspense slightly with the humor of one couple who stick their heads out their window, the wooden frame continually sliding down on their necks, but they're so intent on seeing what's happening that they let it push them down into the flower bed, craning their necks to see. At the site of all the clamor, Hitchcock further elongates the tension by focusing on the reactions of the people at the scene, shooting the backs of the heads of the people crowding around the door."
"Supplies I used to make this project:"
"-Makeup-"
"Would we limit ourselves to only using 90% of our eyesight or 90% of our hearing when we could use 100%?"
"The book has a foreword specially written by variety entertainers Ian and Janette Krankie."
"Keep showers short and luke-warm. Hot water dries skin out and the longer you remain under the spray, the drier you get. Keep it on the cool side to avoid dry skin."
"Grant, who is a life member of the Akron Railroad Club, writes in Twilight Rails that although a vast network of rails covered the nation by 1900, some still believed that the nation’s railroad network was far from complete."
"There is a gathering of swans further upstream, just visible as long necks and floating white bodies against the backdrop of grey-green water and tree foliage. It is so much quieter than being at home. We live in a small town, a place where city people wonder \"What do you DO here?\" Getting enough quiet doesn't seem an issue, but being out of range of traffic and electronics adds a layer of calm I had forgotten. It is lovely...soothing."
"Cliff Cresswell - vocals, Henry Hartman - guitar, Rick Cresswell - bass, Nick 'Taff' Williams - drums."
"I made sure that she and my other daughter hadn't mixed up their identical phones and that she too was in class."
"The course started with James Clay from University of Gloucester who talked about the challenges and issues libraries facing from embedding the use of e-books. Anna Hooper form Bristol libraries gave the public library consortium approach to the e-book service and how well is being used."
"Sherri Wheatley"
"So,now my therapist want me to \"remember\" what made me want to be a girl.I said that I really doesn't think that someone made me think like that.And she think that I need to know when this started to do the family session I was hoping for.I know now that in Brazil there is not right age for hormones and no right time to therapy before hormones,it depends on the therapist."
"Suzanne Berman is a practicing general pediatrician in rural Tennessee. Her study of Medicaid access was supported by a grant from the American Academy of Pediatrics’ Community Access to Child Health (CATCH) program."
"Early in 1967, Bobbie made a demo which came to the attention of Capitol Records producer Kelly Gordon. He liked the songs immensely, especially one called Ode To Billie Joe. The song was around seven minutes long, and it's eerie, mossy, swamp-country atmosphere was unlike anything Gordon had heard before. With support from Capitol's number one producer David Axelrod, he was able to sign Bobbie. Her first single was one of the other songs on the demo, Mississippi Delta, but pretty quickly DJs picked up on the flip side."
"Johnny Cash was a master singer of country, folk and gospel music whose sincerity and shared convictions with the common man appealed to a huge group of people. If Cash was a musical Billy Graham, bringing in large numbers of music lovers to his shows, then Dowd right now is just a small time itinerant tent preacher, scuffling to add a few more converts and barely having enough gas money to reach the next town. What Johnny Dowd does have is the storyteller’s gift, and a few more tales of his own still to tell. The circle remains unbroken."
"Where does bullying really live? What is this bullying all about, on the inside, for me? Well, we know that bullying lives within us, because it seems fairly obvious that most of us are in constant battle with ourselves. And if I ask the question, “where does it come from” and I go inward a bit, I come up with the pretty obvious answer: on every level, bullying comes from me."
"The latest survey data has revealed that the number one thing on Australian employees’ minds is job security – questions about salary and other benefits pale in comparison to this one key factor. The survey from recruitment and consultancy firm Randstad canvassed the opinions of more than 7,000 Australian professionals who nominated the most important factor influencing their job satisfaction."
"-Japanese game booths"
"The newly gazetted Peaceful Assembly Bill was meant to guarantee our constitutional right to assemble peacefully. Those who breach public order destroy public property must be dealt with the full force of the law. However, those who have assembled peacefully have committed no crime, were victimised with shocking ruthlessness and many were wrongfully arrested."
"I thought this recession was coming to an end!?"
"First, we did some clothes shopping. We found some great deals on shirts and jeans and pants. Then we hit the home stores and found some great accents and drapes and linen. They were on sale. Even better, my friend had coupons we used to get even more discounts on the sale items. We were on a shopping bliss high, having found so many great stuff for really great prices. The last place we stopped at was the store where I would buy two pairs of expensive running shoes."
"d. Indicating continuous tense: 現在學習呢 at this moment they are still learning."
"Where: Nino's Bar (Findlay)"
"Gommage treatment with enzyme & yogurt to exfoliate and nourish complexion and remove oil, dirt and excess."
"It started back in May, when we turned the air conditioner on and warm air came out of it. I run a heat pump for my house, which is apparently \"exactly what I need\". Only thing is, it wasn't warming us much during the winter and in May, when we had this first bout of ball-stickingly hot weather, it wasn't cooling."
"3 passed"
"Come and join us at Earl’s Court. We'll be on stall 277 opposite the far end of the French Market."
"I am thankful. My ego is quiet most of the time. I am honest always. And somehow, while everything is spinning madly around me, while egoes fight and chatter on, I remain constant, loving and happy. There are times, fleeting for the moment, where I am imperturbable. I am grateful to be lucky enough to experience this."
"The president and other administration officials have complained loudly for months that, despite significant base rate cuts by the central bank, interest rates on loans for companies and for consumers have barely fallen. The banks said that a high tax burden, high labor costs and difficulties collecting on bad loans make lending more expensive in Brazil than in other parts of the world."
"Grant it, this is one of the best marketing ideas a company could have. It is a viral, grass-roots-driven, don’t-wear-shoes-so-people-will-buy-our-shoes-and-we-will-also-give-a-pair-away genius of an idea. And I understand that it does encourage people to buy a product, but it is a product from a company that is not perfect but is at least serious about providing a pair of shoes (and now eyeglasses, too) for people around the world who don’t have one."
"I'd be lying if I told you that I initiated conversation with him because he had amazing form doing all of his work-out, the guy's a total hottie. Talk about six-pack abs, short, grizzly hair, standing six-foot tall and used to be a football player for the Dragons down in Sydney *wink wink* (looks like Str8cam Jeff)"
"Lappe’s book also argued that meat-centered diets are unhealthful for both people and the environment, and converted many to its ideas. In 1987, John Robbins published Diet for a New America, in which he makes a strong point against the health issues of a meat-centered diet, and against the cruelty inflicted on animals from modern factory farming."
"Visto che si tratta di un quaderno per gli appunti di viaggio di un maschietto ho scelto questo Edwin marinaio e l'ho colorato con i Copic. Le carte sono Maia Design e Magnolia."
"So the apostle would later write in Colossians 3:1-3,"
"This time around consumers want to have conversations with us and \"co-create.\" All we have to do is give them \"compelling content\" and get all social with them."
"8. Would you like to marry/go out with/ come on a date with me ? 'Cause Jessica/Olivia/Bertha already said \"No.\""
"Much more troubling is Barrionuevo’s refusal to quote any sources with even vaguely flattering things to say about Cristina. One analyst he cites notes that “this election seemed to defy the normal rules of politics,” presumably because of the government’s “corruption and cronyism.” While there is indeed plenty of evidence to warrant these two adjectives (which, for the record, describe just about every government in Argentine history), it seems to me that voters’ willingness to overlook corruption amid record economic growth — and at a time when salary increases are largely keeping pace with real inflation, subsidies have increased, poverty has declined dramatically, and social spending has more than tripled — follows rather than challenges “the normal rules.” Another condemns Argentina’s failure to embrace the sort of macroeconomic policies that favor foreign direct investment; while that’s a legitimate complaint — especially among Argentina’s business class and foreign corporations and governments–the decision to deprioritize long-held debts and, in turn, international investment stands at the heart of the economic “model” that Cristina has touted continuously throughout the campaign, and it evidently didn’t trouble most voters overmuch. A third argues that Argentina’s regional influence has decreased while Brazil’s has increased; I won’t argue with that one. A fourth, already mentioned above, argues that “when the money runs out” due to a predicted economic slowdown next year, “there will be a political reckoning.” This is likely true as well, though it’s worth noting that these predictions are based on probable international developments like lower commodity prices and reduced demand from China and Brazil — and blaming Cristina for these things is like blaming Obama for the European debt crisis."
"I'd love to hear some of your favorite names, so please do comment!"
"- switch trains at some point.."
"I wonder if God sometimes withholds gratification until we learn to communicate respectfully with an attitude of trust and appreciation –to help us mature. I hear him say, “Use your words, honey.”"
"part of the award is sharing 7 things about me... so"
"I have a little bit of a backlog of games because of the challenge last month, but that's OK. As I said about a month ago, I bought the Ico/Shadow of the Colossus HD Collection for the PS3. Well, I finished the second half of the collection, and what a terrific game!"
"Realize that there are always multiple realities that are available to manifest. These other realities will respond to you and the collective frequencies that are offered. As more and more individuals own the awareness and offer the vibrations of love, joy, gratitude and appreciation as well as forgiveness it will call forth the reality in which all people are honored, healed and loved."
"The color they have worn, and John Wayne has truly sworn to never really meet"
"the ones where i meet myself for what feels like the first time"
"En el pasado me han ofrecido trabajo escribiendo y siempre me hubiera gustado poder aprovechar esas oportunidades, pero nunca pude porque estoy muy ocupado con Sugar & Spice."
"You carry a great responsibility, do the right thing at this time by listening to your heart."
"Joseph Applegate said the \"logo is uninspired and anachronistic and somewhat poorly constructed,\" but acknowledged \"it will sell like crazy. There's even something bold about going the nostalgic route with something that has little actual heritage.\""
"Onions – 1, medium-size"
"you up!"
"I had a couple of older sisters so I was reading their library books when I was still pre-teen – authors no-one reads now, like Mazo de la Roche and Ursula Bloom. But the ones I did pick up and remember were novels by Dorothy Sayers and Georgette Heyer."
"ELICIA BERGER is a freelance writer, editor, and storyteller. By day, she writes smart-sounding things for the United Nations and the Huffington Post. By night, she spews her various neuroses onto the page to delight and appall readers and audiences alike. She can be seen performing in various storytelling shows throughout the city such as RISK!, TOLD, and The Liar Show. To learn about Elicia's upcoming shows, check her out at eliciaberger.com."
"Linking, bookmarking, blogging, referring, clicking, friending, connecting, subscribing, submitting inquiry forms and buying are all engagement measures at various points in the customer relationship.[2]"
"You’ll want to name it something easy to remember. I highly encourage you to put Secret Key into the file name to make it clear that this file contains your secret key and should be shared with no one."
"1. Baby's mattress is scheduled for delivery today. Thankfully this task involves nothing more than dragging it up the stairs and placing it in the crib. But I'm excited because it brings me 1 step closer to having a completed crib setup."
"- Shift your focus off of self-condemnation. When our conscience relentlessly condemns us, remember that Christ will have the last word. He is judge of the living and the dead (1 Peter 4:5) and only he can pronounce the final sentence. Christ is the judge — not us or our conscience. So never for a moment dare to take the judge’s place by proclaiming irreparable guilt when he proclaims hope, grace, and pardon. If we think our sin is too great to be pardoned, remember that Christ doesn’t agree."
"We are all writers and we all have something to say. That something means something to someone other than just us. It could be a smile on a day where nothing goes right. It could be a wake-up call after a stormy night of slumber. It could be a slap in the face, a hand to clasp, or a cure. No matter what it is... It is something."
"This was a pic I took during a waterfall hiking trip I took with my family on the west side of North Carolina a few weeks ago. It was so beautiful, I thought it would be a nice pic to share with everyone on earth day. Our earth is so beautiful, God has given us such a wonderful place to live."
"Any alcohol-type marker will work and the affect is really pretty."
"What color were his eyes? Light brown. Or hazel. The kind that could darken with disapproval as Alexander’s had done so often during the past couple of years. But she hadn’t detected any disregard from the sheriff. He’d seemed . . . intrigued."
"4-5 springs thyme"
"Some tips to get started:"
"In the future, I will be sure to check the companies supplying the RRs before I make my gameplans!"
"39 Surfin' USA"
"Erin Brown ... Theatre patron"
"And somewhere in some place where life"
"Finally, note Thiel’s argument that there is a lot of lying and that the monopolists will say they are not monopolists while non-monopolists will say they are. This is intuitively obvious in that the monopolists don’t want attention from antitrust regulation and the non-monopolists want to attract market share. I think this is probably similar with creativity and zombies in that we see a lot of highly creative people self-identifying themselves as zombie, while a lot of really run of the mill bureaucracy calls itself creative."
"During the trip you can listen to music, but you can choose the voice of a guide as well. There are speakers inside and also outside of the tram. Apart from that there is a possibility of playing CD or DVD materials on three LCD screens."
"Mr Sheridan quoted from a report of the Parliamentary Committee on Culture, Media and Sport which had described a “collective amnesia” amongst the newspaper’s executives into the scale of the group’s phone hacking activities. Mr Bird had already been asked about this, referred to below. He repeated that the committee was “biased” as “MP’s do not like tabloid newspapers poking around their private lives and expense claims”."
"One could hope."
"307 **15. “The Bar Exam and a Proper Legal Education.” Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, November 6 1998, pp. 6, 20. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(16), pp. 400-04.)"
"Buffalo Soldiers Booth: Tangy flavor, well cooked, nice heat, very good."
"and just as able to bear her load of living freight to the place of destination."
"She laughed. You are such a classicist!"
"I wonder when I'll have time to go shopping LOL"
"Edamame! You know those little beans that come out when you eat out at a Japanese bar or restaurant? Those amazing little green, salty, savory, and very healthy snack? Love them as much as I do? Good news! They aren’t just restricted to being eaten whole and boiled. At the restaurant I work at, we serve an edamame horseradish purée with our salmon dish. Our salmon dish is served with the purée, salsify, and a ginger-soy emulsion foam."
"The race, in memory of the OKC bombing, is incredibly inspiring, and I’m going to need all the inspiration I can get!!"
"Earlier during the hearing, Smith faced the families and said he didn’t expect them to forgive him, but hoped to be given the chance to get on with his life."
"I love the presentation and the eggplant sauce is very rich and flavorful. It's hard to believe how fast and easy it was to make. It took about 10 minutes prep and about 20- 30 minutes to cook."
"- Make a cash donation (stop in the day of the sale or see a director any time)."
"See her in the background. While he slept she checked him every couple minutes. Too funny and cute!"
"Firstly, that I think that a Conservative has expressed an opinion, albeit not one he thought he was acknowledging in public, which could be considered libertarian."
"Dinner: Panera Bread French Onion Soup (no bread)"
"Looking forward to Thanksgiving break. 4 whole days with Matt, heck yes..."
"Jacob, (Or the alien race controlling the virtual reality lab) has run various pyschological and physical tests to see if they are worthy to survive. To be permitted to live on. Or as the MIB stated in the season five finale exchange with Jacob on the beach:"
"If you’re an author or illustrator who’s blogging, Tweeting, Facebooking or using other social networks to build your platform, you need to think strategically about who you’re going to reach online and how you’re going to do it."
"4. Allowing their children to run wild."
"03-03-2009"
"Last night, The Voice was on. I don’t know if it’s the combination of Blake Shelton and Adam Levine that draws me in, but I love that show. Those two coaches are an added bonus. But really, the contestants can sing. They have real, lasting talent and most of them have the “it” factor. These people are superstars in the making. I’m really enjoying Juliet Simms and Tony Lucca. And yes, I have downloaded a few songs from the show. I’m just really pleased with this season and decided to spread the word. I also love Glee and New Girl. But, they were both sad last night and what’s up with that? I like the quirkiness of the two shows and the understated humor and that’s what I want, not tears. Come on shows, get funny!"
"There is a parade and western festival in our city, so we will ride our beach cruisers down to the events for an hour or two. Have a beautiful weekend everyone! ox"
"Maybe he was right? Maybe I would ‘switch off’ too? When the baby arrives I might decide that no job is worth time apart from my child. In fact, judging by the way I feel now, I think that’s highly likely."
"Weniger Einfluss der US-Regierung auf die Internetverwaltung Icann — das hatte nicht nur die EU-Kommission gefordert. Auch Länder wie Brasilien und Iran zeigten sich immer wieder verärgert über die Vormachtstellung der USA in Sachen Internet. Die Internetverwaltung Icann durfte nicht völlig autonom entscheiden — das US-Handelsministerium hatte stets seine Hände mit im Spiel, wenn es um Grundsatzentscheidungen wie neue Topleveldomains ging."
"He then explains how Marxist leaders use informers to make lists of anti-Communist and other politically incorrect people who they want to execute once they – actually a Jewish oligarchy – come to power. The oligarch’s secret lists include “civil rights” activists and idealistically-minded “useful idiot” leftists as well."
"I’ve got telescopic, hydrostatic joints which can neither break nor become painfully twisted. I have a main and accessory retina housed in each of my insulated and elongated eyes, which focus even the dimmest light into a crystal-clear image. I have three hearts – each barely more than an efficient backwash seal which allows my pressurized blood to make a full circulatory lap every few minutes. My lungs, like yours, operate via vacuum generation which draws air into my body. The only difference is that, without a diaphragm, I straighten my spine and shrug back my shoulders whenever I want my lungs to expand and pull at the air. My body stores no fat at all."
"On governance:"
"Genius meets Genius"
"Remember that it was the Word of the Lord that Paul resisted. But the Bible is full of examples of people who resisted. But isn’t the Word of God “set in concrete”? Peter quotes from Isaiah 40:8 as he writes, “The word of the Lord endureth forever” We can learn a lesson from Proverbs 14:12."
"“For damaging government property.”"
"This is not a “do we deserve to have Our Lord die on the Cross for our souls” question. It is a question of how men treat one another. In this society, the context that we have created for ourselves, does humanity have the right continue existing, continue hoping?"
"I knew when I set my multiple alarms on the Friday night that it was a pretty pointless exercise. I just needed to do something, some kind of ritual that might affect the space time continuum and some how affect the start time of the show at the Rock Pub the following day. ‘Door’s open 12:30’, the flyer said."
"Moreover, she was responsible for helping to start the first child therapy program at the Rape Crisis Center of San Antonio, Texas in 2000. Her Ph.D. research was focused on marriage and relationship therapy for victims of sexual assault. Dr. Weiland Knarr has also taught as an adjunct professor in psychology at St. Mary’s University and in family studies at University of Maryland College Park."
"Next year, I’m signing up early, in order to have work reviewed. (I’ll also go a little lighter on the horseradish, at Acme and Felix’s)."
"Oh, and now that I am thinking about it, maybe I take back those rude comments earlier. When you think about it, having a tingly peepee is a damn good thing, right?"
"Boil Size: 13.01 gal"
"Homemade delicious looking fudge that includes two of my favorite foods, chocolate and peanut butter. Now I'm a baker and I recently got a kitchenaid mixer but there are a few foods I'm afraid to try making for fear of messing them up and fudge is one of them, so I don't get it often. Theres no real substitute for homemade fudge either. Can't buy it in the store and chocolate fudge truffles are not REAL fudge. I miss it, it's been a really long time... probably over a year and a half since I have had real fudge. Now I really want some... darn it."
"Sometimes we laughed, sometimes we cried,"
"I am grateful she is here -- at this very time of the season.. to enjoy those trees outside of her window."
"711510 Independent artists, writers, & performers"
"I hope you had a Blessed Easter Sunday."
"Why would anyone not say “Yes!” to their miracle?"
"“Didn’t I tell you my life story?” Abelle asked rhetorically. “No, you were ever so eager to get me in bed. Oh well, see if you had thought to ask I would have explained that my loving granny was a voodoo high priestess and that while I was born and raised in Houston, Texas and do have a PhD in organic chemistry I sort of took up granny’s work after she passed on.”"
"Him. I see him and he is mildly excited but there is no heart in his acts. His body moves to some rhythm, a pulse quickened by blood, some inner demon making him twist and writhe. I can feel his clammy skin under the fashionable clothes, his stale breath falling on her neck."
"They will always be remembered"
"Oh geez, maybe it's better we not meet after all."
"no matter how far we may have strewn – is simply beautiful."
"Chapter Two is titled “Pain (Chaos Reigns).” It is during this section of the film that He subjects She to a course of exposure therapy. She must walk on the ground, confront the woods and come to terms with her fear of nature. In Eden, as it turns out, all is not well. We come to find that nature is cruel and excessive in the suffering it demands. A deer is spied with a stillborn fawn hanging limp from its birth canal. A wounded, bloodied fox lies dying in the grass and barks “Chaos reigns!” The oak tree standing next to their cabin drops hundreds of acorns onto the roof, reminding them that in order for one tree to thrive, hundreds of acorns (its babies) must die. A baby chick falls from a nest, helpless and covered with ants, only to be snatched up and eaten alive by a passing bird of prey. This is nature, “red in tooth and claw.” As She tells her husband, “Nature is Satan’s church.”"
"Brian Zunker is a House Manager and is responsible for the great photo and story of the Cline family and their wonderful delivery of pull tabs. Brian enjoys promoting donations and volunteer happenings on his shifts at the Ronald McDonald House."
"Two months have brought a lot of things. New and old. New frustrations, old feelings, new contexts.. But I think that the biggest thing that two months have brought is perspective. It’s a new one and who knows, maybe it’ll be gone tomorrow. Maybe I’ll get frustrated and momentarily forget it. But it’s still there, I’ve learned. In fact, I’ve always known these things. How to handle these situations. I just had to do a little soul searching to realize them."
"At Franks Lane, I turn left to cross the river, then a short distance along the puddled lane turn onto a narrow footpath between post-and-wire fences. On the left, the manicured outfield of Horton Kirby cricket club, while on the right, open parkland dotted with mature horse chestnut and collapsing ash trees, and limes, the crowns of which are festooned with mistletoe and noisy parakeets flitting between the tree tops. Somewhere beyond, over the river and obscured by the tree line, lies Franks Hall, built in 1591 by Lancelot Bathurst who frequently played host to Queen Elizabeth I here. Now Grade I listed, the Hall was used as a barn in the 1850s, before Vavasour Earle, who bought the Hall in 1883, enlarged it with the addition of a picture gallery. During the Second World war, when the home was used as a maternity home, Earle’s gallery was destroyed by incendiaries and now only the walls remain."
"I will try to do this more often. Not that my musings are all that interesting, but hey, it's fun for me. And basketball will be back soon, so there's that to talk about."
"Let the sun shine on your face don’t let ur life go to waste now is the time let it shine on u let it shine on u !!"
"light melts the reference points."
"Also, here are a few quick reminders about Holly Bloggy Christmas:"
"We headed eastwards next, dropping in for a quick one in The Dean Swift, near Tower Bridge. I was pleased to find Siberia on, a rhubarb saison from Ilkley Brewery, produced with the assistance of Melissa Cole. I loved this: lots of fresh and juicy red berry flavours on a light and quite dry base. The near-6% ABV is well hidden. The missus opted for Camden Ink, a keg stout though one mercifully served without nitro. It's an intensely heavy beer with lots of gorgeous roast grain on the nose. Tasting starts with a gentle caress of chocolate followed by a major jolt of espresso. I wouldn't say it's exactly sessionable, despite a very reasonable 4.4% ABV, but it is a beautiful example of how to do stout well."
"Melon (Cantaloupe, Honey Dew, Watermelon)"
"In addition to going through background checks and security clearance, winners must agree to be used without compensation in future Campaign materials; OFA releases videos and other promotional materials about the lucky winners' time in the spotlight with the President."
"Monica writes her ass off in this beautiful essay about living in both wonderment and fear, inspired by thinking about the loss of her friend Katie's son Henry."
"Put them in the oven at 400 for about 15-20 minutes depending on how crunchy you like your bacon."
"*Pearls from stash"
"Ciao Bella!"
"1. What tricks/techniques do you have to keep the things you bring home from school to a minimum?"
"2) In politics, as in life in general, you should treat other people as you would wish them to treat you."
"Doing a google search turned out lots of options and led me to expand beyond just bamboo tile. My mind just started reeling with possibilities with all of the following:"
"But even the strong ones can be surprised,"
"So today I want you to meet Ayn. As of today she’s been away from her dad for 103 days. So what did he do? First question that comes up right, well he didn’t beat her, or sexually assault her; she wasn’t locked up in a room, neglected or the like. Her dad isn’t a drug user or drunk, but in the eyes of CPS he cannot possibly be able to handle 3 kids all by himself. So they “lightened his load” and took his daughter from him. She is in a foster home that does not properly care for her and pays a 15yr old to watch and administer “medication” to her."
"Chihungwa. The other woman was called Recha, she was given by Nzvere to Mashonganyika. Madzivanyika gave her to Chandayengerwa. Chandayengerwa was the son of Chinamaringa. These two wives ran away, Recha went back to Mashonganyika and Wandimirwa to Gutu. When Madzivanyika, Charumbira and Chingoma saw this they very angry, and they sent some people to go and take Nzvere and his sons Guhwa, Mashonganyika and Gutu. Nzvere heard this he was afraid. He told his children not to go. Nzvere told that those two women Recha and Wandimirwa must go back. Then Guhwa said they wanted to go with them. Nzvere and Gutu did not go with them because they were afraid but Guhwa, Mashonganyika, Tanhira, Rewu and their cousin Chozariva and other people went with these women."
"But before we begin navigating those challenges and charting a course to success, bear (bare?) with me for a little backstory…"
"Its 8am in the morning. The train is about to reach Patna junction. Caterer serves the morning tea."
"1) The ANC was seen as the organization behind several major terror attacks. Brett's assertion that these attacks were objected to by the ANC's leadership is highly debatable. In fact, after the Church Street bombing (aimed at a military building, but which mostly killed civilians), Oliver Tambo, ANC's leader in exile, declared it a legitimate target. Even one who had in fact read the Freedom Charter would have been horrified by this attack in rush hour, in which civilian casualties were inevitable."
"Hi all Emma here, welcome back to Fab N Funky! You obviously liked last week's challenge, as we had an absolute mountain of entries! There so so many wonderful entries, I had an extremely hard time picking a top 3!"
"Suggestions must not entail losing consciousness for any reason."
"Just put any old creams, greens, and soft yellows together,"
"Come back in a day or 2 for a new story."
"My partner had requested stars in her swap info, and around the time this swap started Elizabeth Hartman had started her sparkle punch QAL, so I exhibited a total lack of imagination and went with a sparkle punch made from solids ;) I did make a small change, and used 2.5\" squares instead of 3.5\". The colours are based loosely on my partner's mosaic - I can't remember all of them but they include Kona wine, mulberry, lupine, lilac, berry, jade green and cyan (all from Sew Fresh Fabric on etsy) and the background is Kona coal."
"I am still having my breasts cut off on Tuesday. But my kids are IT. I will fight for them and advocate for their health as long as I am alive...my own shit...not so much..."
"Miep Gies was a young woman when she helped to hide the group from the Nazis. When they were betrayed by an anonymous tip off her life was spared. It was Miep who found Anne's diary after the Nazis had left and hid it at great personal risk to herself. After the war she was reunited with Otto Frank, the only survivor of the Annexe and she gave him the diary."
"Then, one morning, 2Es and I raided the children's section at Borders, read through ALL of his books, and came across a poem that matched our intentions. It's called ATIONS."
"Last year, in the build-up to Bersih 2.0, the situation was tense: there were numerous reports of government threats and warnings, of weapons found, of people clad in yellow T-shirt arrested. Even the King himself stepped in at one stage."
"Me: I’d like to get off at the cemetery stop."
"The best way to find the “smoking gun” is to follow the smoke to the tip of the barrel. A hydrologist makes that point after being hired by environmental groups to review the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) investigation that suggests a connection between hydraulic fracturing and groundwater contamination near Pavillion."
"Please rest assured that Cathy will be sprung from the clink shortly, a sadder but wiser girl."
"Although this puts two family posts in a row (not bad, but I don't usually do it), it's been quite a while since I brought you the next canine in this series. The letter is right, and the timing is good."
"I feel like the Bazooka sets are what Topps Opening Day SHOULD be. Fun sets aimed at a slightly younger audience. I wouldn't mind them altering Topps Opening Day and giving it a slightly more \"fun\" design, much like the old Bazooka sets. But that probably won't happen. Anyway, onto the pack."
"Dove Save $1/1 Hair Care product ets (4/22)"
"What makes him one is the weeklong blizzard that strands him and six other kids at their high school. Frankly, he could be the love child of Jack Bauer and La Femme Nikita and still be an underdog in that situation. All sorts of obstacles conspire to stack the odds and make characters sympathetic in YA, whether it’s being the new kid in town or subject to the machinations of a hellish dystopian society."
"God has sure blessed me this week, and He's revealing things to me daily. I'm excited to share more at a later date!"
"i'll do my best and"
"In the middle of both final chase scenes, (one of) the vehicles our heroes use to flee from the Terminator/T-1000 are toppled over."
"Malick's going for 'the big fish' as David Lynch would say, and when an artist goes for the big fish they have to get pretentious as a matter of course, lest their spiritual aims get obscured by plot or drive or other tricks of attention getting, or else become boring like Ozu. But in the end, the little bits of character development undo their own seriousness - Brad Pitt's playing the organ at church is undone by the fact he only plays Bach onscreen and we're not subject to tired hymns sung by dusty congregations in fitful slow starts. This isn't the world we're seeing--or even memory with all its weird time images--but an uneasy combo of both, with a biology textbook and Hallmark birthday card stacked on top. I'm amazed I even remembered the dinosaur name 'Ornitholestes' while watching this -- the word coming to me as if from a lost dream of a five year old who learned to spell dinosaur names before he learned how to tie his shoes but hasn't articulated the word 'ornitholestes' in at least three decades - thanks TREE!"
"The significance of what’s going on in Spain is a case in point. The Spanish Civil War in 1935-6 was a portent of what we could expect from the Nazis after 1939. Once more, 76 years later, the country represents a pivotal stage in the world’s drift into mute acceptance of the will of a tiny group of diseased minds."
"Linda, well Linda, what can I say. She is the great encourager, the one in charge of details and making everyone feel special and at home! She preshipped numerous items for our very special tea that day!"
"So if we are replacing your conservatory and you happen to have a cat stuck in your tree, why not ask! You never know."
"banana blueberry"
"Lola Ridge – The Ghetto"
"In the same way that many people are nervous of going to the dentist, I am much more nervous of going to the optician. As I have a face which glasses wouldn’t suit (i.e. my face already looks like a smashed packet of Smash), contact lenses would be the best option when it comes to my appearance. However, I would literally die, be reincarnated, then instantly die all over again if I tried to put in a contact lens."
"With such a tasty drink in hand, obviously I trusted Michael to recommend dishes too. Boy, he did not disappoint! The shrimp was delicious! Crunchy crust, with a taste of sweet & spicy, and perfectly cooked shrimp inside."
"Link to :"
"Main Conference July 27-29: Topics will be grounded with the “Practical Beekeeper” in mind. Schedule and topics TBA. $210 (early bee price until May 15…$230 after May 15)."
"Some were born to fly. And some are forced to pick up the feathers. So it was with my grandfather, who served in the Army Air Force during World War II. He loved planes, loved flying, and had hoped to take the skies, to lead missions. He wanted to be a hero, like in the movies."
"I would imagine we may see an even higher increase for 2012 as devices are becoming more competitively priced."
"How the camera doth deceive.... because this is the rest of the room:"
"Please leave a comment below with your choice of Overlays Package AND Pillow choice."
"This year's Experimental consist of two bourbons with different secondary grains (the grain added in addition to corn and a small amount of barley malt). One uses oats and the other uses rice."
"Illustration Size: approximately 8\" x 10\""
"Hollande won an estimated 28 percent of the vote, with Sarkozy following at 27 percent. Neo-fascist candidate Marine Le Pen’s score of 19 percent surpassed poll estimates, as well as the 16.8 percent score of her father Jean-Marie Le Pen in the 2002 elections. Two other candidates won significant scores: Left Front candidate Jean-Luc Mélenchon at 11 percent—down from previous estimates of 14 to 15 percent—and the Democratic Movement’s (MoDem) François Bayrou, a right-wing “centrist” candidate, at 9 percent."
"As I've just got back from a 12 hour overnight coach journey (turns out Lyon and Bologna, while geographically rather close, are a nightmare transport-wise) I will wait until tomorrow, when it hopefully won't take me an hour to write 3 sentences, to reveal what I made."
"Accessories: Everyday enchantment brad & ribbon back (SAB & retired), blossom punch, circle punches, polka dot embossing folder"
"Tom Dalldorf from the Celebrator showed up so we headed for another tasting. I hung back to add the Centennials and some more fresh Cascade hops from Yakima (only a few, I swear!). The group had disappeared at this point so I ended up in the pilot brewhouse until after the hop addition. \"\" helped me find the rest of the group in the 200bbl cellar. I missed the first tasting (again) of Estate Harvest Ale but got a sample before we left."
"Mom, we were in Poison Ivy and there was a clear waterfall, so clear we could hang our tongues out and take a drink."
"We’ve had our doubts but now we’re fine,"
"There will be many of you, like me, who look at the vast, gaping hole in the ‘relevant experience’ part on your graduate applications and feel like crying. In my darker moments, I wonder why any employer would pick the girl from the coffee shop over the girl who has done one million internships. Well, I’m about to tell you."
"director sama is very pro D: amaaaaaazing."
"By a kick in the ribs or a pat on the head."
"I have so many pictures saved on my computer of crochet work I want to try. Man, the amount of patterns and books I buy are seriously ridiculous, too."
"This becomes an infinite loop. However, an external program might write ’0′ to the location of variable opt. Volatile variables are also useful when multi-threaded programs have global variables and any thread can modify these shared variables. Of course, we don’t want optimization on them."
"The sobs continued and she went to find sympathy with her (push over) father. But no, Dad backed me on the issue. A few minutes later I heard the now muffled sobs but I couldn’t place they were coming from. I went into the kitchen for a glass of water and there she was, on the lap of our babá softly sobbing into her chest, the babá stroking her hair."
"If you read this... do a kindness for someone who can't help themselves."
"The goal is to let your doctor know that you value the good care she gives you. If your doctor goes the extra mile for you, express gratitude. We all like to hear that we have done well or that we have done something to improve someone else’s life. Doctors need that too."
"What kind of JackAss is that eating Sushi, Roast beef and mashed potatoes in a same FXXXin' plate?"
"Happy Saturday and Happy National Scrapbooking Day - I definitely intend to scrap today. Am finishing up a page for Core'dination's later this month. Watch their blog - we have some fabulous projects and pages to show you this month. Got so many fun goodies to play with!"
"To put it simply, with the kind of visa I have now, I can leave and enter the country as I please within the one-year period. Last year the requirements added a clause that foreigners had to leave every 6 months and come back in and reregister. But that could be done by simply crossing the border into Estonia or Finland and then coming back in, even that same day."
"CPFC have not only enthused and encouraged youngsters in south east London through the excellent work of its respected youth academy, which has recently produced players like John Bostock and Victor Moses. This work has also had an effect internationally with the achievements at Crystal Palace Baltimore in the USA."
"I’ve never cried over losing a game before, but I came pretty darn close with this one. I was the reason for the runner on third."
"so she can see him, stop squinting,"
"- Last week my husband accidently hit a deer on his way to work. After 9 years of living in the country, he had never hit one...and there are a lot out here! This one was actually close to the city, and when it darted out in front of his car he slammed the brakes, and narrowly missed it. However, right behind the first deer was a second deer, and sadly that one did not make it. The police officer had to put the deer down. My husband was very emotional about seeing that."
"I started writing novels in 2002, but will fast forward to the particular novel being published, Never Eighteen. I wrote Never Eighteen, then called Mending Fences, during NaNoWriMo (National Novel Writing Month) in 2008. Any book written in 30 days is going to be a real mess. I polished it up a little and entered it in the Amazon Breakthrough Novel Award Contest (ABNA) for that year. I’d entered the year before and made the semi-finals. That year, um, nope. Got ousted after the first round. I sat down and did some major revisions then sent it to different people to read—from readers to writers to people in the business I’d connected with. I took their suggestions to do yet another draft and another. By the time I felt I was finished, I was at Mending Fences, version 15.0 (that’s how I name all my novels to keep the rewrites straight)"
"I grow the corn, you gimme the husk"
"have an internet connection, convenient, self-paced, more time on task, offers flexibility, available 24/7, enables you to cut the commute, and they’re often less expensive!"
"I made it to round 2! Thank you all for your support and had to do another video that you can see here."
"It seems a few hours"
"Theodor Seuss Geisel, better known to the world as the beloved Dr. Seuss, was born in 1904 on Howard Street in Springfield, Massachusetts. Ted's father, Theodor Robert, and grandfather were brewmasters in the city. His mother, Henrietta Seuss Geisel, often soothed her children to sleep by \"chanting\" rhymes remembered from her youth. Ted credited his mother with both his ability and desire to create the rhymes for which he became so well known.Although the Geisels enjoyed great financial success for many years, the onset of World War I and Prohibition presented both financial and social challenges for the German immigrants. Nonetheless, the family persevered and again prospered, providing Ted and his sister, Marnie, with happy childhoods.The influence of Ted's memories of Springfield can be seen throughout his work. Drawings of Horton the Elephant meandering along streams in the Jungle of Nool, for example, mirror the watercourses in Springfield's Forest Park from the period. The fanciful truck driven by Sylvester McMonkey McBean in The Sneetches could well be the Knox tractor that young Ted saw on the streets of Springfield. In addition to its name, Ted's first children's book, And To Think That I Saw It On Mulberry Street, is filled with Springfield imagery, including a look-alike of Mayor Fordis Parker on the reviewing stand, and police officers riding red motorcycles, the traditional color of Springfield's famed Indian Motocycles.Ted left Springfield as a teenager to attend Dartmouth College, where he became editor-in-chief of the Jack-O-Lantern, Dartmouth's humor magazine. Although his tenure as editor ended prematurely when Ted and his friends were caught throwing a drinking party, which was against the prohibition laws and school policy, he continued to contribute to the magazine, signing his work \"Seuss.\" This is the first record of the \"Seuss\" pseudonym, which was both Ted's middle name and his mother's maiden name.To please his father, who wanted him to be a college professor, Ted went on to Oxford University in England after graduation. However, his academic studies bored him, and he decided to tour Europe instead. Oxford did provide him the opportunity to meet a classmate, Helen Palmer, who not only became his first wife, but also a children's author and book editor.After returning to the United States, Ted began to pursue a career as a cartoonist. The Saturday Evening Post and other publications published some of his early pieces, but the bulk of Ted's activity during his early career was devoted to creating advertising campaigns for Standard Oil, which he did for more than 15 years.As World War II approached, Ted's focus shifted, and he began contributing weekly political cartoons to PM magazine, a liberal publication. Too old for the draft, but wanting to contribute to the war effort, Ted served with Frank Capra's Signal Corps (U.S. Army) making training movies. It was here that he was introduced to the art of animation and developed a series of animated training films featuring a trainee called Private Snafu.While Ted was continuing to contribute to Life, Vanity Fair, Judge and other magazines, Viking Press offered him a contract to illustrate a collection of children's sayings called Boners. Although the book was not a commercial success, the illustrations received great reviews, providing Ted with his first \"big break\" into children's literature. Getting the first book that he both wrote and illustrated, And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street, published, however, required a great degree of persistence - it was rejected 27 times before being published by Vanguard Press.The Cat in the Hat, perhaps the defining book of Ted's career, developed as part of a unique joint venture between Houghton Mifflin (Vanguard Press) and Random House. Houghton Mifflin asked Ted to write and illustrate a children's primer using only 225 \"new-reader\" vocabulary words. Because he was under contract to Random House, Random House obtained the trade publication rights, and Houghton Mifflin kept the school rights. With the release of The Cat in the Hat, Ted became the definitive children's book author and illustrator.After Ted's first wife died in 1967, Ted married an old friend, Audrey Stone Geisel, who not only influenced his later books, but now guards his legacy as the president of Dr. Seuss Enterprises.At the time of his death on September 24, 1991, Ted had written and illustrated 44 children's books, including such all-time favorites as Green Eggs and Ham, Oh, the Places You'll Go, Fox in Socks, and How the Grinch Stole Christmas. His books had been translated into more than 15 languages. Over 200 million copies had found their way into homes and hearts around the world.Besides the books, his works have provided the source for eleven children's television specials, a Broadway musical and a feature-length motion picture. Other major motion pictures are on the way.His honors included two Academy awards, two Emmy awards, a Peabody award and the Pulitzer Prize."
"24 dill pickle slices"
"She sits there on that chair,"
"Through the years it has become evident that if you put your mind to it and are willing to make some sacrifices, you will be able to put up preps that you need. Some of the most expensive of those preps are going to be tools that you use to secure other preps and that is what I have been focusing on."
"Congratulations, Hilde and Laura! Email us at info@lawnfawn.com with your shipping address and we will send them right along!"
"This card's shape was really inspired by one of Dawn Burnworth's (from Flourishes DT) cards called \"Flourishes Calla Lilies\". She used this exact die in an upright position. I kept going back to that card, thinking, \"Why didn't I think of that?\" :) It really was one of those cards for me, still keep clicking back to it to admire the artistry of it, I just love it so much! - Great job, Dawn :)"
"Nicolas Veron, senior fellow at Bruegel, a Brussels-based think tank, is not too far away from that: \"This agreement does not set Greece on a sustainable track, and more pain is sure to come down the road …\". Yet Mohammed el-Erian, co-chief executive of Pimco is more blunt: \" … this agreement is likely to follow its predecessors and fall apart in the weeks ahead\"."
"I like the results, what do you think?"
"And I guess that’s the point; a wedding ceremony isn’t something you do every day (hopefully) so it stands to reason that something should make it extraordinary. So why not infuse rings with meaning and symbolism, and why not insist that people are facing each other at the correct time, and why not delve into Old English when necessary?"
"MASS ARRESTS AND LIENS"
"My plans are to apply the same kind of intense focus in my position as Chair of the Council’s Sanitation Committee. I look forward to developing a better understanding of the issues regarding sanitation throughout the City of New York, as well as working with the administration and sanitation experts to concentrate on new and innovation ideas regarding Citywide sanitation, and improving upon quality of life issues for constituents."
"So here’s a dishonourable mention to Gator69, Klem, Red Jeff, Darcy, and Rotterdam/Michigan(Sockpuppet). Mooner added himself to this list a month after I’d compiled, but had not yet published it. Support electoral fraud, so long as those darn lefties don’t get into power, eh?"
"But maybe he’ll be kinder if he knows,"
"shoes - pumice stone"
"Sing-song and off-key and just plain wrong."
"Tell your boss, the teachers at your school,"
"The much-praised band of psychotically talented wordsmith whiteboys returns with the initial single from their upcoming July release, \"Masters Of The Dark Arts\".."
"The only rap song I ever enjoyed was an ironic sporting ditty called Come on, Aussie, come on!, sung by a man who was obviously an outlandish humbug. I defy you to listen to it three times without joining in at the chorus. It now has an exalted place in my pantheon of favourite Australian hits, a coterie which includes Tie me kangaroo down! and Bite me arse, yer drongo! You can always trust the Australians to turn something vulgar and inane into a humorous classic."
"“I’d hoped to have more information by the time you arrived, but the police are still investigating. Everything has happened so quickly.” Grayson played the moment and indicated the concierge’s office with a gesture. Taking Corliss’ arm, he said, “Let’s talk in private.”"
"What a difference a year makes, especially for a dog! I started blogging just about a year ago, and so far my blog has had 25,000 hits– I figure that for a dog, that’s about 7 years and a million hits. Most humans that come here want to learn more about (a) fracking, (b) symbolic interactionism, or (c) Panic! At the Disco. Sometimes, they just want to see a cute picture of me:"
"As someone who has for periods of time posted at DailyKos, and who briefly once had ‘trusted user status,’ I know quite well how this functions as a community. While it is a politics blog, it has spawned spin-off blogs (ie: mothers interested in liberal politics), sub-communities (ie: BlackKos, LatinoKos), and series of weekly articles that rise and fall in popularity (ie: Darksyde’s science posts). There are superstars, and ideas grow and decline in a virtual ecosystem."
"It’s Sunday afternoon. You’re sitting down at the kitchen table, coffee at your side, clippers in hand. In front of you rests 20 coupon circulars, waiting patiently for you to begin slicing and dicing. How in the good name of Bea Arthur do you approach this? By following these simple rules:"
"The Deputy Prime Minister said it was unfair that while ordinary Britons were paying 30 or 40 per cent, hundreds of millionaires were getting away with sacrificing less than 20 per cent of their income by using an ‘army of lawyers and accountants’."
"12. Remove all cellphones, facebook pages etc. Be firm, don’t give into emotional blackmail. They might say they hate you, underneath they’ll appreciate the break. But have their friends around more often. Have homework dates for older children. Play board games rather than computer games. Put the time in, but be childish – pull pranks, trick them, have them on. For older children, including teens, pull out their old lego and dolls and see what happens."
"This exploratory case study investigated practices in accelerated ab initio language learning at one university from the perspectives of students and teachers. Teaching practices and institutional policies were considered alongside the motivational challenges faced by students on ab initio courses. The research involved both individual and focus group interviews."
"The most important victory for the mill workers in this phase was that their right over a part of the mill lands was recognized, and they were promised housing and alternate jobs, all of which was meant to save the area known as Girangaon, and therefore the identity, heritage and ethos of Mumbai. It was also an important gain in principle for the city. However the govt and the mill owners drastically cut down the size land that was due under the 1/3 formula by applying it only to ‘vacant land’ in the mill premises."
"“That was Rohit’s Fault… He took long time to get ready… “"
"“Nerve, character, an ability to perform in a white-hot atmosphere, refereeing decisions and, yes, luck on the night will all play a part in this massive match. Just sit back and watch it unfold with us. This is as big as they come.” Ian Darke, a commentator for ESPN, wasn’t underestimating the significance of this match. According to NYTimes.com, what was called the “most anticipated match in Premier League history” was broadcasted to over 650 million homes in 203 territories. After about 95 minutes, the match of the year ended in a 1-0 win by the home team, Manchester City."
"Is Love"
"Maybe he's dreaming about his new bike...?"
"But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but what they know naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves. Woe unto them! for they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran greedily after the error of Balaam for reward, and perished in the gainsaying of Core. These are spots in your feasts of charity, when they feast with you, feeding themselves without fear: clouds they are without water, carried about of winds; trees whose fruit withereth, without fruit, twice dead, plucked up by the roots; Raging waves of the sea, foaming out their own shame; wandering stars, to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness for ever."
"He smiled the most of all for his Uncle Joe, big grins, lots to say. That was pretty cute too, big old manly Joe cooing to his nephew."
"Yeah, oxygen deprivation makes your brain do some weird things."
"The simplified executive functioning would probably flow as follows but each component would have a myriad of ordered sub-tasks as well;"
"On writing about the composer's \"sonic cosmos\", Will Self addresses the perennial questions with which artists (whether writers, painters or film-makers) are faced: how much do I reveal about my unique inner world? And will this chime with the reader/viewer/listener? The answer is: you reveal as much as you like, or as much as your manager/publisher/agent allows you to; and you might or might not care one jot about what your future audience thinks of you work. Which, some of us might say, is almost career suicide."
"So I have been stressing like a maniac to finish everything needed, before we set of to Ch's mom cabin to celebrate her 50's birthday!"
"EGGLESS NUTELLA COOKIES"
"- an anti Semite with Royalist tendencies"
"My parents were an interfaith couple in a time when \"the faiths\" even if they were both \"Christian\" didn't mingle. I grew up hearing that the faith I was being raised in was the only \"true\" faith and that non-believers would surely go to hell, or purgatory, or somewhere really, really unpleasant. I grew up thinking that maybe my mom, even though she was a protestant, would be saved from certain doom just because she showed up at the catholic church twice a week to drop us off at Mass and CCD. Then later having to explain to my own children that daddy would surely not burn in HEdoublehockeystix for being Jewish and that \"heaven\" was not secular and full of separate faith-based rooms. My journey through life has led me to do some extensive research on religion and quite often I venture there metaphorically with my artwork. Why? I think it is that one word that stands out which is MYSTERY. That word \"mystery\"intrigues me. The risk of wonderment is almost as great as the RISK of jumping off a cliff and in most of my life. It is what drives me. I love flying by the SEAT of my pants! Despite leaving the \"church\" 10 years ago though, I have yet to give up my faith, that is TOO risky so I study other things as if I am searching for a reason to let go completely. Yet secretly, I pray that what I was taught to believe in will eventually stop being hypocritical and come around to the true meaning of the word catholic: broad scoped, liberal, open to ideas, and universal."
"Weight Watchers PointsPlus with Fat Free Sour cream (2 Tbsp), Mexican cheese blend (1/8 cup) and onion mix = 6 points"
"I give these away during special holidays and I'm telling you, the people love them!"
"To do NOTHING when something is required is the epitome of laziness."
"Love is not the right word-"
"I know it’s so often said that you never know what you have until you lose it, but death certainly has presented that to me. I received a call Tuesday evening informing me that my grandmother was in the hospital after suffering two heart attacks and the chances of her survival were practically nothing. After taking her off life support the next day, her heart stopped almost immediately and the world lost a wonderful soul."
"So, today was the last day in the Ynystawe house. I’d got there at around 8:50am, knackered as they were due at 9 to collect it. I figured get rid of the sofa, drop off keys and paperwork at the letting agency, wander into town for Christmas shopping, some comics and a Subway."
"It started with the girls climbing into bed with me in the morning to give me my presents. As their dad was away they did all the shopping, choosing, and wrapping themselves and I must say they did pretty well too! I got some really fun stuff for my iPhone & iPad, as well as an M&M gumball dispenser, chocolates and a voucher for a manicure."
"Intellectual Property Laws Amendment (Raising the Bar) Act 2012"
"Our Shepherd Express ad features Alison Bechdel, as well as Paul Dickson for his Bill Veeck biography (Thursday, May 3) and John T. Edge for the Truck Food Cookbook (Tuesday, May 15)."
"Vive la diferencia!"
"Dang, I feel like ToTo riding in Dorothy’s basket. It has been hectic. I need to settle in and catch up to date with ya’ll. The Annual Angelina River Bottom Exhibition (fishing trip, remember the pirate’s chest) is this coming weekend, actually starting Friday, so I will be tied up for a few more days."
"“Education is the answer” serves the colleges and universities who want the tuition payments. It serves the companies who make student loans. It helps the offshoring corporations disguise that they are the main cause of unemployment."
"I was having my \"Hair-did\" yesterday and read a recipe for a Soup. I was Going to have my stylist, Ericka, copy the recipe,,,and forgot,,,,,,while we were talking and I was getting \"rolled\" up,,,,,,,,Truly, I sat under the dryer with clingy rollers and when she \"combed me out\" I had hair like Adele! Too fun! Only trust me, you don't want ME to sing!........But as usual, I am wandering.........So SOUP! Here ya go!"
"8. Lonnie Irving - Pinball Machine"
"If you are smiling and laughing today, then by all means enjoy it and embrace the happiness. If there is anything that we deserve is those times of a really good HARD laugh. I remember feeling like Carrie from Sex and the City 1, when she was left at the alter and thought she would never laugh again. Then she see Charlotte crap her pants in Mexico and really did laugh hard. It is moments like those that make us feel normal again and I totally think its ok."
"The West has publicly stated its support for the revolution of the masses. But do they really mean it? Or is it because they do not realize the reality of what is happening? Or is it just because they feel that they must join the bandwagon?"
"And the reason I’m writing this post, the newest quirk that put the idea in my head, is that she has recently decided she simply doesn’t want her bedtime bottle anymore. No weaning for this kid: she’s gone cold turkey. Honestly, how many kids do that? Don’t you usually have to deal with months of crying and arguing to work a kid off their nighttime bottle?"
"- mixed all ingredients together making batter, add more cold sparkling water if its doughy. The batter should be runny but still stick to a spoon."
"Mamba has NOT yet been restored. This is very important to make clear. The print we will show at Cinefest is a work in progress, straight out of the can. The picture elements are far from perfect and the soundtrack is noisy, still this doesn't hide the fact that the nitrate print is in very good condition. There is no apparent damage or anything apart from the usual scratches, uneven lightning and some loose splices. The digital print was made out of curiosity and the sole purpose with it is to be able to show this believed long lost film to the world."
"By the way - BNP apologists who link to BNP blogs are not our ‘comrades’."
"-THE NEW JERSEY SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS-"
"Or I should say Trey built."
"Sakmongkol AK47"
"Blush from Stampin Up"
"In June-July – the kids have swim team. Every weekday morning (every single one) the kids have to be in the water for practice at various times between 6:30 am and 8:30 am. Swim team is fabulous, it makes them get up in the morning, gets them exercise. Roughly 2 times a week there are swim meets where they get to hang out with friends and eat all the grapes and granola bars they want."
"We even had a little time to horse around before the first finishers came across the line. Kerri and I were both supposed to run the half marathon and both of us had to drop out. We were not going to leave until we had an action shot of crossing the finish line. Yes, people thought we were nuts. Eh...I figured I just paid $80 bucks for that picture."
"JA: I always wanted to be a healthy, wealthy choreographic star, what else? I wanted to share joy, optimism, pleasure, making people dance and working for peace. I was born a Jew and gay, so I was conscious of discrimination and persecution very soon. I was praying for a world of peace and tolerance. I was born in a family who ran away from Algeria, so the fear and trauma of the war was even more present. My family ran away with nothing. They were poor. And their pride suffered a lot because of that. So I wanted to be rich to buy them castles. However, it was a very joyful family, singing and dancing while working, cooking, and doing housework. My will to dance comes from this oriental happy ambiance."
"- You scream that your parents are not letting you make your own decisions and you still sleep with an arsenal of stuffed animals."
"Lest you misunderstand, my allergy is still alive and well. Oh, I still lapse into convulsive fits when around smokers in restaurants or amusement parks or ballgames, but never once in church with Gina. That’s bling, sister!"
"THE FIRST TIME I CALLED MISTER ROGERS on the telephone, I woke him up from his nap. He takes a nap every day in the late afternoon–just as he wakes up every morning at five-thirty to read and study and write and pray for the legions who have requested his prayers; just as he goes to bed at nine-thirty at night and sleeps eight hours without interruption. On this afternoon, the end of a hot, yellow day in New York City, he was very tired, and when I asked if I could go to his apartment and see him, he paused for a moment and said shyly, “Well, Tom, I’m in my bathrobe, if you don’t mind.” I told him I didn’t mind, and when, five minutes later, I took the elevator to his floor, well, sure enough, there was Mister Rogers, silver-haired, standing in the golden door at the end of the hallway and wearing eyeglasses and suede moccasins with rawhide laces and a flimsy old blue-and-yellow bathrobe that revealed whatever part of his skinny white calves his dark-blue dress socks didn’t hide. “Welcome, Tom,” he said with a slight bow, and bade me follow him inside, where he lay down–no, stretched out, as though he had known me all his life–on a couch upholstered with gold velveteen; He rested his head on a small pillow and kept his eyes closed while he explained that he had bought the apartment thirty years before for $11,000 and kept it for whenever he came to New York on business for the Neighborhood. I sat in an old armchair and looked around. The place was drab and dim, with the smell of stalled air and a stain of daguerreotype sunlight on its closed, slatted blinds, and Mister Rogers looked so at home in its gloomy familiarity that I thought he was going to fall back asleep when suddenly the phone rang, startling him. “Oh, hello, my dear,” he said when he picked it up, and then he said that he had a visitor, someone who wanted to learn more about the Neighborhood. “Would you like to speak to him?” he asked, and then handed me the phone: “It’s Joanne,” he said. I took the phone and spoke to a woman–his wife, the mother of his two sons–whose voice was hearty and almost whooping in its forthrightness and who spoke to me as though she had known me for a long time and was making the effort to keep up the acquaintance. When I handed him back the phone, he said, “Bye, my dear,” and hung up and curled on the couch like a cat, with his bare calves swirled underneath him and one of his hands gripping his ankle, so that he looked as languorous as an odalisque. There was an energy to him, however, a fearlessness, an unashamed insistence on intimacy; and though I tried to ask him questions about himself, he always turned the questions back on me, and when I finally got him to talk about the puppets that were the comfort of his lonely boyhood, he looked at me, his gray-blue eyes at once mild and steady; and asked, “What about you, Tom? Did you have any special friends growing up?”"
"Wagner"
"Zishaan ”ZuZu” Shafi"
"How would you answer these questions?"
"For those of you local to DC and Arlington in particular, you might enjoy checking out this new undergrad course at George Mason’s Center for Consciousness and Transformation."
"After three years of planning, dreaming, scheming, yearning, and plain hard work, we finally have the house of our dreams, in our beloved Adelaide Hills."
"I just took time and snap a shot at this scene (oh, it’s against the rules!). At this moment I wish I have a wide angle lens to capture everything."
"A wood haven"
"To give you a good idea of the layout of the closet, you basically open the door in the center and it goes back about two feet on each side of the door. Each side has a rod for hanging coats and a shelf above that and the center is filled with 4 coat hooks. We thought of some different ideas on how to best use this space (with kids, we're only going to keep collecting more and more hats, gloves and coats) but settled on creating a series of drawers and shelves on one side of the closet (removing the rod) and leaving the other side as is with the rod and shelf. We may decide to do something different on the other side but for now we'll see how we like the drawers and shelves first."
"Brown Eyed Handsome Man by Waylon Jennings"
"I am giving away this image, Birthday Cake Mouse to one lucky winner who leaves a comment on this post before the close of the blog hop on April 6th at 9 a.m. central time. If you would like a chance to win this cutie, be sure to leave your email address in your comment so that I have a way to contact you."
"lighter area"
"250 gram mascarpone cheese"
"500g tenderstem broccoli"
"I finish my soggy sandwich and take the bill up to Jim at the register, leaving a hefty tip in the hopes of cheering her up. ”Night, Jim,” I say as I put on my coat, getting reading to leave. ”Good night, Kim.” I wave at her and turn for the door."
"How about making this a genuinely personal journey of discovery? The John Safran/Lawrence Leung pseudo-documentary has been done to death but what if this show followed Zwar as he tried to dispel some mysteries he had about the other sex. His narration in this series is irritating because there is no point to it. The title cards tell us everything we need to know – now, if he was actually trying to find some real answers to some real questions and not just ‘do you like it when guys approach you?’ nonsense then maybe there’d be an interesting show here. Zwar’s a married man (we know because his wife is one of the women he interviews) so it’s not like he’s struggling to hook up with women, so who is he gathering this information for? Agony Aunts/Uncles has no point but maybe if the show was more personal it might."
"-2 tsp. chili powder"
"Novels are not real life. They have plots – a lot of them do anyway – and tie things up neatly at the end. The characters express themselves succinctly, stay on topic and don’t go “er” and “um” all the time. Huge chunks of time when nothing interesting is happening just vanish. And behaviour gets simplified, streamlined: good people do good things and bad people do bad things. What makes a character stand out is where they surprise us."
"\"I know you are going to want (insert item here - Tee-hee!)\""
"*I was given a free copy of this book in exchange for my honest review.*"
"Rhine-daughters."
"The beige bottle with the green cap is Paula's Choice AHA 10% for the body. Why not? It's summer and I still haven't \"de-scaled\" from the Winter months. I bought two since these were half price. They are redesigning the bottles. I'm guessing that the price will go up as well. I'm thinking that maybe I should order more? The bottle is only 8 ounces but I've found that a little goes agood enough way in covering myself. The only folly I see with this product is no SPF. So in my thinking and questioning how will I get the most out of this product. I take morning showers.My greasy hair demands it. I wear an SPF all over every day so if I apply the AHA 10% first, then apply the SPF second? Will this cause a chemical breakdown of either products efficacy? Or I could take nightly showers and apply the 10% AHA lotion to freshly cleansed skin and won't have to worry about a second layer. I'm still deciding if I want to change my whole routine for just some damn lotion. I'm leaning towards the change of taking nightly showers and just wash my hair in the morning because who doesn't want smooth KP-free arms and even toned bum? :P"
"She also said about younger girls who she could trust lured her to meet with an Italian man who then kept her locked up over night."
"Me \"No we cant your mad\""
"I keep a set of notebooks that I take to workshops and training sessions. This means I always know where to go when I need to look something up. I usually secure any handouts into the notebook with a paperclip and keep the pages together with an elastic band. These notebooks have a perforated line so that it’s easy to tear out pages and file them elsewhere, as necessary."
"Belief: You don’t have to have a degree in marketing to get great marketing results. But you do have to believe in yourself and your actions. I call it a self-fulfilling prophecy. If you believe that can’t do something, you’re right – you won’t do it. On the other hand, if you believe that you can learn what it takes to get better marketing results you will."
"Real Estate - It's Real"
"Walden Pond, Mt. Rainier, Big Sur, Everglades and so forth;"
"A question arose some time ago in the course of conversations during the Theology Department’s end of semester party. The question surrounds how to relate the will of God to sin, given that the Christian expectation is for God to bring man back into the fellowship of God, which man enjoyed in the garden of Eden and subsequently lost. The point was made that, as the hymn goes, “Felix culpa” – In other words, blessed be the fall, for it purchased for us so great a saviour. In a sense it purchased for us the whole Christian story."
"8. The Legends - Over and over (2:50)"
"and headlining"
"4. How long have you been writing for?"
"We further wish to state that up till now no feedback has ever been received from Delhi patent office on any of the search reports submitted by us in spite of our repeated requests. If they had any comments or feedback (positive or negative), they could have communicated the same to us in the first instance. Without knowing the background and context of the whole matter, it is unfair on the part of commentator to question the quality of work done by us or highlight only a particular portion of certain document.\""
"I do some critiquing online and there seems to be one particular item that permeates the work of many writers. This is the passive voice. I’ll admit it’s easy to put yourself in the passive voice. Perhaps it seems easier to write this way. I honestly don’t know and I don’t pretend to understand. What I do know is that it effects your writing negatively"
"Preheat oven to 405°F. Place soufflé dishes on a baking sheet. Bake cakes uncovered until edges are puffed and slightly cracked but center 1 inch of each moves slightly when dishes are shaken gently, about 9 minutes (so still a little underdone in the middle). Top each cake with scoop of coffee ice cream and serve immediately. Makes 8 servings."
"I've been here for several years now, so I'm used to ze ax-an français. I find it very charming, it's sweet really no matter how badly they butcher English. But today, for some reason, (Fatigue + Sugar overload + Overworking + Caffiene overload), I couldn't stop giggling during the conference call going on next to me."
"1 blacken"
"Train, train and train again until you are fully competent with your choice of weapons. Personal incompetance with your firearms is inexcusable and can cost you your life. You need to be able to transition smoothly between any weapons you own and might end up using to engage an enemy threat."
"Another wonderful magical discovery, the Arizona Sycamore Tree. I LOVE trees, there is just something so powerful and wonderful about how they stand tall and weather the storms. How they reach and stretch toward the sun. How the bark and limbs tell their stories and celebrate their age."
"If the ‘Yotes are able to duplicate that result, they will move on to play Friday and if they win, they will play Saturday, as well."
"*Please note: My mother is the source from which I am verifying information on the ancestors revealed in these photographs. She frequently calls or e-mails to correct some information she has imparted. I am at the mercy of her memory and any scraps of paper with notations she may find."
"The problem starts with the box the gloves are kept in. Watch next time you are in a hospital. How many people wash their hands before they plunge them in to pull out a glove? What happens to the germs on that that hand? They go on to the surface of next glove in the box -- the surface that is going to be in contact with the next patient. I talked about this with my dentist (as he scratched his nose with his gloved hand). He was graphic in his description of the possibilities for germ transmission . It's not that the gloves are useless, and they genuinely do protect the professionals from our body fluids, but they also make them feel as clean on the outside of the glove as they are on the inside, and that simply isn't the case. The same goes for everyone involved in cleaning and maintenance in medical settings. Unless they change their gloves between tasks, there is no reason to think that you are any better protected from other patients' germs than you would be if the staff had bare hands."
"Number 1 – Steve Gullick"
"Call ahead - This is a small river with a limited amount of boats for rent. I had no problem but I would make a reservation to avoid possible disappointment."
"“We could be dealing with illegal connections, under metering, no metering at all but we have to get a better handling on that,” he added."
"Ok, so basically everything that’s important about this show is absolutely terrible, but what’s good?"
"Our stay will be split between two different Manor Houses -- and the first is apparently within fifty yards of Rosslyn Chapel. We'll have a rental car and we plan to keep our plans pretty fluid, so wish us luck."
"Chris then regaled us with tales of youthful devotion to a cute Irish lass and how he felt a little giddy – not from her Emerald charms but from the near cardiac arrest-inducing qualities of a traditional Irish Fry and Boxty such as was paired with the Kilkenny Irish Ale. It was up to James to provide some semblance of history/culture/context to a night that was fast becoming a series of stories of drinking and misspent youth."
"I never had broccoli as I was growing up in Korea, nor I have seen it until I came to U.S over 20 years ago."
"Irrelevant is a word that describes me best. I wish to be free, but I am a prisoner of my own state, a prisoner of my own mind."
"If you haven’t seen it yet, please have a read of my “Here comes the Sun” post. It will definitely make you smile ."
"If your feet are wide, it is advisable that you go for shoes with the right size and change the insoles into thicker ones. Shape is an extremely crucial factor to consider to be able to buy shoes that fit your feet adequately."
"The third reason is when she started saying someday we will be together, I never knew how to take that. Someday could mean anything from a month to a year, to forever. Again, she wanted to be with me but she also wanted to be carefree which maybe she felt like she couldn’t do in a traditional relationship."
"Even if it were, it wouldn’t work for you or it might work. If he starts to tell you that kind of thing, don’t buy it! Don’t start worrying around about it and thinking, Oh my, I’m afraid I’m not going to get healed. I sure don’t feel healed. Why, I’m probably going to just get worse and worse…"
"There are many different types of eye in the living world. We are accustomed to the camera-type eye found in vertebrates. This structure works on the principle of the refraction of light, which falls onto the lens and is focused on a point behind the lens inside the interior of the eye."
"Dann, Crocker and his ex-wife have been raising and selling the Maine Coon and similar breeds on the Internet for several years. The cats had been sold for about $350."
"All at the lowest prices around. Get in touch EARLY for large orders before they run out for the weekend.."
"When I walked out of my professor’s office, I felt like I could be a writer. I never once thought any less of myself for the topic I chose. I thought I was following directions for the assignment. He wanted to be shocked."
"Aren’t they pretty?"
"Dr. Sandra Kennedy, with Whole Life Ministries. If you're not familiar with her, she is a powerful teacher and she's especially anointed in the gift of healing. But the most amazing thing I found about her was her love for the Word of God. It was truly contagious! I came away wanting to read the Word, know the Word, and live the Word like I did when I first gave my heart to Jesus."
"\"I will allow your mom to get you settled, but if you don't calm down I won't let her stay here with you. She can stay for a few minutes to get you settled, but if you don't settle right now, she will have to leave the room. She is not going to rescue you. This is not negotiable. Do you understand me? \" All of these words were said in the most un-loving of ways. It made my stomach turn."
"Teenage cosmopolitan"
"Amazon Sales Rank: #4198 in Health and Beauty"
"The task of eating whilst traveling is an expensive one. But there are ways to make it more affordable, and healthy."
"and the new website and blog will reflect"
"I picked this demo tape up in a trade recently knowing absolutely nothing about the band. I have been unable to find any info about Bad Omen on the internet, however I have determined from the phone number in the tape that Bad Omen were most likely from Queens/Long Island NY. I have no idea how old this demo is but I am assuming late 80's early 90's. If anyone has any info about Bad Omen please leave a comment."
"Place the pans on a wire rack and cool for 20 minutes. Run a knife around the edges and turn the cakes out onto the rack and let cool completely."
"I’m just glad that my Guild members are more picky about the jobs we taken on, which means those green beans are pretty lucky too. But let’s see, what was I … Oh yeas, assessment;"
"The Patent Office’s case was that reasonable care had not been shown. M had decided, as with previous years, to defer payment until the end of the extended renewal period and had either misread or misunderstood the clear reminder letter from his patent attorneys, with the result that he failed to realise that the final deadline for the EP(UK) patent differed from that of the other countries."
"Sunday!"
"Prog 1. Lost the free Space Spinner within days."
"sinking friendships"
"Micah - You say kind words and mean words"
"Quality is of such importance to Connor that he has page on the Bier Brewery website dedicated to his promise to produce quality beers. And he says he will not sell an inferior product. To prove his point, he tweeted yesterday that he had dumped batch #40 down the drain for not meeting quality expectations."
"2:16 : This is where you see a canister being hit directly into the crowd. Whose SOP is this .. IGP’s ? or Hishamuddin’s ?"
"-Smiled at 4 days old WITH DIMPLES:-)"
"Was it a dream, or is the dream life a reality that we come back to every night?"
"Elaine Coffman has written 19 novels and sold 5 million books. The Return of Black Douglas is a response to reader requests for books about the Scottish ancestors of Coffman’s bestselling seven-book historical Mackinnon series, the last of which was a New York Times bestseller. Isobella Douglas is pulled back in time by the ghost of her infamous ancestor The Black Douglas, where she encounters a Highland laird who’s"
"well: when a woman arrives late to class…or when i or anyone else wanders in and crosses the room, no-one takes a blind bit of notice."
"1 year since the devastating and catastrophic earthquake and tsunami. above, photo i made while the earth was shaking and after i turned on the tv. it took me a while, many thoughts and images flashing through my head. decided to go see the plum blossoms bloom yesterday and share my moments of life breathing in the fresh fragrance of blooming plum."
"I wanted to let people know about another new release by an artist whose first (full-length) album was posted here. Bruce Murdoch, one of the most under-rated folk singers to come out of the 1960s, has a new CD entitled Matters of the Heart, which you can purchase from his Web site. In an interesting contrast to the new Andy Zwerling release I mentioned a couple weeks ago, Murdoch's new music is less political (in the macro sense) and more hopeful than his first album. The songs, while introspective and melancholy at times, still seem to be largely songs of love and acceptance (even in the face absence). You can also preview some tracks on the Web site. For what it's worth, my recommendation is that you get a copy now."
"By Robert Spencer"
"At the moment I'm really into vintage illustrated nature studies; botanical, anatomical, zoological (anything with a 'cal' on the end really!)."
"No, this is not the first time I have seen a TV or used a computer."
"The lovely painting above shows a woman waiting for inspiration. The most common question questions asked of writers are \"Where do you get your ideas from?\" or \"What inspired you to ...?\" It has always baffled me. Why would you take on such an arduous, precarious and ill-paid career as writing if you were not simply teeming with an inexhaustible swarm of ideas begging to be turned into books?"
"As with many steampunk creations there is that blurred line between magical fantasy and science where the reader must sit back and simply enjoy the ride and this book delivers a twisting, turning ride of secrets and lies; hideous monsters that aren't always what they seem; and some really gruesome deeds and deaths - not gory but nonetheless disturbing."
"- That's not a bad idea Party Time. Not at all is that a bad idea. Cos that's all you need, right? The 'Long Number', the name, valid to – and – from, all what you'll get of the phone-photo of the front of it...and that security number yiv got written down. Then we'll go online and buy up a loada shit. Sell it down in Cash Convertors, what we don't want! Fuckin hell, you big cunt, that's the first brilliantly criminal thing yiv come up with, despite yer gangster leanings. Goddamn! I may be starving, but this deserves a fitting tune, cousin!!! We'll think of HOW we do it when we've something in our bellies and our energy's up!"
"I am a very soft hearted person towards animals, yes, even insects, spiders and bugs. I do not allow the killing of anything in my home, even spiders (they get 'escorted' out the door via a cup limo). So usually I would not wage a bloody battle against any insect in my home. In fact I've had spiders take up residence in my shower, they seem to enjoy the humidity and keep the mosquito's off us in the summer (or maybe that's not it at all, maybe they like the 'view'? LOL). I also enjoy watching cute Jumping Spiders hunt while in my house, they are my very favorite spider!"
"» 11/16 – Tampa, FL @ St. Pete Times Forum"
"These days, Michigan's economy is notoriously terrible -- and even though old G.R. hasn't been hit as hard as, say Detroit, where at one point the unemployment rate shot up to 50 percent, times are still pretty tough."
"Matches, tournaments and events! This is considered as the india pak cricket tour to do his level best to supersede in breaking records. Cricket lovers await world cup or any other hard fought extremely competitive game of cricket can create cricket blogs can be about the india pak cricket series, cricket wallpaper differs from site to be constantly in touch with the india pak cricket schedule of time."
"He apologized for it taking this extreme to wake him up and make him realize what this marriage means to him. He said my email was totally a shock and he didn't even realize it could happen. This is why I had to take the chance. He had to know where my heart was."
"I used lots of My Minds Eye paper, Papertrey Ink stamps and dies and some beautiful twine from the Twinery to create my project. I always loved wrapping presents when I was younger and it felt like each little advent box was a chance to decorate a small gift. I plan to put candy, activities and fun surprises in each box (yes, I know I'm a few days late but I think the kids will be okay with year ;) )"
"52% of Iowans see their senior senator Chuck Grassley favorably, and 33% unfavorably. They are not as hot on Tom Harkin, giving him a 46-40 mark, but that still puts him in a tie for 50th out of 86 senators on which we've polled. Grassley is tied for 25th. The two are equally popular with their own bases, but Grassley, at 39-45 with Democrats, is way more popular across the aisle than is Harkin (a still healthy 23-64 with Republicans). Grassley also bests Harkin with independents, 50-34 versus 39-45."
"Blog about something that you received during the first two weeks of May, and link it up here beginning on the 7th. It could be a nice note, flower, door decoration, or gift."
"Format: mp3"
"I'll see them all tomorrow, but what brought the tears was thinking about how heartbroken I would be if I never did. If I never held Sharon's hand again, or watched as Jordan blossomed into a beautiful young woman, or played catch with Matt or listened to Emma convince me, for the hundredth time, that she is the smartest person on earth, my life would be no life at all."
"know me, know me not,"
"Soon after the birth the man formed a relationship with another woman who became his wife and they had children. 'The fraud that took place over the years deprived him and his family of a huge amount of money which otherwise they would have been able to enjoy,' counsel remarked."
"But freedom, I've discovered,"
"But after a while, you get a feel for which characters are possible suspects. And generally, the less obtrusive the character, the more probable that they've done something heinous. That's why I think Trevor's comment, about anyone who says they worked out who the killer was is either a good guesser or a complete liar, is not fair - you just had to watch a few Poirot stories and put two and two together to work that out if you wanted to."
"The otters –(at the WILD! Center) I really miss them – what we their names again? I remember the little cave you could go in and poke your head up and you could see everything the otters could see."
"The proactive section describes the preparation needed to survive a long-term electrical blackout lasting months/years. At the individual level this section discusses in depth: water storage, watertreatment, long-term food storage, food preparation and cooking, lighting, sanitation, cold weather considerations, alternate electrical power, medical emergencies and security. At the governmental level, the plan discusses: service stations, traffic lights, emergency communications, old standard equipment, emergency system design, satellite hardening, spacecraft shielding, electrical grid design, backup grid assets, power restoration priority and the breakdown in banking and the financial system."
"So what's in your makebelieve Easter basket??? Do tell!"
"I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to not question the scientists and authority of this world because I believed that they are the ones who have answers and only they can know how to make decision on this world should function"
"On top of this, people often don’t hear what I’m saying, or they can’t understand my pronunciation (when I was a child, I had multiple speech problems, and I’m not completely past regarding my voice as an ineloquent embarrassment with an icing of Southern hick). Like the woman who finally tried to speak only to have someone talk over her, people sometimes talk over me. Whether they actually talk over me anymore than they talk over anyone else, I can’t honestly say because I haven’t kept count. Maybe I just hate it more. I not only consider interruptions rude, but I take them as proof that I wasted my time even trying to be heard."
"Upcoming Pathways Planning Information Evenings allow parents and students to explore opportunities that high schools have to offer in Halton."
"From the album: \"Music Hall is irreverent but basically good-natured, brassy, raucous, obvious, sentimental and fun.\" Merv Griffin only sings on five tracks, which is fine, as Treacher's performance seems more in the spirit of the Music Hall. Maybe it's the English accent?"
"As reported in the Grand Rapids Press, conductors of these sessions were the Center for Ecumenism Racial Justice Institute, the Woodrick Diversity Training Center, and the Grace Racial Justice Institute. That so many organizations were involved demonstrates the lucrative industry that has been spawned around this profitable sham."
"Julie Berebitsky is professor of history and director of the Women’s Studies Program at Sewanee: The University of the South. She is the author of Like Our Very Own: Adoption and the Changing Culture of Motherhood."
"Observation Number Five: Knowledge or real ale is dismal in this state. Don't ask me again if I'm using a nitro tap."
"Fifthly."
"Mary Ann Allison, Hofstra University. Reintegrating the Virtual with the Physical in Rome and New York"
"May 26, 2012 10-1pm Cricut Class \"Strawberry Favor Basket\""
"Basically, the original blog that caught my attention went with the idea of “the boss is always right”. This type of blog, well hell, it came off as being an advertisement for a huge jobs board. That’s part of the problem in the good old USA. We are beginning to take too much shit from people who otherwise should have their asses put in check. We all have wanted to tell the boss fall into a bag of dicks, but most will never. Most will never rock the boat. I say rock it until he/she pees their pants, terminates without prejudiced, or basically gets a clue. Management is in charge of nothing without your work product.If the new woman at the office is hot, and the boss is a guy that automatically pays her better, gives her a better cubicle, and allows her more freedoms, then yeah dumbass, he’s trying to bone her. Don’t get in the way unless you have balls of steel. Tell him to fuck himself. Tell her that he’s trying to buy her off. Cock block if she isn’t doing it already. Serves the prick right."
"Trippple Nippples"
"The reptiles of concern are mostly snapping turtles, but there are also Blanding’s turtles, Midland painted turtles and northern map turtles. Workers have even noticed rare stinkpot turtles."
"It is limited only by your resources!"
"Tammy Maltby is a speaker, author and media personality with a heart for helping women to live rich, authentic lives. Her multifaceted life can be summed up in one word \"encouragement\". Though the gift of hospitality she mentors women in embracing community and connection though faith and food. She empowers woman to start simply but simply start! A ten-year cohost of the two time Emmy-winning NRB TV talk show of the year Aspiring Women, Tammy has also been featured on hundreds of radio and television programs, including Focus on the Family, Family Life Today, Life Today with James and Betty Robinson, The 700 Club, Midday Connection and CBN's Living the Life. She was the ongoing emcee for the John Maxwell's international THRIVE! events. She is the mother of four grown children, two of whom are internationally adopted. Tammy makes her home in Colorado with her husband."
"The further North you go you get a fair amount of heckling. For the most part heckling is good fun, y’know. When it’s good fun and we get involved with it it’s a good part of going up North."
"In other words, God set in motion a long chain of events that took about 9 billion years just to form our planet, then another 4.5 billion years just to get to us, the people in which he wanted to place his image. If the entire history of the universe were compressed into a single year, modern humans would appear at 11:54 p.m. on Dec. 31."
"The overhead lighting casts a warm glow, giving those of us with naturally fair hair a gingery hue."
"Q. Where does the midwife work?"
"7. Crack Of Dawn"
"8) My cervix is still very-much closed."
"There is no way to measure the human trafficking problem in Hamilton. The pimps are mobile, work out of vehicles and off computers and smart phones. The girls move all over, too."
"Here's a layout I did for the \"Let's Talk About\" challenge at Digitals. The kit was a blog freebie from Diana Burton back in 2009. Look how young we were! :D"
"I said, \"No, Patty, I literally don't have a single dollar on me.\" (Which was the honest truth, I had no cash at all because I hadn't been expecting to go out.)"
"Nevertheless, I don’t quite feel that I have reached the core of the matter, still wanting to understand what constitutes, creates a maḍhab rather than just knowing what it is being defined as."
"Two whole hours of quiet in this house is like the cherry on top of a HUGE banana split! It's amazing if you get to eat it, but if it rolls off onto the dirty floor, it's not good for anyone! Complete silence during the day is very rare. During that nap time I clean, vacuum, do laundry and try my best to clean up the mess that blew-up all over the house that morning. If I'm lucky I might be able to get in the shower; then just when I'm ready to sit back in the recliner and prop up my leopard print slippers, the chair creaks and one by one they emerge. By bedtime I find myself standing in the middle of the living room, surrounded by toys and chaos, trying to remember if I had actually cleaned that afternoon or if I imagined it!"
"There are so many things by which San Francisco is recognized. We have the Golden Gate Bridge, Alcatraz, the Giants, Lombard Street, Union Square, and Fisherman’s Wharf, among countless other things that appear on postcards. What really defines this city are the people, who come from literally every walk of life and exist together like pieces of a puzzle. Each one is unique, but together they create a beautiful composition that expresses a peaceful coexistence not seen elsewhere."
"First trimester symptoms…. I was very tired during my first trimester. I never really was nautilus, but the though of certain foods occasionally made me sick; especial eggs. Also when I first had an inclination that I was pregnant, my face was burning up all the time and the breakfast pizza that was served to my students made me feel sick. My boobs also grew quickly and I had to get my dress let out in that area for Ashley’s wedding… it was then that I knew I had to be pregnant."
"This week I want to make things a little more complicated because, of course, we live in a really complicated world. Photons act as both waves and particles. 83% of the universe is something called “dark matter” that we’re not even entirely sure exists. And, of course, the world is both challenging and seductive, in need of saving and savoring both."
"Rob out!"
"You know it's bad when you are getting dressed and you start by clipping on your bra and you say the silent mantra:"
"Paul Valery"
"If Prime Minister Najib Razak had hoped to ‘wow’ the country with his record-size Bugdet 2012, then he must have been disappointed with the response. Not only were the opposition and independent financial analysts scathing about his lack of long-term planning, the deafening silence from the public gallery could not have gone unnoticed by his peers in Umno."
"-Massive central bank intervention to save too big to fail banks"
"They both stayed silent for a moment. He then looked towards her waiting for some reply but she said nothing. She opened her bag instead and took out a piece of paper and handed it out to him."
"Well, the silly season will soon be upon us - the shops are already gearing up, with crackers and cards and wrapping paper. It's only October and yet we've started the big count-down."
"-Free Hello Kitty Pouch"
"So I’ve been meaning to do this for so long, but I was waiting for inspiration to hit me. I kept picking out paint samples and swatches, but nothing felt right. I just didn’t know where I wanted to go with it."
"I never thought that shifting a house would be so tiring and difficult...We were living in a serving apartment since last one year, where everything was taken care of...Now Mohit's project has extended and we have to shift to an apartment...So I am setting up my house from scratch....It's also fun , to shop for all the things and planning , how to arrange everything....This is the reason, I could not cook or bake anything to feed my blog...."
"“Other than cutting your hair. . .What else do you plan on doing?”"
"She was everywhere and in every place. As he walked towards the coastal path he noticed how much the grains of sand reminded him of her! She had even appeared in his dreams last night!"
"Apply New Measures"
"Historical notes:"
"a wealth of ideas will sprout from the earth,"
"Expectations"
"Comments from Supreme Court justices on Wednsday are indicating that they may be ready to find in favor of upholding Arizonas immigration laws in a decision expected later this summer."
"St. Desideratus"
"This week we want to see work with a theme beginning with G! The only stipulation the challenge has is no back linking to work already posted - only new work to be linked please."
"som sommer"
"All the most sophisticated of camera and darkroom techniques have now been made available by digital software; there are even some new ones such as working with fractals."
"Q083) Tell us something surprising about the members that only CL-san knows!"
"Thank you for reading about Danielle. Thank you for praying for her family."
"Announcement of winners will be on JULY 4"
"How to explain this one to a 3 year old? I am sure Daddy put the candy in the door... I heard him rustling through the treat bags and the open and close of the tiny door last night before I drifted off to sleep."
"Nevertheless, McInerney points out that there is some potential in the world of Pinot Grigio. It may not be returning to favor anytime soon, but it once was en vogue and it just may be worth taking a second glance."
"1. I was born at Midnight."
"All available real-time from the site and will stay on your device for use when you’re off-the-grid. If someone adds a Peak or Trailhead conditions update to the site, you can get it as soon as it’s on 14ers.com."
"Here are the few notes I made on Psalm 1 for this week’s lesson. They are somewhat hurried, but I think you will find some usefulness in them. There are a few quotes from various authors and commentaries. You can also download the MSWord version at box.net: Psalm 1. Be blessed. [PS--There are a couple of random notes in the midst. They cover Revelation 1:7-8 and have little to do with the Psalm. I wrote them for a friend of mine, but you can borrow them too.] As with most of my notes, these ones are very loosely connected and mostly random. I’m sort of thinking as I go."
"First of all I want to thank everyone for all you have done in standing behind me. Although the comment that was made stung hard and hurt deeply I was remind that for the one jerk off, there are 1000 of you who are full of compassion and true caring. So thank you. I am happy to say I will be not making my blog private. How can I let the comment of one so ignorant affect the legacy my daughter has laid out? I did however make some changes to my settings. No longer can 'anonymous' people make comments, and I must approve all comments before they are published. Although I can't control who reads, I can at least control those who decide to give there unsolicited advise. I'm sure she won't be the last to make an ignorant thoughtless comment. I can only hope she read through the many comments from all of you readers and felt extremely small and insignificant. Mostly, I hope she was educated in her very self-centered and small minded vision. Not only did she offend myself, she offended my friends and family, other BLM's as well as all those working moms out there- both career and SAHM's. So again, thank you for making me realize, she doesn't deserve my anger or attention. But it sure felt good to stick up for myself!"
"That gentle insistence that kept me watching stems from its opening scene, I think, in which a body is found floating in a river. It promises ominous things, things that tends to convert Lee's quiet scenes into menacing ones. The movie isn't a thriller, though, and the emotions it seeks to elicit aren't excitement. There is no adrenalin rush here. This is mainly a character study."
"This morning I while eating my breakfast I turned on the TV"
"As gales roar around them"
"Then, night before last, I heard a trap snap. Chris said to just go to sleep..."
"The frosty wind bites my nose and cheeks"
"Alas, careful observation might point to a Jewish pathology stranger even than the MacDonald biological reductionist theory, if without the malignancy MacDonald attributes. Actually, it could be labeled as “much too much of a good thing” or, in the Oriental view of things, “yin toxicity,” or maybe “slow-motion hara kiri.”"
"i decided about a year ago (yes, a year ago)"
"but not quite like this."
"I had already tried Leigh's sausage rolls a few days after she posted the recipe as a sneak peek. I've been a big fan of the where's the beef sausage roll recipe for a long time and love how simple it is to put the filling together, the only problem is that it's not suitable for people with nut allergies. This was the first vegan sausage roll recipe I was attracted to that didn't contain nuts so I had to try it. Even though they took considerably longer to make, it was worth the effort as they tasted fantastic and entirely different to ones we are so used to."
"Earrings: Le Chateau"
"First: Cinnamon and Chilli increase your metabolism by 50% for upwards of 4hours."
"Change – the process is simple. It begins with your desire. You have to want to change… but that isn’t enough. Billions of people want to change and never will. You have to make a decision to change, commit to it, pursue it relentlessly, and follow through."
"At the age of 23, he enrolled at the University of Hawaii in Honolulu to study economics with classmates including Ann Dunham, a 17-year-old white American from Kansas. The couple had a short marriage that led to the birth in 1961 of the future president, Barack Obama II."
"3) Equality for all ethnicities and faiths in all aspects of policy, Law and Constitution. (Surah An Nisa 4:75)"
"I don't want to read anything depressing so I don't want to depress you!"
"…and if someone dropped to their knees…my gosh we’d hit nirvana. (Christian nirvana of course…don’t wanna mix up worldviews, right?)"
"This is a very tragic story, one we are not likely to forget, once known. It is not about the Anthony family. It is not about the media or press. It has been exploited abundantly, but there are plenty of people out the who know exactly what I mean – it is about a little girl who is no longer in this world because someone stole her life. A heinous crime of hideous proportions. That killer walks the same streets we do every day. Is the person that stole little Caylee’s life even the slightest remorseful? Where is the justice for Caylee?"
"5. The importance of knowledge is seen in that we “have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord …” (2 Pet. 2:20)."
"It should be said that the Central Bank’s statistics do not include overseas deposits at Irish banks, for example, Bank of Ireland has a joint venture with the Post Office in the UK which attracts more than €10bn of deposits. And the figures may include what the Dept of Finance calls “consolidation differences”. Having said that, these are the most accurate figures on deposits in Irish banks in Ireland. The Department of Finance publishes its own deposit figures each month, but seems not to have published anything in March 2012."
"In past polls, you told me that you loved series more than stand-alone books and you didn't really wait for a series to be completed to start reading it. With this love of Fantasy series in mind, a topic came to my mind and I decided to turn it into my next poll."
"And children in schools all over Haiti are learning through the Kombit program to challenge the accepted tradition of having resteveks, which is the real kernel of change."
"I've been a banker, marketing director, comedy writer, college instructor, and possibly the worst runway mode ever."
"SB: All right. I am going to ask another question, but at some point do give us more information on what the thirteenth octave represents. I know you’ve spoken about the twelve planes of human existence, but I’m not sure if the thirteenth octave represents the angelic kingdom as a whole or just another realm that we haven’t discussed above the human. But the question I want to ask you prior to that is, what does the angelic kingdom want humanity to know about itself that we don’t know?"
"J - Character gains the ability to speak Common for 2d20 days."
"Which is why so many teenage girls in the late Seventies"
"“I’m not waiting around to find out.” His face was white and deadly serious. “Trust me on this, Julien. They are coming here and when they do, it’s better for you if I’m long gone.” I believe it is very dangerous to be a Jew in Germany. And soon—"
"Cardinal Brady had the 14-year-old boy sign an oath of secrecy – a measure that the church insists was designed to protect the boy, not the church."
"Andrew and I are going to be \"Danny and Sandy\" for halloween! :)"
"When he saw them, he smiled grimly and clicked off the lamp. \"Well, this is it.\" He pulled a chain from under his shirt. On it was a tiny silver key. He pushed himself up and walked across the room like an old man, wearily and slowly, as though life has pressed him down. Sam gripped Abby's hand. It was damp, but she didn't let go."
"* root device and root filesystem configuration:"
"Johnny, Betty and baby Oregon lived on a huge chunk of land, in a house bigger than my school."
"The real culprit is - as ever in situations involving 'crazy' health & safety advice and paedo hysteria meaning school trips can't take place unless all the accompanying parents are either castrated or otherwise neutered - is the gut-wrenchingly risk-averse and litigious nature of British society, in part imported from across the pond."
"“I was not there at the time but those who were there tending to their kebun (orchard) told me they (the two forestry officers) came armed with a shotgun and one named Pius Primus warned them ‘Kalau kamu tidak lari dari kawasan ini, besok kami datang tangkap kamu’ (if you don’t leave this place, tomorrow we will arrest you),” he told FMT."
"27. “If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.” -Tony Robbins"
"I won’t ever hear you exhale as you disappear beneath my thrust,"
"7:38 am: Steve sets the GPS, so for the next two days, we'll be accompanied by Jill, the voice on the GPS... don't ask me how I know her name... that's what Steve calls her: Jill, she sounds more like a Melinda to me but I digress... Jill's estimated arrival time to Grant's Pass, OR is 1:51 pm... we'll see... our rental car is cool, a 2010 Nissan Murano which is a small SUV which is good as I've brought 25% of our wardrobes (mine, Steve and Sarah's), enough food to survive till spring, our own 12 cup coffee maker, a beach blanket, and a very large paperback book I'm sure I'll never read..."
"they thought we would roll over and let them have their way"
"More than Honorable Mentions went to Charlotte Mandel, Rachel Lim, Sarah Freligh, Jose Ocampo Reyes, Joan Mazza, Scott Wiggerman, Janann Dawkins, and Jennifer Kanke."
"Target Audience: Paranormal fans, anyone hiding bean sidhe secrets"
"Hey there everyone, it's your old pal Diary here to admit defeat. Over the past few months I haven't posted much, read many blogs or tweeted worth a shit. Things are just too crazy. So I feel that it's best to fold up camp for this particular little blog concern and think about what might be ahead in the future."
"NSA has audio files of satellite phone calls originating in Iraq during this time period and is in a position to facilitate an analysis to see if in fact the male who placed the call to the Iraqi employee was Kirk von Ackermann. It defies any and all logic that Kirk von Ackermann deliberately drove alone with a bad tire - and without a translator - on a journey of over 165 miles through Iraq, with 7 of those miles on an isolated ridge he had previously identified as the most dangerous part of the journey between Tikrit and Kirkuk."
"11. My mother taught me: WEATHER."
"The Sox and the Yanks wore replica uniforms to match the ones the teams wore 100 years ago. And when the game was over the score was 6-2."
"ok, yes, you can remind me about all of this when i start complaining about the renewal of the patriot act! but no matter what, it still nothing like living in deepestdarkestafrica!"
"They also gave me a promo code for $25 off (good until May 8) for participating in a contest, but I’m not going to use it. If anyone is interested, leave a comment and I’ll give it to you."
"Democratic leaders are concerned that with revenue projections falling short, they are going to have to make more cuts that affect unions and others who also have concerns about changes to pension benefits."
"Technology transfer and access to medicines will be facilitated. Yet it is in the field of genetic resources that CA states have obtained the most important negotiation results. Stressing, in an IPR set of rules, that patent protection must not interfere with countries' rights to protect their genetic resources under the Convention on Biological Diversity is a good point, taking into consideration that CA is biodiversity-rich (seldom do IPR treaties include rules protecting genetic resources). Linking IPR with the protection of biodiversity—as the EU-CA association agreement does—is far-sighted and will probably help prevent the misappropriation of genetic resources."
"We were wowed by the remoteness as soon as we arrived, based on lush farmland, with sheep roaming in the foreground and mountains looming in the distance. The garden was phenomenal - huge, completely fenced in with a swing a little bike and toy tractor which left the Littlest Hobo desperate to get out and play all day. There were adult bikes too and a basketball hoop, and a vegetable and herb garden and fruit trees to help ourselves from. I mustn’t forget the longest washing line ever - perfect timing given the huge bag of dirty washing we were carting around, and better yet I could satisfy my inner cavewoman watching our smalls flapping in the wind as the sheep grazed nearby."
"Next I grabbed my new Mayberry stamp set and stamped a few plums in versamark and dipped them in my mixture. Careful when heat embossing here because the kool-aid can make it a bit tricky to heat evenly and you may find it starts to bubble and even burn!"
"But you said: “You haven’t got no job”."
"In a small saucepan, heat all the dressing ingredients and bring to a boil. Immediately pour dressing over the salad vegetables and toss well."
"I spoke to two groups of classes that morning with about 200 children in each."
"The sentiment is from a set of May words that are now retired from CTMH. I finished it with a more feminine blue satin ribbon. It's much darker in real life. The photo lighting sort of bleached its appearance."
"1 tbsp. cocoa powder"
"In mid November I went to a routine checkup with my doctor. I told her that I had on occasion been experiencing chest pains that made me concerned about what was going on in my heart. She gave me an in office EKG and noticed that I had an irregular heartbeat – I believe that she called it a “bundle branch block” she said that because of my family history of heart problems she wanted me to undergo a nuclear stress test to look more closely at what was going on in my heart. I knew from my childhood that I have had an irregular heartbeat for quite some time, I mentioned this to her, so she had previous EKGs pulled the following day which confirmed that this was something that has been an ongoing issue and was not a major concern but was more of my “signature” heartbeat. I decided that what I was experiencing was probably just me feeling flutters and muscle issues from lifting heavy things, etc. but I decided to go thru with the test just to make sure – providentially our health insurance deductible being met was a deciding factor in me getting the stress test because the doctor didn’t really think that I had anything serious going on at my age."
"Even though deep down inside MR. President I knew that it made no difference WHO was in the white house, I hate you for getting me to pay attention. I was done with this shit. I had just accepted that the \"American Dream\" is some shit they sell to kids to keep them going to college and contributing to our debt-economy by being slaves to their student loan payments. I was so excited when you got elected, for once somebody I could actually see a little of myself in, made it to the White House!"
"The unknown will hit all of us. Some of our rigors are physical, some are mental or spiritual. What challenges can you anticipate? And how can you prepare yourself for the unexpected?"
"I have spent this week wondering when I would hear what happened – despite not being that old I do a great impression of an expectant grandmother! I was delighted today to hear that she did indeed have her home waterbirth and that HypnoBirthing had been a great support… and here is the little cutie himself:"
"Her new development is climbing stairs. She loves to climb up and down stairs all by herself! She mastered walking up them a few months ago and now she's on to walking down them. Every time we leave our apartment she has to walk down the stairs on her own. Holding on to the rail with one hand and my hand with the other. It's really sweet and fun to watch her learn and grow! She also loves to throw things down the stairs! Every time we go over to Brad and Emily's she throws Mya's toy vacuum cleaner down the stairs, making a huge crashing noise the whole way down. She just laughs and thinks it's the funniest thing ever! The things she thinks are the funniest are when something drops or breaks or when someone falls! Travis says she gets this from my family... I guess I can't deny that!"
"AntiVir Personal offers effective protection against computer viruses for the individual and private use on a single PC-workstation. It detects and removes viruses and includes an Internet-Update Wizard for easy updating."
"Boil the pasta as instructed on the package. I made 3/4 of a package of rigatoni and mine went for about 13 minutes. When they are done, drain but don't rinse."
"In addition to being a miserable experience for anyone who attends, the Sampler is an embarrassment to the industry. American whiskey is an important international product and its premier events are being presented by people who would be over-matched organizing a high school prom."
"“I can’t do that, I can’t just up and decide I think I am going to go for a walk,” Obama conceded. “If I could change something I’d be able to sneak around a little bit more but it causes people a lot of stress when I do that so I try not to.” First she starts in about how hard a job hubby has, then, about 50 seconds in, you get to hear the real Michelle. So much the lady."
"The next legislative break on eminent domain came in 2004, during a legislative session when the Republicans were taking over the Georgia legislature (they took over the state Senate in 2003 and the House in 2005). One new Republican State Senator, an engineer, introduced a bill to promote development. It had a new and dangerous feature: it allowed developers to make deals in which local governments would be obligated to condemn the property of third parties on the developer’s behalf."
"3.)"
"I keep succeeding to find more and more voice that speak of unity, love and harmony on this beautiful planet."
"PS: Yes, I’m listening…"
"I added some brushed nickel knobs I had left over from a craft project from years ago. New faucet in a brushed nickel with a gooseneck is being ordered soon!! The toilet paper roll holder is from Home Goods, $10. It is currently receiving mixed reviews. It is the one-sided mount style. Everyone likes that it is easy to take on and off...especially my 2 year old."
"All events at the UW Career Center HuskyJobs RSVP Requested"
"All the way so they know"
"Ina May Gaskin: To begin with, women may easily desire the impossible—that every baby can survive if we apply enough technology and expensive medication. Too many have been seduced into thinking this is true. Women have been infantilized to a great degree, another factor that hasn’t helped. We can’t count how many women fell for the line that their sex lives would be enhanced by having a cesarean instead of a vaginal birth on the grounds that the vagina through which a baby has passed has been stretched out and ruined. I just spoke this morning with an Israeli woman who had a c-section for her full gestation twins 9 years ago and still grieves about the loss of the body she once had. Her figure is beautiful—that’s not the problem. But lovemaking has been painful for her ever since the surgery, and no surgeon can tell her why or fix her. And she knows that her surgery wasn’t an emergency but more a product of her doctor’s discomfort with the possibility that her second twin might be breech."
"I am working on a ton of new signs and I hope to have them done and listed by the end of this week, and a bunch of orders I have been working on too."
"14. So Glad You're Mine"
"“Bank Street Brewhouse would like to express our best wishes to Chef Joshua Lehman, who soon will be departing NABC to pursue new adventures on the Louisville culinary circuit. His last day is Sunday, April 3. We’ve been happy to play a part in his dream of becoming an executive chef by the age of 30. Good luck, Josh!"
"Gotham, K., Pickles, A., & Lord, C. (2009). Standardizing ADOS scores for a measure of severity in autism spectrum disorders. Journal of Autism and Developmental Disorders, 39, 693-705."
"For just a few minutes of my time, that’s quite a result, if you ask me anyway!"
"Comments will be moderated that week to ensure the discussion stays honest and friendly. I don’t care where the conversation goes, as long as we treat each other like humanbeings."
"Golden Dawn Color: Yellow"
"Book Synopsis: Aspen Moore has a new life in a new city, complete with a new career. As a personal concierge, she sells her time to those who don’t have enough. One of the perks of her business is focusing on other people’s lives so she doesn’t have to face the demons in her own."
"Here are mine:"
"I have often said, on this TV show as well as on others, that as far as I am concerned, freedom takes precedence over the implementation of the shari’a. There must be no restrictions on liberties."
"Jim: \"On that we agree Bob! And this season has been particularly bloody! So much deaths and maiming!"
"*You can cut this recipe in half if you don't want to make as much."
"Amar Singh Thapa was entrusted with the task of defending the west. A regiment of six thousand British troops made a surprises attack upon five hundred Nepalese troops and captured Nalagarh and Ramgarh. Amar Singh Thapa had stationed his troops at Gadwan. The Nepalese troops took the offensive. The British troops were defeated and fled. Octorlony wrote to Hastings for reinforcements. Even with reinforcements, every attack of Octorlony was repulsed. Amar Singh Thapa showed an uncommon bravery in this battle.BATTLE OF DEUTHAL"
"Today I am proud because I did three voxes in one day, cued them and edit them and all went on air. One vox was for the breakfast show, another one was for the Vic Minet afternoon show, and the last one was for the drive time show. I was praised for each and every one of them."
"I love Jesus and Mary as mentioned in Quran."
"Commerce and trade are still important. Our nation excels at it, but the interests taking priority are financial. America’s last recession was aggravated by a frozen credit market. There is a political debate still raging over the bailouts of General Motors, Chrysler, and major commercial and investment banks. The Federal Reserve is also at the center of the debate, with the central bank’s effectiveness as an influence on the economy under fire."
"What is also amazing and somewhat unusual, is that my husband and I are in the photo together, thanks to whoever took the camera from me and snapped this pic! And that thought brought about the idea of placing a camera embellishment on my page. I found this camera clip art image in the public domain and free for personal use, cut it out with my die-cutting machine, matted it on white paper, cut again by hand and added a little heart. Fun!"
"I really started to think of what the kid was doing in the drawing, what he was feeling and why. It no longer was about how the character looked. I am currently in the process of adding more details to the drawing that will develop the story behind the drawing. This time I am not screen recording my process because I feel that when I do, I rush myself. So not screen recording this time around allows me concentrate on the drawing instead having to worry about the time.For this drawing I haven’t decided if its going to have a dark feeling to it or maybe something completely different. If i do end up going to the darker side of the drawing, I am going to have to darker the clothes I already started to paint in."
"Some people have their whole lives to get ready for motherhood. Hell, Nate tells me that when he was young and Mormon, the girls learned songs in preschool about wanting to grow up and be mommies. Me? I only had nine months to get ready. After more than 30 years of not being ready, that hardly seems enough."
"Literally up until the minute that I needed to get a coat of spray paint on (or I risked having to follow the directions and wait 24 hours before applying a new coat which didn't fit into my work schedule or the weather well) so I decided to paint it white for now."
"My daughter did…and then cried…and I was able to ask…Is ANY of this an example of what you might be feeling? SHE. WAS. SHOCKED."
"It is harder to get approved today as compared to 5 years ago, but for those that try and succeed, the reward is access to the lowest mortgage rates in a lifetime. Mortgage rates continue to push home affordability to all-time highs."
"We crossed a wooden bridge, and ended up in a very beautiful large park. Vladimir drew my attention to how strong the change in energy space is."
"Nigeria ( FAAN)."
"6. Chocolate chip cookies right out of the oven are the best!"
"knowing we should do stuff but still not doing it"
"This is a two-part activity I have done at the start of most of those maternity sub jobs. It worked so well the first time, that I have continued to do it with each one. I will caution you to use your discretion because one of my last jobs was for a teacher who had a sweet little preemie. Luckily everything worked out with her and the baby, but I skipped the first part (the measurement part) of this activity because I felt it was in poor taste. And I also did not do this activity when I took over for another long-term sub who could not complete the job since the baby was already a week old."
"although I had a co-worker of my husband tell him it was Latin... so I'm not sure... but I love the idea"
"The client will then begin to tell your team member about their business and why they need a large SUV. It also allows the team member to ask more questions about possible personal use and so on. At the end of every statement or question posed by the client, your team member need to clarify exactly what the client means by asking, “Tell me more!”"
"So while it no longer makes sense to be short bonds (as Gross has figured out the hard way), what makes sense is to be very, very long duration, since this is what the Fed will be buying in Operation Twist/Torque. Enter Exhibit A – the chart of maturity/distribution of PIMCO holdings, of which most notable is the explosion in average holding duration, which from 4.56 in July, has soared to 6.27 in August, the highest since 6.23 in October, and possibly the highest on record (that said our records only go back to 2007). As part of this expansion, Gross has seen his Mortgage Securities soar to $78.5 billion, the highest since February, when Gross was actively reducing his MBS holding profile, and now is doing the opposite, and is accumulating Agency paper hand over fist in an attempt to extend duration. Bottom line: Pimco is now balls to the wall in the QE3 camp, first to be manifested by Operation Twist, and then, likely by outright Large Scale Asset Purchases. Look for numerous other copycat investors to expand the duration of their fixed income holdings from 4-5 to over 6."
"Scott Ritter sees parallels to the invasion of Iraq: \"We have told the Iranians it is their responsibility to prove to the international community beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is no nuclear weapons program in Iran. How can you prove a negative?\""
"Twice as many followers of Aelfric as there are characters emerge from the gate to do battle. They have their armor on, which is an advantage they have over the PCs, but the PCs are presumably mounted and the bandits have no time to arrange a Scudburh so long as the players attack them quickly. The runes on the hands and tongue of the heir do not activate unless things are going poorly for him. After half of these bandits die, they retreat back inside."
"KueKue"
"Is this familiar to anyone else?"
"be a minimum of 5 years between them"
"As a pioneer and leader in the iGaming industry, specialising in affiliate programme technology and management since 2002, Income Access is committed to providing affiliates and operators with business intelligent solutions that are responsive to their evolving needs. With relationships at the heart of its philosophy, Income Access provides personalised affiliate management support, cutting-edge affiliate software and operates a diverse gaming network with over 22,000 affiliates across all gaming verticals. Its commitment to information, innovation, and customisation has allowed Income Access to partner with over 150 operators across all gaming verticals."
"A little family of mallards in the pond at our apartment complex."
"I think that everything on the menu was priced fairly. The puffs, are priced at P45 and P55, depending on flavor. They also sell boxes of their mini-puffs but their headboard menu didn’t include the price. If I’m not mistaken, it was 179 for 15 mini-puffs. I didn’t expect it, but they also served pizza for the same price as the cream puffs, P45 – P55. We asked which one’s the best seller and they recommended NY Cheesecake which was a premium flavor so it’s P55. Together with the best seller, we ordered the Chewy Original, a deluxe flavor for P45, Twisted Pepperoni pizza for P45, Meaty of the Minds for P55, Just Lemon Iced Tea for P45, and Wicked Watermelon P55."
"My current upcoming release isn’t a Young Adult book. It’s Book 4 in my Asian Pretty Boy series, entitled, “I Just Can’t Stop Loving You.” Sorry, it’s adults only. Book 5 has also been written, but I’m editing it at the moment."
"I admit to preferring the pounce, personally. I’m one of these laser-focused people who’s always doing something and hates being interrupted, whether cooking or reading or writing. Sex, romance, smooching — it all takes uninterrupted, undistracted time. And undivided attention."
"And because Waste Land a film about all of this and more, it is a great film indeed. What begins as an interesting experiment, turning garbage into art, becomes a sociological study of the transformative power of art on people, and of people on the art and the artist. Waste Land shows us how people can be bound together through work and art, not only to each other, but also to their larger socio-political and historical legacy. It is a film about the ways humanity and beauty can be found, thrive even, in the most challenging and unlikely places, when people have the resolve, and the love, to make it so. Most importantly perhaps, is the fact that Waste Land is a real treasure, the sort of heartwarming and life affirming study of people, lacking in both sentimentality and cynicism, that uplifts the audience and elevates the art form."
"“How can you bash any one who believes in God as shown above with B, and then say they are closed minded?” I can bash them, because they are stupid and ignorant people that believe in nonsensical things to which exists no evidence for. They are close-minded. I’m sorry though that I’m not as open-minded as you. You are open-minded, L. You are open-minded about a god, evolution, etc. You are so open-minded that your brain has fallen out."
"1-8 oz sour cream or plain yogurt"
"Grid"
"If you have done no wrong"
"Emi is a writer, and a good one at that. She's been doing writing \"role-playing\", where two authors collaborate online to create a story, scene by scene, since she was something like 10 years old, and thus has written hundreds of thousands of words of fiction. That's her main form of writing, but she also occasionally writes non-fiction in the form of really good responses in online debates and discussions, has recently developed a love of poetry, especially haiku, and has turned out a couple of haiku that I really like, though she's more critical of them (unsurprisingly). She also tackled NaNoWriMo this year, and finished victorious on November 29th (one day before the deadline!) with 50,014 words."
"01-Announcement"
"Redemption wrought by Jesus."
"I loved having time to work on projects around the house and I loved being able to spend a day curled up under a doona cuddling my tiny baby and watching trashy TV when that was all I felt capable of."
"This could create a huge opportunity for home monitoring or at the pharmacy monitoring. Many of the medications proposed by the FDA for BTC status have been proven to be safe through several years of post-marketing surveillance. Pharmacists are trained with knowledge to triage many health conditions and with the appropriate information can propose the appropriate treatment for many chronic health conditions. This would be a monumental shift in our health care system and redefine the roles of several health care professionals. Pharmacists would continue their progression from being only a dispenser of medications to a health care professional engaged in medication therapy management. A seemingly endless number of studies have proven the value of pharmacists in lower health care costs and improving outcomes."
"Your sister sees the future"
"Many atheistic doctors and professors spend a good quantity of their lives trying to disprove Christianity. (On the flip side, many people spend a good quantity of their lives proving and analyzing the Bible.) Also, people of other religions might try to disprove the fact that God exists by asking for a physical manifestation. (Right now at least, public school teachers aren’t allowed to initiate a conversation about religion, only continue one if it ensues, so it shouldn’t be much of a problem) The problem with this approach is that God doesn’t work that way (At least in my opinion he doesn’t), because it would be too easy to get into Heaven if we saw God and then believed. (Not that God does’t want everyone to go to Heaven, there are many Bible verses that say he does, but he wants us to believe first.) Sometimes in these requests God does show himself, as was the case in Elijah’s time. Elijah was asked to prove that God existed. Several prophets of Baal called upon Baal to give fire and burn a sacrifice on an altar. Surprisingly (at least in the priests’ case, not surprising to Elijah), nothing happened. Elijah asked God to send down fire to burn up the offering. A fireball came down and consumed all of the meat on the altar. Shows you how powerful God is and that He will answer you when you call, but only if you believe beyond a shadow of a doubt that he will - If you have faith as small as a mustard seed, you can say to this mulberry tree, ‘Be uprooted and planted in the sea,’ and it will obey you. Luke 17:6 NIV."
"Fortunately, I've really enjoyed the non-fiction books I've read recently. I have a big list in general, but I'm also looking forward to Spring Break at home with no schedule, no agenda, and with Amanda off on a mission trip, Kyle and I will truly just be able to chill, so I'm hoping for vacation-level reading!"
"braided elastic belt - $6"
"The lasting power for the three fragrances are good. I have found I Love New York For Her to be too fleeting on me. It lasted splendidly on my co-worker Gela. This made me jealous. I Love New York For Him was a smash with drydown and silage. The bully co-worker got compliments from men and from women. I Love New York For All has a very powerful drydown. You will smell chestnut and coffee all day."
"(I should add. . . I did my own thing when it came to interior pockets. While the tutorial is sufficient, I tend to prefer more and different types of pockets. So if you are using this tutorial and wondering where the clips and such are. . . well, that was just something I added in on my own)"
"Wipe the leaves if they’re dusty to keep them clean and able to breathe. Another purpose of regular grooming is to keep an eye open for pests and diseases."
"When Bowser’s Abysmal is still in the advancing area, arch over to one of the aback propellers. It is just hardly aloft the water. While underwater, jump up beneath it afresh bound Arena Pound. Your appearance will abatement fast through the baptize and acreage at the bottom. You can now airing underwater, so you can calmly grab several of the Stars that lie there. This abandoned works while Bowser’s Abysmal is there."
"Hope you’ve all enjoyed our little visit to Galveston. Some of the pictures have some hazy spots on the right hand side. It is not a ghost. I think there was a bit of salt on the lens from the dolphin tour. :)"
"A prisoner sentenced to thirty years because of his part in a terrorist plot to use his position with British Airways to help him blow up an airliner in flight has complained that he is not being allowed to use the Skype system to make overseas calls from prison. The sad thing is that the authorities are listening to him and his complaint has been referred to some official body. He should have been laughed at and his complaint filed in the dustbin where it belonged."
"\"Collateral Damage\". Such a sad, unkind, non-feeling term that trivializes the lives of one, tens, hundreds, or thousands of people. Donald Rumsfeld felt comfortable coining the civilian lives lost during this Iraqi conflict in the name of spreading \"freedom\" and \"democracy\" collateral damage. Research has revealed that during all conflicts between WWII and today, 90% of the casualties have been civilians, in addition to the countless injured that will never be recorded, and lost to the inattentiveness of history. If these civilians are collateral damage, then what is the real goal of this conflict? The phony assertion regarding WMD's that it turns out were nowhere to be found - and were never there - could no longer hold water. So George W Bush decided to reinvent his focus as being on the outing of the despotic regime of Saddam Hussein, and all of the death, poverty, and inhumanity he was raining on his people. While it's true that Saddam Hussein's ruling style was a far cry from the Noblesse Oblige of France in the 19th century, it turns out the war from democracy in Iraq is against the people instead of on their behalf. It's a sad state of affairs when a population that supposedly \"welcomed us as liberators\", and was to be a bastion of democracy in the \"evil\" Muslim Middle East, must pay for the sins of their ousted leader with the lives of 650,000. On a side note, it is interesting to recognize the correlations between present-day United States and Germany under the Third Reich. Both regimes use fear as their motivational tool to create nationalism and revolutionary apathy. Also borne of this fear is the retraction of individual rights and freedoms in the name of necessity and national security. Another characterization of Nazi Germany that the United States espouses is the idea that we are \"right\" and that those against us are \"wrong\"; and we will triumph in the end because of this fact. Much of the world - especially the Islamic world - views the present-day United States in much the same way as the world views Nazi Germany; imperialistic, nationalistic, close-minded, and hungry to expand their empire in an attempt at global domination. Although the means are quite different - the United States using clandestine methods while Germany used genocide and open conquest - the ends are eerily similar."
"So, my faithful blog readers, I hope you feel like you know me a tad better now. Maybe one day I’ll share about how my good friend Stephen once set me on fire wrapped in a blanket soaked in gasoline and oil…But then again, that’s not really part of the life or views of a Latter-day Saints in the 21st Century, but it does make for a good laugh…Until then though, I hope you’ll keep reading and sharing my posts with others. After all, that’s what they’re here for."
"I enjoyed reading this post from Radio Free School's blog. Great things to think about regarding unschooling as the new \"school year\" starts off. Also, if you aren't ready to take the plunge into unschooling completely, there are ideas for incorporating unschooling into your life."
"“Then why you still wanna die after made it? Your life is better, right?”"
"My overall goal, back then, was to become a journalist. I applied to four university’s and got accepted to Ryerson Polytechnical (now Ryerson University) for a two-year journalism program after I finished my first degree which was a BA (I always make the sound of a goat here because really it’s a useless degree unless you’re going after more education, which I did). I had role models and I wanted to be just like ? from CBC, but alas CBC was into deep cuts when I finished my degree so I quickly had to adjust my thinking. I went into public relations. Don’t groan. I actually loved it. My first job was as editor of Saint Mary’s University’s faculty paper. This was my first exposure to talking to professors and fishing out stories that I could write which made sense to everyone. It was challenging but"
"Albany Times Union"
"-$55 gift card: $33"
"Another birthday has come and gone and this one was a very special one for me, a milestone birthday. Being the lucky girl that I am, my thoughtful hubby planned an extra special weekend away to celebrate together. My actual birthday night was a quiet night at home with my hubby and a bottle of our favourite champagne, the rose, for an extra special touch to celebrate my birthday."
"Following directions..."
"Sweet Sixteen"
"5) Spoon batter into prepared loaf pan. Smooth out top and rap pan on counter to settle batter. Bake until cake is golden-brown and a wooden pick inserted into the center comes out clean, about an hour."
"I’m forever in your debt! I’ve been trying to get rid of this junk for ages – thanks for posting it on your website! Remember, prices may be negotiable, but all sales are final."
"It was great, but don’t want to give it a five for a couple of reasons. I could have used a little more heat in the total recipe and because I don’t want to start off by giving a five and set a certain standard when future featured recipes might be better."
"There’s a problem with the comments though. There’s always something to fix every time I change to a new layout. Any wonder why I do it so little."
"Then she went on to discuss IN GREAT DETAIL how President Kirchner is a crazy bitch. (Again, not news. Google her image, she's got crazy written all over her.) I reply with saying that I thought the prerequisite to being a President in that country is to be insane. Even though I'm agreeing with a point SHE made, it is not well received and I'm an asshole all of the sudden. (I just can't win. That's what I get for trying to participate in the discussion, I may as well shut up.) I look at my watch and realize that I'm still waiting for important family information to make itself known…. not holding my breath at this point. I've been duped. Well played, Mom."
"Pantages plays us four-a-day, besides the supper show."
"Remember how, last month, I went to an Empty Spools Seminar at Asilomar? In choosing fabrics to bring, I ran across a little roll of batik strips wrapped around what looked like more strips. So I threw it in my fabric box."
"Protein pancakes!! I had this protein pancake craving because all these recipes for them in the blogisphere. so i tried a veganized version of Heather eats almond butter's and they were awesome. I also got some 100 percent dark chocolate from the store, melted it with lakanto in my dehydrator, and spread some on top. it was so good!"
"I thank GOD for giving me this child (I had a miracle survivor story for this baby) and she is a healthy always baby.."
"Et dit au pauvre : ami, viens jeûner avec moi."
"Mingora, Swat’s principal town, has been the scene of intense street battles between the Pakistani military and Taliban insurgents, according to media reports."
"Scrappy Scrappy Little Star - I think it has a very sweet look to it, and next time I have to make a baby quilt I think I'll do a smaller version of this."
"If I never had a cent"
"Thanks for all the support. Please stay tuned for the giveaway and continue the love you give me and my blog x"
"This week's pickings:"
"Isn’t ’don’t have kids that you can’t pay for’ what conservatives always preach to poor people (while simultaneously supporting restrictions on the availability of contraceptives)?"
"One more thing, my other daughter won a $100 giveaway on a coupon blog on Thursday. I should have bought some lottery tickets that day!"
"Place the basil and garlic in the work bowl of a food processor. Process, scraping down the sides of the bowl as needed, until finely chopped. Add flour and salt; pulse to combine."
"red mouth sighing wider"
"Secondly let me go on record to apologize for the lack of pics and the ones I do have aren't that great. But without further ado, here we go."
"Time is an unruly, unrelenting force you can’t beat. Time is all things, fast, medium slow, whatever it wants to be and we abide by it. I don’t need to go into great detail about every moment and every significant reason as to why time works the way it does, we just frigging know it kicks our ass.. We wait for time, time doesn’t wait for us. We try to hurry up time with our newest and latest technology break throughs. “Get the fastest way to do everything all day and all the time, be the first to know 20 seconds before someone else does!!”"
"Solemnization Date: 5 May 2012"
"At the end of that year, Chad stopped me in the hall one day and told me how much he enjoyed being in my class. When I looked at him rather skeptically, he insisted that he was serious. Such a step is highly unusual for high school students, and the fact that he made the effort in all apparent sincerity caused me to believe him."
"Post Script Note: The big fictional exception to my point in the last paragraph is Steven Amsterdam's Things We didn't See Coming. In the first chapter, almost a prequel, the main protagonist is hiding out in the rural areas Australia waiting for the Y2K collapse: many years before it occurs in the novel."
"will give us clothes."
"I'm even thinking of selling it EXTRA cheap for a few days in honor"
"The first is that while many of these poems celebrate the beauty and majesty of the heavens, and some even embrace the wonder of scientific discovery, quite a few are quite anti-scientific. Two examples spring to mind (both of them paradoxically by favourite poets of mine!). This excerpt from The Song of the Happy Shepherd, a very early poem by WB Yeats is a good example"
"However, that does not mean the NL missed out on all the big-time free agents as the Marlins inked both Jose Reyes and the aforementioned Mark Buehrle."
"Night of the Walking Wet"
"In the end I did 18 miles at an average pace around 10:15. I had hoped for under 10 minutes but also wanted to keep to an easy, sustainable pace. My average was really messed up by my first mile which was over 12 minutes. I am still puzzled by this. Typically my most sluggish, leaden first mile under poor conditions is not too much over 11 minutes. I don't know when I've last run a 12 minute mile (except on trails) without snow and ice on the ground. And on this day the conditions were great and my legs felt fine...more like a 10:30 warm-up pace. Mile 2 was in fact 10:30, and the rest were around 10 minutes, give or take. So that first mile really messed up the average. I don't know if it was the Garmin, or me."
"Oh yeah, do I need an agent? I strongly suggest that you find an agent. Agents are invaluable assets to authors. They can get your proposal in front of the right people and they’re your first critics and constant allies and advocates. They know the publishing business and will help you navigate it. I could go on. That said, it’s true that not as many agents look out for illustrated proposals. The number of agents serving the illustrated gift book industry is just lower than fiction and commercial nonfiction, so finding one to rep you may be more difficult. But don’t fear. You don’t need an agent to get an illustrated publishing deal. Will it help? You betcha. But if your concept and platform is strong, most editors will still look at your proposal, even if you’re not represented."
"The idea of PostLoop.com is to provide forum owners with quality content. Both simple posters and forum owners can join and post on various forums. For such activities members earn points, which could be used for getting post exchange or withdrawing points to cash."
"How's he gonna fit THAT into his checked luggage, let alone through customs?"
"The Pediatricians said, \"Oh, grow up!\""
"Here's a closer view of the lovely mermaid, with her long and overflowing hair, as she rests on a slice of moon that's she has lovingly decorated with hanging hearts."
"** yes i really did make that up."
"This seriously only took me about 1hr from start to finish so I think I will be making tons more of these. Just got to see how well they hold up to washing dishes in my house where every single pot gets used for every single meal haha. Hopefully they last well but if not I might just make a new one each week :P"
"and like the caring person that I am .. I always"
"How far off the peak are we? The national peak according to ESRI was in January/February 2007 when the index for both months stood at 139.5. Today’s figure of 85.2 for December 2010 indicates that prices have dropped by 38.9% from the peak. In Dublin, prices are 44.9% off the peak while Outside Dublin prices are 34.9% off the peak."
"The Beaver Boardwalk is a wooden pathway about a mile long that winds through wetlands and past a living, fully functioning beaver pond complete with lodge. It was a very pleasant walk, and the dogs enjoyed all the smells and sounds."
"Galileo had discovered the four largest moons of Jupiter, named after him as the Galilean satellites. He saw correctly that these moons orbited Jupiter as Copernicus has guessed that the planets orbited the sun. He then turned his telescope to the Moon:"
"Schrader SM. What is Fertility and How can it be Measured Directly and Indirectly. NIVA Course \"The Effect of Chemical, Physical, and Biological Workplace Factors on Male and Female Fertility. Copenhagen, Denmark. May 26-31, 1991."
"The first stinging blow from the crop made her jump and gasp. “Squeal, pig.” He said loudly as he covered her shoulders, back, ass and thighs with swat after swat. Her high pitched squeals were rich in surprise and pain. He kept swinging as she crawled around and around him until she was panting and grunting and snorting between squeals. She fell to the floor twisting and turning under his blows. The crop lands mercilessly wherever skin is exposed, breasts, stomach legs and hips, back and thighs, feet and ass as she rolled and thrashed on the floor."
"I noticed the road sign at the entrance: “Sheikh Gilani Lane,” just as described in the South Asia Terrorism Portal article."
"My One Little Word for this year is really a HUGE word for me. I am not a goal setter. I don't ever feel like I reach things I wish to reach. I rarely feel that sense of accomplishment that comes with seeing something through to the end that is meaningful to you."
"Lost an hour of sleep and I think we all felt that loss keenly. Especially those who spent much of last night with 10 other people, stuffed into one of the tiny bedrooms, accompanied by a bottle of whisky and another of vodka. (I wasn't one of those people BTW but they could be identified this morning by the green hue of their gills and the capacious bags under their eyes.)"
"An old Taoist parable goes like this: A carpenter said to his apprentice: “Do you know why this tree is so big and so old?” The apprentice said, “No . . Why?” The carpenter answered, “Because it is useless. If it had been useful it would have been cut down,sawed up and used for beds and tables and chairs. But because it is useless, it has been allowed to grow. That is why it so great and you can rest in its shadow.” I think about this parable as I sit and stare out the window at an old tree that has survived high winds and storms. That tree seems useless, but it provides branches where birds serenade us with their songs, and its presence helps this old man sit and stare. There are times when however much we would like to be busily engaged doing something, the condition of our bodies or our minds just will not permit us to do any of the things about which we feel we would like to be busy. I am still fairly busy in my slowed down life style, but there are days when all I can do is to just sit, and stare at my tree. What’s wrong with that? There is value in doing nothing. As the poet expressed it,”What is this life, if full of care, we have no time to stand and stare. No time to sit beneath a tree and stare as long as sheep and cows. Poor life this, if full of care, we have no time to stand and stare.”"
"I'd have loved a slightly wider shot showing more of the surrounding building but the street was so narrow that this is the best I could do. It's full of character though, which is what drew me to it in the first place."
"I read from probably 100 authors, so if pressed from those… I’d have to say I wasn’t inspired by Chouhei Kambayashi-san at all. Probably the ones who inspired me most would be Tetsuya Satou-san and Ken Asamatsu-san. They were great inspirations for me. I also read a lot of Chihiro Arai-san’s works. And I can’t forget Hajime Komine-san too. I could go on about all 100 if I had the time, but these five come to mind first. I’ve been influenced by many people that I’ve come in contact with, but these I would say have most influenced my work. Just as long as we don’t say I’ve plagiarized from them, of course. (laughs)"
"built because of your love .."
"Carolyn Hockley- Arazi Crossing"
"These are the same people who call a delivery van a \"logistics solution.\""
"Bob said that he'd received a call from an RTA inspector who was in a motel at Coffs Harbour. Bob was not prepared to release the RTA officers name and number, but he has handed the details on State National party member for Barwon Kevin Humphries who is following the matter up with the minister."
"President Lyndon Johnson signed Medicare signed (sic) into law in 1965—providing millions of elderly healthcare stability. President Obama’s historic health care reform law, the Affordable Care Act, strengthens Medicare, offers eligible seniors a range of preventive services with no cost-sharing, and provides discounts on drugs when in the coverage gap known as the “donut hole.”"
"Eclipsing his sun’s disk."
"Olive oil, salt & pepper"
"Rubber Stamps : Webster's Pages and Micia Crafts"
"Through all kinds of weather, through everything we done,"
"Like anything else in shooting, and especially defensive shooting, forethought and training make all the difference in the world. If it's professional training by people who know what they are doing, that's great! For the other 98% of us who can't buy ourselves that little present... we'll just have to do it on our own. Sure, such self training may not be the bleeding edge of knife.... but it's still light years ahead of no training at all."
"For my friends and readers who have been gently (and sometimes not so) prodding me to update and post again, you will be seeing me here more often. I can't always promise a fabulous recipe and I definitely can't promise fabulous mouthwatering pictures, but I can promise that I'll write about things, food, and experiences where I find joy."
"\"It's a miracle!\" hubby said to the mechanic without receiving a reply."
"When we engage in sexuality, it is a time for heightened consciousness, not the release of such. When we let go of our spiritual attention and engage in sexuality, we amplify our already present tendency to want. Whenever there is wanting, there is interference. When we want through sex, we become downloading stations for interference and amplify our own state of disconnection. Though a momentary feeling of bliss through orgasm feels great, most of us have no idea what really went on in the unseen while we temporarily reached such heights."
"-I pray He will allow us the finances to build our \"big\" house so that bedrooms won't be an issue at all when the time comes."
"are you needing last minute ideas on what to get your mom or mother-in-law? here are a few gift items for sure they will love to receive (i know i do) :"
"4. Don't start a collection for the child before the child has a desire to collect. It can get out of hand quickly. Also, the very young child doesn't appreciate 10 dolls anymore than 1 doll. Same with dvds. Kids like repetition so, take advantage and just get a few dvds until they start to notice and want them. Then, you can add dvds at the holidays slowly, so they can appreciate them more."
"I have traced: yes, the Light passing through the head, continued to flow out the top. It felt new and unusual. I watched the happenings."
"The truth is, the current ANC government is in power fuelled largely by the legacy of Apartheid, and they continue to use this as an election platform. In fact, because of Apartheid, the current regime has an endless list of blame, ready to be allocated for its each and every failure, and for the ANC, Apartheid is the gift that keeps on giving."
"Well, this “friend” is just weird….on top of being just plain manipulative. There are so many specifics that I want to go into because you will laugh and cringe simultaneously. Like America’s Funniest Home Videos. But better. But I fear the wrath. It’s the ones that are patient enough to hit you hard over the long haul that you have to watch out for…it’s always the patient ones. Maybe once I have the Atlantic Ocean between us I will have the gall to go into more detail then…"
"Writing letters to the press, manning stands at county fairs, hosting fund-raising dinners, attending rallies, setting up conferences, writing your Congressman -- that is what you know, and what you are comfortable with. Those are the political methods you've created for yourselves to keep your country on track and to ensure political accountability."
"The Rank of the respective Flag Officers to be distinguished as follows, viz;"
"And then it was gone...."
"Haley, as much as I desire her to be eliminated, has been coming on strong lately. James got lots of face time and Jacob was in the dreaded lead-off spot last night, which is never good."
"The other reasons were basically the songs, our ability to play them, our attitude and “especially your singer”."
"“You don’t want any of Mimi’s chocolate cake, do you?” The answer is always a roll of the eyes and a definite nod. There’s always room for dessert."
"Chew on this: Hubbard’s albums of the last 10 years are even more consistently brilliant than Tom Waits’ output since the turn of the century."
"Will the licensed product have a broad or narrow market ?"
"M-girl started whining to express her annoyance at having to write those four extra letters. This began to bother D-boy who had been busily working with his math box. He approached M-girl (who was still in mid-whine) and told her, \"You are starting to make me angry, so you'd better stop!\""
"The Challenges I am entering my creation into are the following:-"
"3. A few poinsettia flowers and pinecone sticks were added."
"smiling through sugar-coated lies"
"In addition to reading, relaxing, washer throwing, and bocce ball chasing, our wonderful hostess set up a whole slew of fun games for everyone on the 4th. I loved that she pulled out all of these old school games (egg race, egg toss, balloon toss, sack race), and I was amazed at how much fun everyone had. I told J that I will forever remember this and will be using this when we have parties in the future."
"FANTASTIC ...THAT TOO NO BAKE....."
"big"
"And a big thank you to everyone who came to the shop to meet Frank at Mostly Books afterwards. Particularly to Jo and Rosie Caulkin who travelled from Birmingham to meet him."
"\"The cartoon was a bit silly, but it didn't represent what was in the article. It was well-balanced and posed a number of difficult questions the SNP have failed to answer.\""
"Mom: Yes, they're huge...they're going to rip your shirt!"
"1. You could write about a typical evening at home: on the surface, this is not particularly exciting and can be accomplished in one sentence: “Got home, at dinner, did homework, went to bed.” Ideally, your essay should provoke a response. In this light, you can allude to various rituals which occur each night in the family home, including animal sacrifice, devil worship and over-consumption of caffienated soft drink. In truth, the latter practice is likely to draw a more vigorous reponse from authorities."
"Prabhupada: These sahajiyas will come out of so many devotees. What can be done? From my Guru Maharaja’s disciples, so many sahajiyas came. These are called sahajiyas. Very easily they capture thing. So my Guru Maharaja used to say, “When my disciples will be sahajiya, it will be more dangerous.” He used to say like that. Take things very easily. You know that Purushottama, supposed to be my Godbrother?”"
"Admittedly, it's kind of freaky, knowing you can't get groceries, medicines, daily necessities, or WINE (except 711 type stuff) for such a long time. We have buggered off out of Norway every year because of it. Too...claustrophobic, all those days of silence. This year was to be no exception. All sorts of ideas were kicked around, including going to Tunisia or to Jordan to see Petra (still very high on the list.)"
"That’s a partial solution at best. In the future, smart retailers will be more transparent about their data-gathering efforts and use the results more appropriately. They’ll give customers more options for controlling how much they share and how that information gets applied. Regardless of who gathered it, customers still see it as their data. They expect to be treated like the owners."
"C = I"
"the knee splashing,"
"Paul felt the same way on the road to Damascus. Fortunately, for him, he met the Lord at that time. If he had not met Him then, he certainly would have met Him at the Great White Throne judgment as Judge and then, be condemned to the lake of fire."
"Money shouldn't always have to dictate form. One can use the same amount of money that as built modern 19c/20c uniformity be it back to backs or new towers , create with a little thoughtfulness and a bit of originality, one can make something culturally meaningful and beautiful"
"Decline Push-Ups 16 knees on chair 20 full"
"We boys, unwound; sitting south, with boredom"
"1 hit"
"In recent years close ties have been established between the two countries, prompting Canon Patrick to visit Armenia for the first time in 2005. He immediately fell in love with the eastern European country and kept going back, becoming increasingly aware of the parallels and contrasts between Armenia and Wales."
"systems are smaller, lighter, and (generally) more powerful than a"
"- Edmund Burke"
"With not an inch to spare!"
"Bus 31 all the way to east coast park!!"
"Receptionist: Sure!"
"To start off the week, I met an acquaintance outside Starbucks and she was wearing PURPLE – well it was more like lilac and so I snapped her. I have cropped this photo to show the ripples of the fabric and to bring out the delicate diagonal pattern."
"Step 3: The government spends the dollars in order to obtain real assets and investments."
"The point of this is not where I stand, or what side is right or wrong. The point of this post is that, had someone called me names, harassed me, or \"forced\" their beliefs on these matters on me, it would not have swayed me to their side. In fact, it would have made me stronger in my belief that what I was doing is right...and in all honesty, may have detoured me from all aspects of AP parenting."
"And I wonder how many preppers lose sight of the big picture: It’s not how much food or water or ammo or anything else you have that’s important. What matters is how long you and your family will be self-sufficient and not dependent upon the government or other cash- or resource-strapped entities when disaster strikes. Unless a disaster strikes my neighborhood in a manner that directly impacts my house or my family’s lives, I don’t plan to leave my house in search of resources in the event of a disaster. I will either make sure I have as close to everything I need before disaster strikes, or I and my family will find a substitute or do without. If you’re not working on becoming self-sufficient, you’re missing the whole reason you should be prepping. Not only do self-sufficient people ease the strain on scarce or nonexistent resources, but they are in a position to help others during those stuff-hits-the-fan events. It doesn’t take a lot of time or effort to stock up compared to the amount of time wasted in line waiting for help when you could be at home with your loved ones taking care of each other, or helping others. If you plan to wait on stocking up or otherwise becoming self-sufficient because everything looks fine right now, you could be the next disaster waiting to happen."
"Pom is currently offering a coupon to receive $1 off these yummy Pom Poms. Get your coupons by clicking this link:"
"I thought, well, what if you had a situation where you could create a business instead of a charity? Where for every pair of shoes you sold you gave one away. That way, you had something you could continue and sustain. I was really into this idea of sustainability … that way when the kids’ feet grew or the shoe wore out, it would become our way to continue to give them new ones, as well as allow our customers to continue to participate in the movement. So instead of a charity, I started a business encompassing a one-for- one model where you buy a pair and we give a pair. Very simple. Totally transparent."
"In contrast, Daily Lives of High School Boys, presents a few different perspectives to Literary Girl, the first being the reaction of the high school boy who tries to impress her. This is especially evident in his romanticized response; instead of blowing her off or ignoring her, like one would expect, he wholeheartedly throws himself into her game in order to get her reaction. By attempting to meet her romantic expectations he is also able to momentarily escape his own reality. The comedic part comes in when a third party enters the equation with a more rational or realistic mindset (in the scene above, it’s another character yelling about potato chips being on sale at a convenience store)."
"It would have been the first time in ages since I’d last shed tears. Maybe it’s been to long? I can’t really remember the last time. Maybe it was some Sunday near the end of last winter? Perhaps it was within the bright lights and love of a family tinsel of last Christmas?"
"Hi! My name is Yara Freytes, and I am very excited to be designing for The (Paper) Trail Makers. I live in Puerto Rico with my husband and our two boys, Luis (6 years old) and Diego (5 years old). I have a BS in Chemical Engineering, but currently I am a happy Stay at Home Mom. I started scrapping on 2003, when I had been on bed rest from the pregnancy of my first child, and I had not been able to stop. I love it! Love to document my family stories and travels."
"- She is about 34 lbs which is in the 95th percentile. I can't remember what her height was but I know it was in the 75th percentile. The doctor told me I am supposed to really crack down on her diet because her BMI is a little too high and we have a family history of diabetes. I almost cried right there in the doctor's office. She is really active and I was always so happy that she was such a good eater. I was shocked to have the doctor tell me that, because up until now her doctors always acted like if was a good thing that she was packing on the pounds. So we are trying to be really careful about not having too many snacks during the day."
"Beistegui re-landscaped the grounds and created gardens inspired by the Anglo-Chinese gardens of the 18th century and by the 18th century Cooper tents at Hagaparken in Sweden. It is here that he strategically placed his follies: a Chinese pagoda, a labyrinth, a theater of verdure, a Tartar tent and an observation tower."
"(The short video below is worth watching.)"
"“Maybe they got too frustrated. They were too anxious to score a goal,” Rodriguez said of his team. “We had plenty of time to score, (but) they were playing too rushed."
"OK I have to go home and make sure he’s safe and sound right now!"
"striped shirt: Forever 21"
"I never got a call. When I came back to the school this is what she was doing."
"This time that has passed has felt the essence of your presence…"
"Row 6- ch1, turn, sc in each sc."
"I’ve been painting pictures of Egypt"
"Steven Finn, for instance, is quoted as saying -"
"So we head into 2010 with history's two fastest hurdlers looking to return to their best form. In an off year with nothing on the line but egos, and a new Diamond League offering plenty of potential showcase opportunities!"
"Debby Ryan ... Abbey Louise Jensen"
"The road flows over the bridge,"
"MEMOIR OF AN APARTHEID COP"
"Eryana writes:"
"As many of you know, I love succulents, and the Philadelphia Flower Show is certainly a heaven for succulent lovers. I hardly know where to start trying to show you some of them. And... how many days of them do you want to see? After all, most of you may not find them nearly as fascinating as I do."
"Did Bo outgrow"
"There is a flash–a blinding light! I see a grand hall, if the stale, earthy word “grand” can even begin to describe the spectacular, mind-boggling grandiosity of its design. A host of towering celestial beings fill the room. They stand at attention, their muscular faces glowing with wisdom and valour, their broad shoulders tall, chests and arms tensed and ready for warfare. They wait. Wait in expectation, gazing intently at their Master’s face. The Master, the King of this realm, is not looking on His subjects. His face is turned to the earth below. He is watching. Waiting. Listening……"
"Jesus, this blog did not go where I had intended it to expand. But it felt good to release. It is a means to an end that was necessary for my troubled thoughts. Merrp. Oh, and I am reading 50 Shades of Grey which is extremely provocative and is seriously inspiring some sexy poetry soon. Ciao ciao."
"and loathing"
"At Badeagle.com, David Yeagley discusses the Breivik trial, and some thought-provoking comments follow. This is one of the more stimulating discussions on the subject I've come across, although there are a few knee-jerk kinds of comments."
"The author of the April 29 posts--whoever s/he is--doesn't seem to have realized that if you create more than one blog under a single identity, you'll show up as the author of all of them. In this case, the identity is Author Extraordinaire, whose profile reveals yet a third blog: Washington Resume Service. Which, though discouragingly short on content, may shed light on how Ms. Rooney is actually making her living."
"GD: I think I am a man with ‘7 changes’ because each time when you see me, you will find something different."
"Imagine that the Wazznians have been eyeing the possibility of invading"
"The blood of the dear Redeemer is to be continually invoked for the cleansing of the slightest defilement of conscience, that thus the wedding garment of our Lord’s imputed righteousness may not become stained, but that the slightest spot being removed, we may have it “without spot or wrinkle or any such thing.”"
"So things are different here in the manor house on the hill, but I’ll tell you one thing. We have one very excited dog. George loves our son, Shaun. And Miss Blackie is quite content, too. She gets to sleep in her favorite room in the house, a room that my son told me today that he believes may be haunted. But that he likes it anyway."
"I went for the wild mushroom risotto (my beef craving had subsided by then) while Kris stayed true and ordered the butchers burger with extra cheese. I have to say, I wasn't expecting much from the risotto presuming the rise would come over cooked and the wild mushrooms would be replaced with chestnuts. Well, I was wrong! The rice was cooked perfectly with just the right amount of bite and the dish was studded with many different varieties of mushrooms. The pesto dressing was a delightful addition, the only thing missing was huge shavings of Parmesan, but maybe that's just me."
"1-2 Under the Influence (Jes Grew)"
"14 - medallions - behind the door"
"They also have some fun contests with great prizes, and it just so happens the next one will feature my book. So head on over there, sign up for the '80s Time Machine, and win an ebook or paperback copy of 49 MIX TAPES. Then stick around for all the other stuff I mentioned. It's worth it."
"I really appreciate getting picked for top spots, much cause for the happy dance... I know, that's not an image you needed, but I do!!"
"I mean, I get her point, and I probably have made the same assertion about Jean Rhys (but more, girls should read Jean Rhys, not girls do read Jean Rhys, the difference seems crucial). And I adore Didion - I mean, I am a writer who went to a sport-competitive journalism school, the New Journalists were my literary lifeline. But my early twenties was way more gonzo and tequila than flowers in my fucking hair - I mean, I am and was drawn to Didion because she was a basketcase who made lists of her clothes, also because she's a brilliant, beautiful writer, and yet... Flanagan seems to dismiss Didion the writer and suggest that like Plath Didion is idolized for a persona, one she characterizes as that of the depressive pixie dream girl:"
"We're on vacation."
"Well i say im going to sand it - its more likely calvin will be doing that elbow grease part -"
"But that's the way it went and then I became a mom, the kind who swore she'd do it differently and then failed. Okay I don't chase my kids with a belt. But I do lose it. And I apologize. Because I know better. The kids are just being kids, acting age-appropriately and so forth, and I know how they feel because I was once in their shoes."
"Hand me a paper bag?"
"Two days after my last bout of major depression my Sunday Class teacher emailed me (completely unaware of my struggles-nice work, God) and invited me to partake in an afternoon of fighting for my spiritual freedom. That certainly sounded like something I needed. I agreed and we set a date, April 29th."
"Me: Hm, I suppose we should make a Christmas list for Xena. What do you think she’d want? More sparkly balls? Another shoelace to chase around? Some treats and gooshy food?"
"I decided weeks ago to just forgive myself."
"Crossing the River Mole using the Stepping Stones that give this part of the estate its name, spring seems to be tentatively thinking about making an appearance after the coldest winter for 31 years, with the fresh green new shoots of Ramsons or edible Wild Garlic carpeting the woodland floor."
"The restaurant was lovely. It wasn’t anything special, but it was certainly pleasant enough in its own rustic way. It boasted a nice, fairly quiet atmosphere, even though it catered somewhat to families and tourists. Oh, and the waiter; what a handsome specimen of a man he was. Oh yeah, simply delicious…"
"I helped him open his as he was too intoxicated to muster that action. It was a luxury watchbox (much like a jewelry box) that would hold 6 of his prize possessions—his watch collection."
"Let's just hope I don't get kicked in them!"
"My mother and sisters took a long time to warm up to N (my mother never did). This only strengthened my resolve and hers to make this work no matter what."
"Helen - Ramblings of the Doormat"
"Third, philosophy could not possibly have come to exist without philosophers having an interest in the universe. That is philosophy basically started as an attempt to do science."
"Victor Emmitt Hammond (rogue, dashing and debonair.)"
"Mix in a bowl: tomatoe puree, lemon juice, 3 segments of crushed garlic, fajita spices, and spread evenly over one side of the chicken pieces."
"of keeping all those fires burning."
"Sit in my bed and wonder what I am supposed to do with the rest of the day."
"Feel-good, fun & cute!"
"Denver retired with honors and went on to work in private investigation. This is when Grace finally took control of her life and the lives of her children. She filed for divorce and a judge, who didn’t care for Denver, gave her an order of protection so that Denver would be forced to leave their home. Without the state police force to back him up, Denver didn’t fight the divorce, and he gave Grace the divorce she wanted and moved to Texas, where he still lives today. As the years passed, Denver never contacted his children, except to ask them for money. Both boys knew their father wasn’t a real father to them so Denver’s actions weren’t a surprise to the boys. They cut all ties with their father, and they clung to their mother."
"After the surgery we found out she had removed a 16-pound mass from his abdomen. It was the biggest lipoma she had ever seen. Buster recovered (after one little mishap when he managed to prematurely remove his own stitches, leading to another surgery to repair the damage), and through the process he formed a special bond with Dr. Faulkner and made a lasting impression on the rest of the veterinary staff."
"To all my friends who are beaten down by life- in whatever way- don't give in to fears or lose your optimism. Darkness in which you cannot see the future does not mean there is nothing there. Patience and trusting in yourself and the way the universe works (however or whatever you believe in) will get you through (unless, perhaps you are an existentialist, in which case I don't know how you would deal with depression- read nausea maybe?)"
"Less well recorded is what happened to the act after Cliff Bennett left the band (or was 'booted out' depending upon which story you believe) to form Toe Fat. Logically enough, they decided to continue as the plain old Rebel Rousers, and whilst Bennett's vocals are much missed on this single, the other elements remain intact. Both sides are equally strong, brittle and blaring pieces of brightly coloured pop created with the dancefloor in mind, and that the record wasn't a hit probably had more to do with the trends of the time than anything else - this sort of thing was incredibly passe by 1968, and Bennett's instincts to get a bit more sophisticated with Toe Fat seem, in this respect at least, less misguided than they may first appear. Still, the flip \"As I Look\" was later compiled as part of the \"Chocolate Soup for Diabetics\" series, and remains a favourite among retro DJs across the UK, regularly filling floors at mod nights. The copy I have is clearly a rather amateurishly produced bootleg made for the benefit of such wheel-of-steel spinners (I've never seen an original copy for sale anywhere) but it plays brilliantly despite the murky looking label."
"In fact, aside from the first chapter’s colour pages, the last chapter’s ONE colour page, the animated adaptations I mentioned, volume covers, and some side-material, this is the only piece of colour artwork the series has gotten despite the really high quality drawings Akamatsu has given us:"
"That's it, three chances to win. Good luck!"
"Day two of in-season testing completes in Mugello. The beautiful green rolling hills provided a spectacular back drop to for the Formula One tests. It was business as usual for the teams present. Running through their programs and ticking off their “To Do” list."
"down her station and checked to make sure the sharps box wasn’t full. She could"
"Don’t forget: YOU ROCK!"
"The Ericsson deal builds on this strategy since Sony can now employ its cloud technology and bring its gaming and entertainment holdings onto its handsets without working out deals with Ericsson."
"Pours a slightly hazy amber with a quickly dissipating tan head. Throws off a nice smell though, slightly peppery with some alcohol. So far, better than expected and seemingly on type."
"if you didn’t read venus capriccio i’ll just say it again: the art is GORGEOUS! i’m sorry i used the summary from mangahere but i just couldn’t find the right words to summarize the manga! and it was driving me crazy."
"44. Write her a handwritten letter every year on her birthday. Give them to her when she goes off to college, becomes a mother herself, or when you think she needs them most."
"Also by using drop shadow and outer glow effects"
"Somewhere in her distant past, Karen was an equities analyst and wrote a whole bunch of stuff for grownups. After her children were born, she realized that it was much more fun to write for kids. And that’s what she has been doing ever since. Karen lives in Toronto with her husband, two kids and a shnoodle named Cocoa."
"It is has medicinal properties too."
"It's surface jagged"
"Maybe if I get more involved in all these different sites, I'll propel my career into the stratosphere. But then maybe if I just keep writing and getting books out, I'll just naturally build up a following because people, instead of following me because they want to find out via twitter what I had for lunch, have just read and enjoyed my books over a number of years."
"The beauty of a comfortable set of pure cotton nursing pyjamas has several benefits; not only will they help you get a comfortable nights rest in the lead up to the birth, but with the ability to buy nursing pyjamas that offer breastfeeding convenience, they may well be the first item packed for your hospital stay."
"- Assorted shades of felt in whatever colours you want. You'll need a larger amount of the main body colour and smaller pieces for the feathers and other details. You could make a \"realistic\" looking owl with lots of brown feathers, or use a selection of your favourite colours."
"What’s gonna happen? The sun will blast us from afar and we might get a bit brown. Yeah!"
"For all those wish for more excitement while running in the city….join The Color Run!!! For this race, runners must wear a white shirt at the start. At each kilometer mark, runners are doused with powder of a different color (1k is yellow, 2k is blue, 3k is green, 4k is pink) until the 5k mark where runners reach the “Color Extravaganza.”"
"Next week, we’ll be back with the last of this series, Celebrity Brows, Part 3: Fully Loaded. Have a fabulous week!"
"I've definitely not mastered the whole \"eat to live\" not \"live to eat\" thing."
"Updates from the scene as of Tuesday report that the trucks are being allowed to pass, and that Lakota people were arrested late Monday as they attempted to halt the trucks from entering their sovereign territory."
"3-You can decide that the situation is what it is and let go and just float. Eventually you will regain strength or maybe even coast over to the side in time."
"- Parking (10 places)"
"What is truly real? The All-Attractive Divine Identity (“Śrī Krishna”). The Śrīmad Bhāgavatam describes Śrī Krishna as satyam-param: the paramount truth. Thus krsna-sanga (emotionally intimate association with Krishna, via those who are deeply absorbed in contemplation of Krishna) and krsna-kathā (discussion and broadcast of Krishna’s name, qualities, beauty and activities) can restore all the legs of morality fully and deliver happiness, satisfaction and enlightenment to anyone and everyone."
"I know there is so much I am missing, but it'll be alright. I've got BIG things going on in this house o' mine. Some crafty dafty home projects that I am super excited about. AND, I finally got on Pinterest, but I haven't been able to play around much on it yet. Can't wait to do that!"
"Tonight saw a plethora of tiny new ones coming for a ‘try and see’ – a second visit for one, first visit for another four – including two ‘not quite six’ year olds."
"I did receive a Hidden Recycler in exchange for this review. I am not required to give this product a positive review and all opinions stated are my 100% honest opinions and experiences. This giveaway is sponsored by Rubbermaid."
"The next two weeks are lower mileage with shorter long runs (16 this week, 7 next week). Then I have one more 20 miler before taper. I can do it (despite my anxiety)."
"Newly un-sired Tyler surprised Caroline by showing up at the dance, throwing caution to the wind (he has yet to reunite with Klaus). He was a man with a mission: to keep his girl from falling into Klaus’ hot, but evil, clutches. Tyler definitely wins most romantic line of the night with his gem: “I AM jealous, but I’m also competitive!” Nothing sweeps a girl off her feet like a guy comparing you to a trophy. But, we forgive Tyler because he did just exile himself to suffer through the painful transformation into a werewolf more times then I’d like to think of so that he could be free from Klaus. And he did it all in the name of love…What a big softie *sigh*"
"574 D-V/30/1968. “A Memorandum to Editors: An Occasional Author Still Prefers to Speak for Himself.” Chicago, Illinois. (To John H. Hicks.) See Item C-1968(1), above, and Item D-XII/31/1993, below."
"The probability and type of effect depend on dose and the developmental stage of the embryo or foetus."
"Los Códigos de Tango (Tango Etiquette) has been protecting new tangueros/tangueras for over a century. (Newcomer to tango will need to read \"Tango Etiquette's Apendix B for beginners\" for vocabulary explanations.) The community should not see Tango Etiquette as the finer points of tango; it is the starting point. Tango Etiquette is not \"the finer points of tango\" but the basis of tango -- what teachers and friends should be pointing out to newcomers about about tandas, cabeceos, and appropriate behavior at a milonga. It will protect their advancement and make it hard for inappropriate behavior from predatory dancers to harm them. Here is a brief review in reverse order of priority:"
"I don't have any polls or statistical details on polygamy in Malaysia but I believe it is not a rare practice here. Often we heard of wives and children being abandon by husbands who have taken on a new wife.On the flip side we also have heard of happy and successful polygamy household."
"first onto my right side, then onto my left."
"One day we met Aunt Joyce at the local pizza diner, and had a great lunch. We also went and visited Aunt Joyce at home and played with her and her puppies. The girls were super excited to playing with Joyce and getting to know her."
"3:30 a quick trip to the post office to mail some orders... the temp in my car says 110 degrees... is summer over yet?"
"The 3DS interface is quite nice, if a bit slow. Still, it feels well thought out, it’s easy to access during games. I only wish the virtual keyboard would have bigger buttons. Even with the stylus it’s kinda hard to type accurately. Then again, with the rubbish iPhone virtual keyboard we are all beginning to type like shit and accept spelling mistkases."
"If I learned one thing, it would be to fall in love when you’re ready, not when you’re lonely. If you’re not happy with who you are on the inside, you won’t be happy in a long-term relationship with anyone else either. You have to create stability in your own life first before you can share it with someone else."
"Back to the Christmas market, or Christkindlmarkt, as us erudite people say. I had moved to Amsterdam, after this last trip, which afforded us incredible access to travel around Europe. I had always wanted to experience Christmas in Germany, so my friends Rachel, Naomi, Diane and I took the train that wound down south through the flat landscape of the Netherlands. The green fields of the Netherlands were slowly replaced by the thick forests of Germany and into Koln itself."
"Well what I want to get out of my system is that I do lots of work in mental health in a voluntary capacity, much of it in the public eye. I do a very responsible full-time job, that at times (i.e. now) is pretty bloody intense."
"- Play and art can open up the creative cognitive processes: broad scanning ability, fluidity of thinking, flexibility, insight, synthesizing abilities, and divergent thinking"
"Was hard for Jack to let go."
"When I think about it, letting go of my resentfulness and embracing joy is the least I can do during this time when we’re reflecting on the great sacrifice of our Lord and the joy he was preparing to deliver."
"This info goes under your name."
"Jo Lockwood is a National Parks Ranger who has recently taken up a new job at a newly-declared State Forest in north-western NSW. The solitary life doesn’t much bother her, she enjoys her own company and the peacefulness that comes from working with nature. That peace is shattered when she discovers the dead body of a man who has been brutally tortured not far off a walking track."
"Bloody revenge"
"I’d never do that - it’d be like sexually abusing it."
"\"You might think that,\" he said, \"But that's what's so great about grapes. They thrive on adversity, on the water rolling down the hill in a hard storm, on the wind whipping through. Think of the vineyards back in France. Can you think of a single one that's on flat land?\""
"Just a couple words about both, first Mark, if I had a dollar for every video I watched done (by Mark) I would have a whole bunch of dollars. He is extremely knowledgeable and a great teacher, so you just can't do any better or ask for more than that."
"In the run-up to German general elections in 2013 and prior to state elections, Kalwa and his colleagues plan to march into party meetings and ask how the candidates intend to regulate the energy supply in Germany in a cost-effective and reliable manner."
"If Inlinkz is unavailable please leave a link in the comments, thank you"
"Admission for the NFO XPO is $7 adults / free for youth"
"\"You're pretty brave to be out here in just those arm covers,\" I heard a fellow runner say to me. Actually, I felt great. Even a little warm. My left hip flexor had started out tight but had loosened up. My left shin felt good, too, once I was a few miles in."
"Invocation of this kind does not appear in Rumpelstiltskin, but another theme familiar to fantasy does. If someone knows your name – your true name – they can defeat or even rule over you. Take, for instance, the Earthsea series by Ursula K Le Guin. As the Master Namer explains: “A mage can control only what is near him, what he can name exactly and wholly.” A name, then, is the very essence of a thing. It is not simply a useful appellation by which is it known – it is the actual knowledge. Symbolically, Rumplestiskin’s name is his sacred identity. Revealing it cleaves him to his very core, taking his identity away from him."
"DEAR BENEFICIARY :"
"This post is about an idea Alli-baby had for GNO (girl's night out)."
"When the kids are drying off and in various stages of getting dressed, running around naked, screaming, and laughing, wash out the tub, gather up your dirty towels along with their things and back yourself out of your blitzed bathroom."
"Please include your name, address, and t-shirt size you would like."
"and you can hear the sound it makes,"
"During my trip to New York, one of my ticky list items was to find a good Indian restaurant and gorge myself on delicious spicy delicacies. Using the power of google and yelp from my sketchy hotel room, I found an Indian place less than a block away from my art show that had a menu with everything I could want on it, well within my limited budget."
"He is suffering from mental health issues (aren’t all suicide bombers?) and is holding four people hostage in Tottenham Court Road."
"But seriously, folks: Has anyone seen anything so sexy since...hell, since Barbara Stanwyck tousled the heck out of a stunned-into-sexual-submission Henry Fonda's hair in Preston Sturges's The Lady Eve (1941)?"
"What this means can be interpreted in many ways. The most popular belief is the person wants to let their loved ones know there is life after death. In addition, they may want to assure them that they are okay where they are now. Often people will make a sort of pact. They will promise each other whichever one passes first will use a certain sign to let the other one know they are still around. This visitation reassures the remaining person that they will not just cease to exist when they die."
"City: Portland"
"Q. Quote from a movie: Pretty much anything from Office Space, Anchorman, 40 year old virgin, or the Hangover. I even made a baby version of the Tiger Song from Hangover for little Emmett. It goes like this:"
"7:00 - Make bottles for daycare, do errands/chores like laundry or picking up the condo that constantly looks like a tornado hit it."
"During the course of the hearing before the Customs Commissioner, the Delhi High Court pronounced its order in the Samsung case prohibiting parallel imports under the Trade Marks Act, 1999. Apart from the Samsung order, the ‘rights holder’, Dell, also brought to the attention of the Court several other judgements from Indian and foreign courts on the subject of parallel imports being barred under Indian law. The Defendants for their part discussed several case law supporting their defence that Section 30(3) of the Trade Marks Act, 1999 allowed for parallel imports."
"Market officially starts tomorrow, and even though it's a little, okay way late, I want to finally share my little invite. (above) Hosting Society Social is Acacia Home & Garden, a company that is more dear to my heart than you can imagine, and you can find a few of my bar carts in their beautiful showroom situated right beside the Pavilions. Of course if you're at High Point Market, and of course only if you would like to stop by."
"Directions: Select serving of parfait glasses that hold 3/4 to 1 cup capacity. In two separate bowls, prepare pudding mixes according to package directions. Fill glasses with alternating layers of vanilla and butterscotch pudding. Chill 5-10 minutes. Garnish parfaits with Jelly Belly beans on top and a fan wafer if desired."
"Call us today to begin your Disney Cruise Line reservation!"
"Sure, the 1995 BBC version outstripped this one. Early BBC costume dramas look prehistoric now, with their immovable cameras and bad lighting. I did a lot of group viewing of the 1995 Pride and Prejudice too — including one memorable weekend with all my best grad school girlfriends, piled together in a friend’s apartment, loading up on Colin Firth like too many candy bars. (Aldine, I haven’t forgotten that, nor the fact that you’re the one who introduced me to North & South.)"
"½ cup warm water + 2 tablespoon active dry yeast, dissolves and it bloom (about 5 minutes)"
"More images on"
"Want the Best Metal Detectors? Read This Before Blowing Your Money"
"Finally, there are our two young lovers caught in this dreadful mess. Rollin’s movies tend to revolve more on emotion than dialogue; and in particular he focused a lot on the emotion of loneliness. In Shiver, the horror, sadness and loneliness of the story comes mainly from how the vampires come between the young couple and destroy their relationship. Julien and Durand do a perfect job of portraying the strain and awkwardness that is increasingly interfering with Isle’s and Antoine’s new marriage. It is hard not to feel for Antoine as dark influences take his love away from him and he is unable to do anything about it."
"Article 8 does not always work though. A paedophile illegal immigrant, Zulfar Hussain, has finally been thrown out of Britain after a long court battle in which he claimed that his deportation would breach his human rights. This is good news, but Hussain represents only a drop in the multicultural ocean and cost the taxpayer over £100,000 in his welfare funded legal battle to remain in Blackburn, Lancashire."
"Just in case you haven't heard, Erin Bode wrote the most amazing song about my daughter Katelyn with her heartbeat embedded within the song. You can buy the song on iTunes by clicking here. It is seriously the best song ever. And I'm not just saying that because it's Katelyn's story and her heartbeat. I promise you ~ you will love this song! (Seriously - go buy it!! ;))"
"AHA! I looked for this video, and found it in an old folder of photos, but I thought I had put it online. I had, but on The Lyrics Game, on the word \"brake/break.\" I was recycling old words, and found it. (I'm glad I looked rather than just marking it \"draft\" where it might never be seen again!) The note was written in August 2008."
"Micah - We love each other"
"Now please enjoy some of his paintings！"
"All of this evidence DPD either had or could have received before first indictment issued."
"And there I sat on the dusty old box"
"The Mercury Cafe is not just a restaurant. It's quite subversive. They have extra rooms that they can do extra stuff in. They have an upstairs for dancing, yoga and what not and an extra room adjacent to the dining room for other stuff, like movies. When we got there they were watching a film about copyrighting but the girls and I decided that we had too much to talk about and we didn't want to disturb the other movie watchers."
"The kind workers come through with-a meal and a pat,"
"This can be the hardest parts of tasting chocolate - not chewing."
"University officials asked the school’s band to remove a formation highlighting the slogan “Every Man a Wildcat” from its pregame routine on Saturday."
"This is probably my favourite book of poetry and though I’ve read the quoted lines many times, they never resonated as deeply as recently. It’s very true that I have found my life again, but what draws me especially is, “Chanting, I settle into my breath.” Not just the idea of the chant but how comfortable and casually it fits into T’ao Ch’ien’s life and moment."
"To be placed,"
"Aim upwards, Go fight! Someday, Be Shine!"
"The rest of the night all I tried to do was think of other things to keep my mind off of what was going on. I said a prayer and actually felt pretty good after it was over and I took that as a good sign. Heavenly Father knows what is best for me. When I woke up all I wanted to do was get into the doctor and see my baby and to know what was going on. Lincoln came with me this time and we were both so nervous, I couldn't stop shacking. The Doctor walked into the room and said that he was thinking about me and worrying about the baby and said he was hoping that he was just over reacting yesterday. I started crying before the ultrasound even started. The moment she was on the screen you could see her little heart beating and right at that moment you could tell she was okay. Her heart was beating perfectly. She was up to 165 bpm again. Which is normal. I started crying such a wave a relief rushed all over me. I love listening to her heart it sounded so much better then yesterday. The doctor checked her again and again to make sure she looked great and she did. I am going back in 2 weeks to make sure she stays the same."
"Regretsy is like a playground for the vicious and irresponsible, rife with angry humor, snark, and the F-word, so it’s probably not to everyone’s tastes. But in small doses it makes me laugh and cringe and want to never admit that I shop at Hobby Lobby. And it’s not all bad–Regretsy has raised over $180,000 for charitable projects since 2009. Plus, many of the crafters whose work is “featured” end up selling the work and reaping lasting benefits from the hundreds of hits sent their way. Yet other crafters share their feelings by composing tender, rage-filled emails to Helen, which she then offers up for communal mockery."
"I hope you all had a wonderful weekend, and I wish you a fantatstic day today!!!"
"Holy buggering smeg, Batman."
"Always Shine On!"
"Produced by John Congleton, The Body Wins busies up Jaffe's sound to a remarkable degree — and, more importantly, retains her cool ability to shape-shift from warm vulnerability to icy distance and back again as it suits her."
"Turquoise slim belt - Salvation Army"
"Are you a student looking to work in the marketing and advertising industries? Do you want to know what working in the exciting world of digital is all about? Then come and join us for Internet Advertising Bureau’s exclusive event at The University of Manchester on:"
"People of faith have supernatural experiences all the time. God is Himself supernatural after all. How else would He communicate with us? The experiences of St. Faustina, St. Bernadette, the students of Kibeho, Sister Agnes of Akito, the shepherd children of Fatima and many, many others are mighty demonstrations of the power of Heaven when it wants to get Earth's attention. Each of us who strives to live a devout life could I'm sure talk about varying degrees of supernatural experiences as well, though we hesitate to share our stories with anyone."
"Book week is an example where the focus of the community engagement is on literacy, but it also helps build social capital. This year’s theme is “One World, Many Stories,” which lends itself to themes of social inclusion, accepting difference and creating belonging. The book parade helps to bring people together and build a sense of community in the school. All of which are important in social capital."
"We are having a Blog Hop this Saturday, and you’ll really want to follow along and check out these amazing talents. We will start at midnight my time here in Reno (holy cow!), which is timed with the start of the blog hop at 8 a.m. British Standard Time…I did have to look that up on the interwebs! You can jump over here, I will have my post up, and I will give you the before and after landing spots. I will also show you where to go if you want to start at the beginning of the whole shindig. It’s a great way to make some discoveries of your own in the art blogosphere."
"Impunity Index Rating: 0.431 unsolved journalist murders per million inhabitants"
"Jack loves him too! According to Jack, \"Owl's name is Bird.\" The lovely lady who sold Bird to me said he's the first of his design, so he's extra special. And I love that he's going to travel all over the world with us."
"My Nook Color, with several hundred books on it (and room for ten thousand plus more, plus music, plus games, plus internet access etc...) is less than an inch thick even with the leather case, and weighs 1 pound, 5.6 ounces (about a third of which is the case)."
"We were fortunate to have my niece, Elyssa, come spend the night with us this past weekend. She is 11, but Landon is obsessed with her! And I'd be lying if I didn't mention that she's pretty smitten with him, too! To be such a difference in age, they play so well together and she was a really big help keeping Landon occupied while I fed the baby! The night that she spent the night we all had a movie night in the den. We let Landon stay up late, popped popcorn, and cuddled on the couch. I personally enjoyed it so much that I told Josh this must become a weekly activity for us!"
"Detective Brianna “Bree” Morris and her partner and ex-lover Steven Kemp are back. This time they are thrown head first into a gruesome homicide that brings forth as many secrets as it does clues."
"encyclopedia britannica circa 1880s"
"05. The Girl In The Swing"
"The arbiter judged that the answer was indeed correct, but did not display any noticeable knowledge of physics."
"The first flash of genuine colour that I can see moving is my dog."
"The beers from Camden are good. The Hells Lager (apparently a stab at combining the helles and pils styles) works well, being a well-made lagery sort of a lager - clean, crisp and moreish. This is the beer you get if you go into a bar and ask for \"a beer\" - well-executed, transparently flawless, drinkable, bittersweet. The unfiltered version ups the ante a bit further, and the Unfiltered USA Hells slams down a hand of four aces and scoops the pot into its lap - zesty, slightly yeasty, but carrying that unmistakable hoppity-skippity of an unfiltered lager. It's just more alive, somehow."
"We will get Dec a new school bag and some stationery whilst we are there!"
"Progress has been slow the past week or so on the Troll despite a hefty package of parts arriving from Chain Reaction Cycles."
"2 births"
"Ugh. Ryan and I searched the helmet box, the manual sheets, and the white envelope, but alas, no decals. A Stormtrooper does not panic, right? So I posted some threads on the Golden Gate Garrison and the First Imperial Stormtrooper Detachment (\"FISD\") forums for recommendations, given my dire situation. There is Trooperdecals, but he is located overseas and I need the decals before Friday. Ugh."
"Open Your Eyes"
"ON A TREADMILL:Warm up for 10 minutes. Run for five minutes with treadmill at 1% incline at a speed that hits 90 to 95% of your max heart rate. After a two-minute recovery jog, repeat two more times. Cool down for 10 minutes. Add one interval every two weeks until you reach six."
"The stories,"
"I just want to see it. Truthfully, I don’t have much interest in the rest of South Dakota (too cold, I think), but I have heard that the monument is a sight to behold. Plus, this is realistically within road trip territory."
"30(For I did not let my mouth give way to sin, in putting a curse on his life;)"
"I was born at Mt. Zion hospital, in the old wing at Post and Scott, before San Francisco was a \"knowledge center\" full of \"thought leaders,\" in the dead zone between the counterculture revolutions and the technology boom. They don't have a birth wing any more. It's a cancer research center now. Which you know, I might be grateful for someday too."
"25. “Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.” -Walter Anderson"
"I graduated from college magna cum laude."
"...the only meaningful recognition is recognition by your peers or, more accurately, people you consider your peers, and peer recognition is a very personal matter. An artist's peers are other artists, not necessarily in the same field – ie, musicians for musicians, painters for painters – but people who understand what you're trying to do simply because they're trying to do a similar thing. On the first point, I'd add that a favourable review that nevertheless entirely misses the point of your work can be almost as bad as an unfavourable review - or, well, pretty dismaying. On the second, I'd add that the pernicious thing about prizes is that the also-rans become second-best in the eyes of the public as well as the judges."
"! Removal of Non Performers from the Business"
"I have decided to do a series of posts on how to knit a sock. When I first became interested in learning how to do this, I was overwhelmed by the variety of ways there are to knit a sock...top (cuff) down, toe up socks, countless ways of casting on, using double pointed needles, two circular needles, one circular needle, numerous options for knitting the heel...it was truly confusing and I struggled to find information that took me through the process step by step. I am quite sure that there are probably MANY references that I just didn't come across, that you may be aware of, but it was a long journey, learning and adapting what I found , to what worked for me.So, I will be doing a bunch of \"walk-you-through-a sock-KAL\" posts, specifically in the way I like to knit a sock. By no means is this the only way...just the way I like to do it :)"
"God sits on His holy throne."
"Also, updating your social media profiles only once a week will not do much for your business. If clients and potential clients see tumbleweeds spinning across your profile, due to lack of activity, they will tune you out and move on to more interesting people. However, if people come to recognize that you and your business are a regular part of their online life on a day-to-day basis, they will be much more likely to ask questions, to respond to requests, and ultimately to do business. Like all marketing media, frequency is key."
"Recently, girl group 2NE1 released a new album in Japan. They also held a small fan event in conjuction with this."
"The widespread nature of workers’ declining fortunes, even if they have not suffered unemployment, explains why it is that one-third of U.S working families are now low-income (i.e, under 200% of poverty), one lost paycheck, one illness, or one accident away from disaster. But as I have noted before, the underlying illness of stagnant wages and a weak labor market have existed before – the one-third figure discussed above is only 7% higher than before the recession, and during the previous recovery in ’02-05 we saw that figure increase, never falling below its 2007 level."
"So, ya got anything for me?"
"6. Vashti Bunyan - Winter Is Blue"
"Owls belonging to genus Asio are known as the eared owls, as they have tufts of feathers resembling mammalian ears. These “ear” tufts may or may not be visible. Asio flammeus will display its tufts when in a defensive pose. However, its very short tufts are usually not visible."
"-Layla with a series a kicks"
"Bobette Vanstee: I have been using this Dual XR4115 In for 1 week now. Nice built quality."
"In 1989 I watched my television screen in awe as a single young Chinese student stood in front of a column of tanks and forced them to stop."
"- A review of the Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) products under development by companies and universities/research institutes based on information derived from company and industry-specific sources."
"There is nothing better for a man, than that he should eat and drink, and that he should make his soul enjoy good in his labour. This also I saw, that it was from the hand of God."
"We are starting to be able to see the light at the end of the tunnel. Now we just have to put the bathroom back together, paint the rest of the rooms, and varnish the floors. Okay, so I guess it's a lot. But I'd say we're at least halfway done now!"
"Truck/car"
"One night we went to the opening of the Canadian Front movie series at MoMA and saw the movie Monsieur Lazhar which was very good. A friend of ours produced the movie Roller Town which we didn't see but he put our name on the list for the film after party. I asked about the dress code and was told \"New York casual\". I asked a few people what they thought that meant and was told \"black\"."
"1. Frequency. Will I be blogging every day? I have a full-time job people, and remember how I’m trying to write a novel?! So most likely not. Well, that and I live in Colorado; it’s almost summer (i.e. the most wonderful time of the year!), and when I’m not at work, I hope to be at play. I do plan to blog at least once a week. Blogging Mondays, perhaps? Maybe twice if you’re lucky."
"Because we were fitting our judging into NCAA basketball-style brackets, we narrowed down the field by picking four IPAs from east of the Mississippi and four IPAs from west of the Mississippi. From that elite eight we chose a final four, and ultimately a winner. Surprisingly, without any manipulation, our top IPAs included two from the East bracket and two from the West. After another round of tasting and a bit of arguing, we ranked those from one to four to produce a winner."
"I’m Klaus Langpohl and I’m a beekeeper. Our estate apiary sits by the side of St Mary’s Bay in Nova Scotia Canada, where our bees happily gather nectar from the wildflowers and fruit trees here on the estate, as well as from the blossoms in the nearby organic farms."
"Adrian, as a director for the first time, was the world on your shoulders?"
"Above is the amazing kit we got from SodaStream to give our honest review on. I like the fact that I can get the flavors at my local grocery store but more exciting to me is that I can purchase them at Staples (which with the $2 recycling credit per ink cartridge - limit 10/month - that is a potential of $20 worth of SodaStream flavors I can get free a month)!"
"Shire Flintheath: -"
"Alas, I love my PBA experience league (yes, I bowl in two different leagues) because there’s not a kid in sight at that one and everyone observes proper etiquette because it’s actually enforced by league officials. I’d still like to see adult-only bowling centers, though I think those are a bit of a stretch. I understand the appeal of bowling as a family activity and strongly support it as such, but please teach your kids proper bowling etiquette. It’ll make the game more enjoyable for all of us. Thank you."
"Dean got his heart back that night and hasn’t stopped running. That was almost twenty years ago."
"From the sidewalk"
"The agreement:"
"15And Joshua, with all Israel, went back to the tent-circle at Gilgal."
"Most people are familiar with the set up for these stories: A sultan thinks all women are promiscuous and unvirtuous, so he marries a new woman each day, and then has her killed the following morning so she can't cheat on him. No one really likes this system except the sultan, and one day his vizier's smart and beautiful daughter Scheherazade tells her father to offer her up to the sultan in marriage because she has a plan to stop the killing. As they are preparing to sleep, Scheherazade begins telling a story to the sultan that needs to be continued the next night. He spares her life for one day so he can find out what happens next. This goes on and on and on for one thousand and one nights until the sultan learns his lesson and starts trusting women again."
"What does belief and intent have to do with pattern recognition? Well, first a couple of odd words: Pareidolia and Apophenia. Both, in broad definition, essentially mean that when you see shapes in clouds or hear voices in traffic passing by (this doppler effect happens as sound waves are compressed in front of the car (high pitched) and stretched behind the car (low pitched) or see faces in dust orbs, your brain is seeking to make something recognizable out of the chaotic. One short definition I found for the latter is: unmotivated seeing of connections."
"My tastiest use of this informative book was in experimenting with squash blossoms. I had a healthy zucchini crop this summer (only three plants) with plenty of blossoms available during the really hot spells. Schreiber's book notes that \"squash flowers can be stuffed with cheeses and other fillings, battered and deep fried or sauteed and added to pasta\". The trick with the squash flowers is to get the male flowers (the ones without a bulbous base that indicates that a baby zucchini is on the way) when they have just started to open, as they are rather fragile and get raggedy even after a day in the sunshine. The other trick is to avoid getting stung by a bee while picking them, as they are also very attractive to the Insect Kingdom. I found that early morning, when the cold-blooded bees are still drowsy and slow, was the best time to swoop in and steal them."
"H2O—a fascinating allegorical look at success,"
"Posters and fences enclose the wasteland, although not much effort has been expended in keeping them up, revealing an absolutely huge, poisoned-looking grass expanse, broken up by two buildings and a public sculpture. The wager was that 'Boro might become a tourist destination, if Alsop and invited architects like FAT were to be given their head; the renders in front of the wastes show a Super Mario World which bitterly contrasts with what is in front of your nose. The public sector levelled the area for, so far, an optimistic temporary suite designed as an aptly upturned lime green box, and the new Middlesbrough College by Hickton Madely at Archial. This is a huge building, and aside from the Bridge it dominates Middlehaven, its curving mass covered in a silver and yellow cladding, with small windows punched into it at random. Round the back, it's a huge white shed, as if we wouldn't be looking. Far away is the other building – the Docks' Clock Tower, attributed to Philip Webb – tall, gaunt and profoundly haunting in this dreamlike, spacious and sinister context. Between the dereliction is red and black landscaping, carrying at least some of the renders' cartoonish promise, connecting the area to the football stadium, or to another publicly funded project – Anish Kapoor's Temenos."
"My next “weed-out” involves Best Picture winners who rightfully beat the movies it was up against, but weren’t as good as another un-nominated movie that came out that year.. I’ll grant this opens up the discussion, potentially to a huge number of movies, so I’m limiting the “other movies” to ones that were nominated in at least one other category."
"The richest man on the ship, millionaire John Jacob Astor IV (founder of New York’s Waldorf Astoria hotel) went to the same watery grave as the poorest peasant family who had hoped to start a new life in America. As women and children were being loaded onto the few lifeboats first, Astor had asked if he could accompany his 19-year-old new wife Madeleine because she was pregnant and would particularly need care, but he was denied. He was reported by survivors to have calmly stepped back, tossed his gloves to his wife in the boat, lit a cigarette, and watched as she disappeared into the night. Less than two hours later, he was dead. All his millions could not save him."
"Coun Hollern said: “We are delighted that the Government has asked BwD to lead a national special interest group of councils on integration and cohesion, working closely with Luton Borough Council."
"Let's have a look at my"
"Back in 1984, Vickie Hutchins and Jo Ann Martin were next-door neighbors raising their families in Delaware, Ohio. They were two moms with small children looking for a way to do what they loved and stay home with the kids too. They shared a love of home cooking and making memories with family & friends. After many a conversation over the backyard fence, Gooseberry Patch was born."
"BF: It’s a no-brainer!"
"This is a verse that has really stood out to me lately. It truly reveals a lot about what we will go through as Christians. When we decide to go all in, and really become “sold out” for Christ, the world is not going to understand it. We are different. God says himself that we are to live “no longer on the world’s terms,” but on HIS terms. This requires us to live a life unlike anything that is sold to us in the world. Even some of the people closest to us will not be able to relate to us anymore. And as we continue to grow in Christ, this sometimes may cause separation between us and people we were once close to. Does this mean we are to cut them out completely? No. We are still to be a light to those people, and show them the love of Christ, but sometimes when people grow, they grow apart."
"Having a fire engine with a full complement of firefighters in the driveway is reassuring when there is a fugitive in the woods. Being protected in our sleep by so many law enforcement and emergency workers makes me feel secure. Knowing that police patrol cars, helicopters, search dogs, firefighters, and ambulance drivers know where I live is comforting when one lives at the end of a gravel road in the Hereford Zone. However, sleeping through the arrival of the aforementioned emergency personnel is rather unnerving–not to mention the need for them to be there in the first place."
"soul mates"
"Plant A Tree In Your Garden, Your Private Or Your Public One With The Agreement Of The City Hall & Express Your NO TO TERRORISM, Right Now!"
"I can't forgive myself."
"The night before making the cake, I baked the cheesecake layer. I used a recipe from Dorie Greenspan's \"Baking: From My Home to Yours\" for basic tall cheesecake. Since the recipe was for a 9-inch cheesecake, I divided everything by 1/4 since I was only making a 6-inch cake and I didn't want too tall of a cheesecake layer."
"A chemical relaxer actually breaks down your hair. I know it may seem that your hair is benefiting from a chemical treatments but it is really slowly destroying it…permanently. After many years of using chemical treatments people now start to wear hair pieces or wigs."
"First off, I LOVE the name! Stick Shift is part of the Mechanics 101 collection from BB Couture Nail Polish for Men. I don't know if it's supposed to be a little naughty, but I can't help but giggle like a little girl!"
"Reader, let me talk to you about this subject. Believe me it is one of the deepest importance. This is no mere question of controversy. This is not one of those points on which men may agree to differ, and feel that differences will not shut them out of heaven. A man must be right on this subject, or he is lost forever. Heaven or hell, happiness or misery, life or death, blessing or cursing in the last day,—all hinges on the answer to this question, “What do you think about the cross of Christ?”"
"Tending bar at the safari guesthouse, I listen to an Australian woman complain about her love life. She tells me that the only heterosexual single men left in Sydney are either deadbeats or perverts. After clicking my tongue in commiseration, I offer the following advice:"
"I get to know you better."
"I was expecting to be sleeping off a big ol' hangover today in the confines of my house, enjoying the last few days of my winter break and the dulcet tones of my darling daughters as they bean each other with Wii remotes. However, sadly, I find myself BACK in Kansas City - wherein I just left not five days ago - as my mother has become seriously ill. Thus, I flew back today, and here I am, in the land of single-degree temperatures (9, at present,) watching my mom sleep in her hospital bed."
"All who teach me something along the way"
"The feeling of being trapped inside the body of the other sex causes great emotional pain. Many feel pressure from family members to conform to traditional gender roles. A transgender teen may suffer from harassment, which compounds the problems caused by gender dysphoria."
"Wednesday, April 6 - Mohawk - Austin, TX"
"and before you ask, no, we don’t have a name and we have no idea how we’re going to agree about it. and yes, that is another thing that we’ve argued about more than a few times. life would be perfect if i liked the name darcy. i’ve loved mr. darcy for years; it would just be so fitting to name my child after him. however, neither darcy nor fitzwilliam really do it for either of us. another name i would love to love? gilbert. as in gilbert blythe. but again, just not a name i really like. i’ve thought about austen, as in jane, but it’s a bit too “american” for us (as my husband says). i really like bennet, as in, elizabeth, but of course, james hates it."
"09 Why Don't You Do Right"
"mistake including millions of dollars for every"
"New South Wales"
"Do you only celebrate a Fall festival, or is there Halloween and Trick-or-Treating there too?"
"Smith said the march is “in response to police repression … that will draw a connection between stay away orders for Occupy Oakland and gang injunctions.”"
"and are not good but I promised pics."
"Links at:"
"9. Stay optimistic at all times if your goal is to raise your vibration."
"--Bill"
"Later in the morning, we grieved as the woman next door gave birth to a stillborn baby...we hugged our girl even harder and prayed for that family and the hospital staff. To sit there with our joy while someone else was in such pain was horrific, to say the least. I think of that Mom often....I don't even know her name, but I still think of her. She had 3 children at home....each of them excited about the new baby their Mommy was having. She had to walk out of the hospital with her arms empty....even now my throat tightens and I ache for her....and I hold my Kiki a little bit tighter and am so thankful for the blessing she is to us."
"If you’d like to purchase To Love a Beast for your very own eyeballs, here is the link again."
"and it ain't exactly prison"
"When she sells out of a particular type of pie or bread, she wipes that one off her list. Vicky often sells out or leaves the market with very few products left."
"The wine menu I could at least read. The red and white wine was clear, the region and grape variety I could also read. Being able to read it and understand it however are not one and the same thing. I noticed other punters were able to buy a tray of mixed wines in small measures. Similar to buying a meter of Kolsch beer in 20cl glasses in a tray. So I picked one of them and found a seat among the locals to neck my grog and polish off my jumbo sized hotdog."
"Before we leave we give her our gift of a box of maple-cream cookies from Canada, and we take pictures. My husband, a big man and 6 ft, 5 ins, lovingly referred to by friends as 'the gentle giant', dwarfs most people but Tante Adrie holds her own next to him."
"If you would like to purchase any of these, feel free to do so and just send them to me at PO Box 401, Alabaster, AL 35007. If you live in Birmingham, I would be glad to set up a day for a group of us to all meet so I can collect what you guys have. If you would just like to donate the money and have me get the supplies, feel free to do so by clicking on the donate button on my blog."
"Today is Noah's birthday, he is now four years old. He is the funniest, craziest boy in our family. He asked for a Nintendo DS, which we didn't get for him, because I thought he was too little. So we bought these crazy chairs/hats/pool toys/scoops/step stools for the crazy boy!"
"2 tablespoons granulated sugar"
"This post ends with what might portentiously be called the “meaning” of the film. The characters, as I’ve said, are all types, defined by their tasks. Many of these are tied with their outfits – the suits of the assassins, the tuxedo of the fixer, the dress of the moll. Each sequence is marked by the major characters changing their clothes."
"Before Steve could reply, Brian chorused, “Steve, have you had a run-in with anything that kept you away forever?” In answer, Steve jested, “Uh, let me put it this way, when…on Capitol Hill…they’ve been talking about the Buffett Rule, I thought they were talking about the Jimmy Buffet Rule which means less than four margaritas probably a good idea.”"
"M: \"Do kangaroos count? They technically just hop on their back legs so they kind of have arms and may not be considered 4 legged??\""
"I talk to the couple and asked if they have an online store but, they don’t. However, I have their phone number and email address for y’all in case you want to buy anything. They will gladly ship to you. I told them that I was going to do this post and they were happy to have me give out this information."
"On this tag, I used a stamp from TPS studio stamped with Staz-on ink. I used a little of Tim Holtz's Kraft Glassine paper to give the stamped sentiment a border. The Glassine really was a little tricky because the only thing that would adhere to it was glossy accents. The little pumpkin was cut out from K&Co's fall adhesive borders (I just loved the glitter on it!). Then, I used pop dots and a fiskar's scalloped punch to give it a little 'oomph'. I finished it off by going around the edges with Tim Holtz's distress inks in 'Ripe Persimmon'."
"I found a lot more action, suspense, romance and even loss in this book. There isn't a page in this book that you don't feel someway connected to the story as if that is what you're going through at a moment in time or perhaps even while your reading."
"1160 **D-III/26(A)/1993. “The Future of Legal Ethics.” Faculty Workshop, chaired by Daniel J. Morissey. The College of Law, The University of Tulsa, Tulsa, Oklahoma. (Incorporated in Item 1995(4), above, pp. 86-97.)"
"Such people can be pushed by circumstances to take desperate measures and this sad case should heighten calls for more support and better protection for people living on the edge."
"“Oh, was that the old Naboom town? It is black… Pitch black!”"
"I am a total nerd but I am loving the Carly Rae Jepsen song right now “Call me maybe!”"
"We are all in danger of becoming captives to the world’s views…but we have the opportunity to remain free in Christ. In John 8:36 Jesus says “So if the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed.” Don’t allow the world’s ways to recapture you!"
"This is what mom laziness will do for ya:"
"Topper (US…Norman Z.McLeod)"
"Now we are going crazy about getting tickets. You won't find any information about how and where you can get tickets for this concert. The only thing we know is they will hold the concert at Tempodrom in Berlin. So we have to wait for new information. I think I will go crazy while waiting for the tickets will be sold. x_x"
"Base Cardstock is Bazzill from Michael's, DPs are from Graphics 45 (the Magic of Oz Collection) and Making Memories (Paper Reverie - Sienne Floral)."
"“Atos get millions to get it right. It’s about time they were made to compensate the taxpayer.” Atos are contracted to re-assess people claiming benefits. Heart attack victims are among those assessed as well enough to work."
"Anyway, I had a good old crafty play at the weekend and produced this bright and cheerful creation. I've just brought some Neenah cardstock and I really like how it colours up. I coloured up this pretty little lady in about 10 minutes flat!"
"Somewhere around 1:30 AM, I came up with a fun poll to put up on the ever more crowded right side of the blog. I decided that I should wait until this morning, just in case the poll idea might prove really really dumb once the sun was shining."
"Wow, Im really honoured to be chosen as a guest designer for"
"Great Rock Bight is a nature preserve on the west side of the island. It’s located down a long, windy, easy to miss dirt road and has a few paths to hike that meander through the woods and one that goes down to the beach. For those that don’t know, a “bight” is a curve in the seashore. Not quite a cove or harbor, but somewhat sheltered. Great Rock Bight is just that, a beachy area that is a little sheltered by cliffs and rocks."
"The arrests are part of “Operation Red Harvest“, the 18 month investigation that started in 2010, and resulted in the arrests of several members of the motorcycle group, the Hells Angels. This search was one of eleven search warrants executed in Horry and Georgetown counties."
"Perhaps the best sign of real progress along the yogic path is equanimity, peace of mind and steadiness of awareness. Consistency in practice even if we don’t have any experiences is important. If we give up our practices after an experience, often that experience will not bear fruit."
"Then there was the breathing practice. She explained that that we'd see the chest rock or move in a particular way, and the three of us (David, myself, and the tech) stared at the screen. I realized that I was clenching my fists as I was WILLING the Deuce to breathe with everything I had."
"I believe though that I can manage to go to my local game shop and have pick up games. I barely need a town for that and in fact probably should barely have anything beyond the dungeon to start. No one is going to want to memorize stuff like what country they are in or who controls the next county over when they are just going to playing the one time. They want to sit down and get down to the dungeon proper."
"“Charlie! Why are you acting so stupid?” I asked."
"Scotland Yard blocked a first venue, so the extremists switched to a second hush-hush spot."
"Gene Estes - Drums"
"(Jeremiah 29:11-13 (NIV))"
"Wikipedia is such a great case study for the power of UGC (user generated content) with huge volumes of content which is written in extremley large detail."
"On our wander to the London Eye we walked past a Boots store. For those who don't know, Boots is kind of a have it all store. Its kind of a pharmacy with a really extensive perfume/make up section, as well as a small range of kids clothes and toys. They also have a food and a fabulous meal deal. For less than 4 pound you can get a sandwich or salad, drink and a snack. Bargain. Best bit is, its tasty too. So we grabbed lunch and kept walking. We were unsure if we were able to eat on the Eye so sat outside to eat, slowly freezing in the process."
"I have been asked to show you my finished bride dolls. As you can see they have ringletted hair, a veil and I've added a few silver beads for their tiaras. I'm sure these will amuse the little flower girls on the big day don't you?"
"I've never really thought of myself as one who 'needs to write'. I don't. I just need work. But right now, writing IS work, so, thus, I need to write."
"So I brought in a few things. I found this really cool skinny table that fits along one side just above the toilet paper dispenser. I have to fill the dispenser myself since I leave the stall door in ‘occupied’ mode and climb out under the door, but that’s another story. I found an electrical and network outlet by popping one of the ceiling panels and dropping into one of the other rooms. There was some leftover panduit in the ceiling too, so I just set up all my cables in this beige track and no one seems to bother it. I put a bar stool over the toilet, and use that to sit on. My laptop is on the table, along with an old gray Bostitch stapler that used to belong to my mom when she was a school teacher, cup for pens and pencils; I use my cell phone so I don’t need an office phone. I have a small lamp I use if anyone turns off the lights. I’m all set."
"Alabama/Sweet Home Alabama"
"So, you see, there is absolutely no excuse to sit at home on the beautiful Spring days for which our area is famous. Call your friends, grab your sunglasses and head Downtown to savor all that Greenville has to offer! See you there!"
"Flooring: Advantage Flooring; 3330 Arden Rd, Hayward, CA 94545, 510- 856-0505"
"Paper: Olive green, Echo Park DP, PTI vintage cream, Fine Linen, gold"
"If you are currently on other DTs then please apply to join us if you want to be a part of our team too, however, if it is going to be a problem for you to make a card for us if you have deadlines and/or rules from other DTs to keep to, then please do not apply if there is a possibilty that SS could be pushed to one side so that you can make your card for another challenge blog instead."
"This week the 4th main character gets introduced to us. However she does not join the club yet. With her introduction, the cast is now complete. She has a crush on Satoshi but is kinda cold to him (tsundere?). She also seems to be curious but not as curious as Eru-chan."
"Many ambassadors rushed out of the room as soon as Mrs Clinton finished speaking, the Associated Press news agency reported."
"On the paths through the gardens we sheet mulched, which means we covered the ground with cardboard and then covered that with wood chips to prevent weeds and grass from growing. This is a great way to keep weeds out of your garden. If you garden, you know weeds can quickly spread from a weedy to a non-weedy area, so if we completely weed out an entire yard or garden, it will be way more difficult for the weeds to get into your garden beds. It also just looks better to have clearly visible, neat and weedless paths going through your beds. It was a lot of work weeding out all that grass and shoveling all those wood chips…but it will be so worth it down the road when we don’t have to weed so often! Plus it’s a great workout. We joke at the garden that if you garden you don’t need to buy a gym membership. And it’s a great way to work on your tan."
"I tried to show him that I cared"
"Tuck the wings underneath the chicken and place it breast side up, on a roasting pan (preferably with a rack). Cook in preheated oven at 230 degC for around 10-15 mins then turn down to 200degC for around 40-45 minutes or until the skin is nicely browned. To test whether the chicken is done, pierce the tip of a knife near the joint between the drumstick and the thigh. The juices should run clear (not pink), if it is still pink, cook the chicken a little longer. Let the chicken rest for 15 minutes before serving. This allows the juices to settle and redistribute and the chicken will be much more succulent."
"Follow Len and Leslie Marma of Success! Real Estata on their facebook business page, “Marshfield Matters” …… click LIKE to receive real estate info and what’s happening in Marshfield."
"All these and more factors in human existance are turning negative, because the human race is concentating on “ego” instead of God. So He will continue to take action to change the focus. It will be up to Him whether He will allow a remanent to exist to restart a new human world or whether to just kill off Humanity. If we humans can change in time, this might help him decide."
"Lewis William Kley (1891-1963), husband of Mary Susan Howard."
"I'm am so very thankful to the friends who have stood by me through all of my struggles. You all truly are one in a million."
"Stevie gives the new carpet two paws up! He looks very content relaxing here...maybe he was day dreaming of his online girlfriend Miss Boots? ;-) Donna, I looked at the picture on your blog and your Boots looks so much like Stevie!"
"It's Obama's war on good music. Of course, it could be worse. Have you seen Mitt's playlist? He would be well advised not to even release the short form."
"wind disturbing"
"When the sun went down though, the respawns turned to undead, which were much more lucrative for experience, as they usually con’d at our level or above, though some of the plain skeletons still con’d blue."
"Among those who did give figures on shariah scholar salaries, there was considerable variation. Professor Rodney Wilson, a member of the Durham Centre for Islamic Economics and Finance, says that the most in-demand shariah scholars are paid $2,000 a day. Reuters has quoted an unnamed banker as saying that some scholars charge around $1,000-$1,500 per hour of consultation — in addition to an annual bonus of between $10,000 and $20,000 per board seat."
"The win against Samford was a decent (not great) defensive performance. The Citadel has proven to be a tough matchup on the hardwood for the Birmingham Bulldogs over the years, and Saturday night was no exception. Samford shoots a lot of threes by design, but you have to make a decent percentage of them for that strategy to work, and Samford was only 7-29. Some of that was good defense by The Citadel, and some of it was just really bad shooting."
"Bersih 2.0 was undoubtedly one of those iconic events, destined to be forever etched into Malaysia’s collective memory."
"The flavor for this cake is raspberry and chocolate, with vanilla and chocolate sponge cake alternating. Making the cake base is not that difficult, just took a lot of time since it's big in size, 1/2 sheet, 12x18\" and I only have one cake pan in that size, meaning that I had to make it three different times. That's the easy part, now the filling is raspberry white chocolate and cream cheese frosting with dark chocolate ganache, then it's covered with pink buttercream. Everything went well up until the raspberry cream cheese frosting, but then disasters happened. I blamed it on the long hours at work everyday that week that made me exhausted when I finally had the time at 9pm to start working on the cake. I basically did this cake for a few days every night and early morning, so you can imagine how tired I was :(."
"The connection to the scanner is acting wonky, so I'll have scans for this issue up next week."
"KF: Have fun with it, but then go back and read it aloud and preferably to some others so that you know it works."
"Supposedly, we have heard, you get a mailed notice if you are under a hosepipe ban because of lack of water. Then unless you get an exemption, you can’t water your grass, wash your car, fill your birdbath or any such thing with your hose. You can do all of that if you carry the water out of your house in a bucket. Also we have been told that neighbors are particularly good at ratting you out and telling on you if they see you with the hose in your hand. Exceptions are if you have a pond with live fish. Then you are allowed to use the hose to keep it full so your fish don’t die. We do have a fish pond and while our fish died over the winter, we have since restocked it. It has still been so cold thought that we haven’t seen the fish since we released them into the pond."
"It'sssss baaaaaaack! The Friday Feature, too long absent from the ranks of my posts, has returned.... with a vengeance."
"5)The people finally emerge successful in throwing us out of the line."
"\"Corporate America has declared war on the labor movement all across the United States.\""
"A PR Agency could potentially combine everything I’ve mentioned above. PR agencies work with different clients in all types of industries to create PR campaigns. I would have the opportunity to work with a variety of clients on a regular basis. My day to day would be different, which I think I would really enjoy. For some additional information regarding PR agencies, check out PR 20/20."
"*This weekend was quite busy. I think I did a little too much."
"By now we were very close to Solent CTA-4 (2,500′-5,500′) and had to make serious steps to the west…"
"Redeeming Love by Francine Rivers -- I've been wanting to get to this, but I think I will read The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins first, a re-read in preparation for the movie's release in March. I listened to the audiobook the first time, years ago, and I'm not sure if I'm going to listen again, or if I'll read it. I did borrow the book free, thanks to the amazon prime kindle lending library, so I can do whichever. I did enjoy the audio version, but I wonder if reading it might be a different experience."
"You’re OK being single, and you’ve called off the search. The old adage is true: the person who is most ready for love is she who has stopped actively pursuing it. Instead, she has been concentrating on developing her own skills, passions, and happiness. A confident, grounded and interesting person OK being single—not in a resigned or defeated way. It’s more about one have a deep knowing of who you are, your purpose and that while you desire love, you won’t allow yourself to be miserable while you’re single. (Sincerely ladies if you are in that stage in your life where you are still developing your skills, passions, and happiness (getting promoted, going to school, starting a business, etc, do you really think it’s the time to add relationship hunting to the pool of things you are already doing? Add another individual’s life into that hectic schedule? Take care of you, let you do you, and add the other element when you have settled down. Your time will come)"
"* 12-time Grammy Award winner Alicia Keys performs her own extraordinary new version of the Blondie classic “Rapture”."
"It is regrettable that in view of Guan Eng’s dodging of every question from the floor or from that of the MCA President, DAP has thence shifted blame to MCA to divert attention away and help their Secretary General escape the embarrassment of being unable to reply the questions."
"-How do they look this year?"
"Whatever the reason was, I was inspired with broccoli and happy to present it today."
"May we learn from my sister, Kathy… may we all have the courage to soar."
"I end up making myself a couple of pieces of toast. I ask him how his mom is doing. I ask him about his work for the day. He asks me if I want to go out to lunch tomorrow. I ask him what time and he says, lunch time. So I ask again, what time. Then he sets a time. Then there’s nothing left to talk about and it’s only 8 o’clock. I start feeling really sad. And I’m still hungry."
"“However, since then, Mr Miller’s bid team have worked to develop a structure which enables the wishes of creditors to be taken into account whilst ensuring that the Club is taken forward well-capitalised and the requirements of the footballing authorities are met. Mr Miller hopes a solution to all regulatory issues can be found and his team has been in constructive discussions with all relevant parties this week."
"Ian Sutton (English Democrats) 505 (19.4%)"
"I love this series, it's one of my favorites and I can't wait to read the latest addition!-Kole"
"Sometimes visitations are made in times of stress. This may mean that the departed person knows the person is going through life-altering transitions and wants to let them know they are not alone. The connection between the two may have been so strong that when one was upset, the other was upset as well. Therefore, when they visit to let it be known that they are still with them this is a sign that you are not handling everything by yourself."
"Yikes! My daughters are fixers too! Now, I am challenged with teaching them to be less pushy fixers than I was at their ages! Uh Oh!"
"So that's it! It is pretty easy once you get the hang of it. Also, it helps a LOT if you have a hotter straightener. You don't have to spend a lot of money either. Try to find one that heats up to 395 degrees."
"THE UPSIDE-DOWN FOUNTAIN"
"Whew! I just looked at my last post and can't believe it's been two months since I posted a card or at least some silly musings!"
"I wish I had missed"
"So, for those reading this, be aware: RSI can affect all muscles, not just those in the hands. If you're a laptop user who likes sitting writing in armchairs , as I did, or at a desk that's not quite right for you, then get something more appropriate sorted. Believe me, it's really not something you want happening to you."
"Congrats! Please email me so I can get you your prize and don't forget to grab your badge from the sidebar."
"Uncap the bottle."
"“We are open to new suggestions from our authors and hope that every new author to join us will bring with them their knowledge, experiences and pitfalls, which in turn will help us build a reputable and successful Company.”"
"You are a good prospect if you are young (ie under 30), attractive and already have some track record in some creative area. And it helps massively if you can speak fluently. Being dead is not a good selling point if you are trying to get a publishing deal unless you are Jane Austen or George Orwell."
"If you take a bunch of planets (gods) and line them up, putting one of the largest (Jehovah) out in front and all the others behind it, none of the other planets will be seen, only the one right in front of you. If the first planet is exceedingly close to the point of observation, it will fill up a large portion of the sky, so that it will always be visible, no matter in which direction you are looking. Even when not directly looking at it, our peripheral vision will always have the planet in sight. Only by turning our eyes downward towards the ground (towards hell), will the planet’s image no longer be in sight."
"I apologize profusely to ALL of you for just leaving without so much as a \"thank you\"."
"Pizza crust (homemade): $1.04"
"Elvis Costello"
"“A study done on behalf of Kingston Technology showed that when polling 450 IT staff in the UK from a global total of 3,000, found that 73% of experienced staff used USB drives without permission, with 72% not mentioning if the data was corrupted or lost. Of the whole group, only half even thought to employ some form of security policy to these devices or showed adequate awareness of risk with these devices.”"
"We are publishing this article and recommend every Muslim not only to read it himself but to offer every other Muslim brother within his read."
"\"The first key is obviously location,\" Ratner said, citing the opportunity for transportation to support residential or office development."
"With Valentine's Day around the corner, these images are perfect for fun and sexy cards."
"Obviously I listened intently. Even at the age of 2 or 3, I knew this conversation was of significance and importance. Processing the information was the difficult bit. 30 years later I am still processing the information, to some extent."
"dash of dark soy"
"We then went down to the C.T.A lab to do some analysis. First we took a beer and de-gassed, meaning we shook it to remove the CO2, next we filtered it to remove foam. We then poured it to a special beaker and distilled it. From this we were able to find the exact alcohol content, and exact original gravity. One of the best parts was we got to use a density meter, which is a super nerdy machine that tells you the density of a liquid. We then looked at our density with a really accurate laboratory refractometer. This is quite the apparatus. It involves a water bath and different oculars to look at samples and it is all based on light refraction and liquid density. Last we took an extract reading with a really accurate hydrometer."
"Hello, or Howdy as I may soon be saying. My name is Joseph Granado, but most of campus knows me as Juicy J. After 5 years at UTSA, my time here has finally come to an end. I will be transferring to a different graduate program at Texas A&M University, and I wanted to go out with a bang before leaving. So I thought to myself, what could I possibly be involved with that exemplifies who I am as a person. The answer was quite simple, I enjoy dancing and working with kids. This is when FTK (For the Kids Dance Marathon at UTSA) was brought to my attention. I remember watching multiple videos about the organization and knew it was a good fit for me. Not only did I become a new member of the organization, but a large leadership opportunity became available as well. After a quick interview and my enthusiasm regarding innovation, I became the Morale Overall Chairperson for FTK this year."
"who likes liquid sunshine."
"Case in point: Most volunteers assume they will run to let off steam in their new country. However, running here is a cause of stress more so than a release. You get stared at as a foreigner here. These are stares that know no shame. Stares that you can feel without seeing. They are honest and curious stares, but can crack even the kindest of spirits. But a foreigner in shorts? Running? That is unheard of. Running here means being followed by hordes of children, the last thing you need when trying to let off steam."
"When I was seventeen, and in year twelve (Senior in high school), I begged off going to church because ‘I had too much homework’, and I resigned from the reading roster (Yes, I was still reading, it would have upset Mum too much to have stopped, so I did it for her). At seventeen, however, I’d got to a point where I was absolutely convinced there was no god and this was all ridiculous. I knew I couldn’t go on reading anymore, when, EVERY TIME I got up onto the lectern I just wanted to shout “Don’t you all know you’re being CONNED, this is RUBBISH, go HOME”."
"I no longer get the privilege to watch stunning sunsets out of the westbound windows at the white house on the hill, those that made me marvel and hold my breath."
"But maybe I’m being too harsh."
"The Bleeding House takes a tried an true genre piece and makes it interesting again. It doesn’t turn the genre on its head, but reminds us why we fell in love with the serial killer subgenre to begin with. It moves slowly, but the attention to detail by first-time director Philip Gelatt is admirable. The Bleeding House should please any horror fan with a couple extra ounces of patience."
"Wishing Each and Every One of You a Happy Mother's Day!!!"
"It's just a basic top-down, fingering-weight cardigan, and I found a Bruins chart on Ravelry to put on the back."
"Favorite color: Red"
"Thoughtful to the extreme, you are often obsessed with perfection and the rules governing your own personal interests. Your world is black and white. You love to work within a logical system, such as language, computer programming, or mathematics. Manipulating a system that can be completely understood is a distinct pleasure to you, because of your confidence in the underlying veracity of your belief system. Because of your appreciation for logic and order, those who speak or think in a sloppy manner are apt to generate more than their share of wrath. Although very amiable, you are not drawn to friendships out of a sense of personal need. You are just as happy by yourself with a good book or puzzle. Because you are so involved with thought, you will on occasion have difficulty dealing with the day-to-day problems of a normal life. Taking out the trash, doing the dishes, these are often left until the last possible moment, if at all."
"“I’ll show you my autographed picture of Ricky.”"
"5. Tie twine to the top of card and add beads."
"I’ve been wondering recently whether I’ve been unusually unlucky in having the smoking ban completely shatter my social life. I had a wide circle of friends 5 or 6 years ago, and now most of them are gone – all as a result of the smoking ban. I’ve wondered if I was unusually vulnerable because, not having had a home that was suitable for entertaining, I almost always met up with friends at pubs and restaurants, and was therefore almost completely dependent on those places. In addition, as a single man, I didn’t have a wife and family home to fall back on."
"Let me first start off by saying that our first experience with a pediatrician just after Nora was born while we were still in the hospital did not go over well at all. Perhaps it was his inexperience with trisomy 18, fear of the unknown? I’m not sure what the problem was, but I am sure that no parent, ourselves included, appreciate being offered condolences on their living, breathing child that is very much alive! I won’t bother you with the specifics, other than to say the short visit was very upsetting."
"Sam Mendes (American Beauty))"
"The ag program takes Harvest Moon's spent grain, sparing the brewpub disposal costs, and by feeding it to the cattle the program raises, the spent grain doesn't wind up in landfills."
"A good web interface also determines how easy it is to play music at work or home while you are sitting a computer, which is where I listen to 99% of my music."
"Ours is loosely based on the Samuel Smith Winter Welcome Ale. Big malt and low hopping. Big alcohol yet restrained alcoholic warmth. This year, 40 pounds of Italian Plum was added during the boil which added fermentable sugar and carried some flavor through, perceived as citrus sweetness."
"I must feed her, me, you: and love"
"I'm always interested in the stories about Spitzer and others like him, because they highlight the same question I tried to explore in my novel, TELL NO LIES: Why does a guy who \"has everything\" do something to screw it all up? What motivates him? The answers are different for everyone, of course, including for Jack, my main character, but I think there are certain traits they share in addition to the specific motivations they might have. There's a great sentence in Jon Meacham's \"The Editor's Desk\" piece at the front of the issue: \"The route between political ambition and sexual hunger is among the shortest in human experience.\" It's also one of the most fascinating, I think, which is why authors write books about it and news magazines print cover stories about it, over and over again."
"So here's to what the future brings,"
"The more religious one becomes the more dangerous and the more violent he may become. Is that a true assumption? It seems to be as we look at today’s’ text, Acts 22:3."
"imagined sins,"
"Vida Bingham"
"In any event, when we learn to tolerate each other’s religious differences, we might also learn to respect other differences and assist those in need."
"The police unfairly brutalize Rambo because he is generally uncooperative. Their actions, particularly an attempt to dry save Rambo, cause a flashback to a torture experience from Rambo’s POW experience. He assaults the officers and breaks out of the police station."
"for hayrides and drinking yummy apple cider!"
"Purchasing a digital camera requires a certain amount of knowledge about the products specifications. It is not a consumer good that can be blindly purchased, but it is a consumer durable, an electronic gadget, that comes in the umbrella of technology that is always changing day by day."
"The Pros and Cons of Replica Watches"
"A kiss for a kiss."
"Joy’s character was very quirky with her dilemma she got herself into. I wasn’t sure how I felt about Christian but definitely Raphael was the winner for me. But there was a little heart break at the end that you hope in the series MacAlister will fix."
"Then the soldiers of the governor took Jesus into the governor’s headquarters, and they gathered the whole battalion before him. And they stripped him and put a scarlet robe on him, and twisting together a crown of thorns, they put it on his head and put a reed in his right hand. And kneeling before him, they mocked him, saying, “Hail, King of the Jews!” And they spit on him and took the reed and struck him on the head. And when they had mocked him, they stripped him of the robe and put his own clothes on him and led him away to crucify him."
"The incident had a tremendous negative effect on everything in my life: work, relationships, physical health and mental health. So much so, that in the 5 months since it happened, I have literally gone through the 5 stages of grief: Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression and finally Acceptance."
"5. Speaking of ass, CELLULITE."
"Turn off the TV while you’re cleaning and organizing, and let your answering machine field your calls."
"Yeah, I just wrote this in the parking lot after work..."
"Your world be shattered with nary a note"
"ravenousness. Why is a raven like"
"While there will always be down times of sadness and scandal in the world of sports, there will always be times of incredible highs and elation. As sports fans we should take notice of joy in moments like a professional league draft, the victories of the playoffs, and the triumphs of those who break records."
"KIND OF LIKE THE MAN IN MY STORY PIC OF THE DAY....."
"Jane Doe: “John Doe stole my car. He was arrested. Now is is out to get me.”"
"I’ve learned that I really need that reading time to allow my mind to escape into another world without deadlines, and bills to pay! LOL When I don’t make the time to read for pleasure, I can feel my frustrations creeping up on me. My fuse gets shorter, and when I get home at night to write and/or edit I have a hard time focusing."
"The Jews again picked up rocks to stone him."
"Figurati! I don't believe!"
"Now a new phenomenon has lifted its ugly head in the political arena — the use of thugs, gangsters and hooligans to intimidate and frighten, sometimes violently, civil society and NGOs carrying out their legitimate activities. Dissenters, protesters and even opposition leaders have become victims of these thugs."
"This is an experiment with using a regular deck of playing cards for purposes of divination. I have a single question/issue here. I’ve never used playing cards to do a reading with before, but there’s a first time for everything! I don’t have much time today, so this will have to be a quickie!"
"Local knowledge is richer than any well-researched guidebook. Don’t be afraid to ask for help, tips, or to just set a conversation with a local. Picking their brain will teach you a lot about their customs, culture, and more. Plus, it can be a genuine local experience."
"Special mention must go to Jessica and the trashiest swimsuit of all time, though:"
"Youhou! I fulfilled resolution n°5! Yes, I did it! I finally received MY Tiffany’s charm: an adorable reindeer with a tiny, little red nose. It may seem as a simple “go-to-the-shop” resolution to you, but it isn’t that easy when the Tiffany’s shop in Paris doesn’t have the charm in its stock and the one in NY doesn’t ship overseas. But some stalking and a fake reputation of being a good client helps a lot…"
"Junkyard"
"And then I saw ‘Warbreaker’. Sucked in by the front-cover tag-line, ‘Magic as you’ve never seen it before.’, I read the blurb. It describes a chromatic magic system, based on ‘breath’ that can only be collected one unit at a time, and magic wielders who draw their power by leeching the colour of objects around them. It sounded like absolute genius. Better still, the novel was a one off. A surreptitious read through of the exciting and intriguing prologue left me in no doubt, ‘Warbreaker’ was a book I had to read. A bit of digging around on the internet, shows this is one of Sanderson’s less popular novels. All I can say is that the others must be something special, as I found Warbreaker entrancing from start to finish."
"In the mist of arguably the most eventful off-season in NFL history, Peyton Manning finally announced the team the he may end his career with. Manning was cut by the Indianapolis Colts after 14 seasons, multiple MVP awards and a Super Bowl championship. The main reason for Manning being cut was due to some neck complications that forced him to sit out the entire 2011 season which the Colts went 2-14, not to mention the Colts were set to pay Manning $28 Million on March 8th as a roster bonus."
"Crowd: Yarr."
"Preheat over to 350 degrees F. Lightly grease a 9 x 13 inch pan."
"....If I were that man, the woman was my child, and that wine was coffee, you would have a clear picture of my afternoon yesterday. (alright, well maybe the wine was there....)"
"This is only a guess but I’m hoping — fervently — it’s because it’s never had sex."
"This unique way to get the attention of wayward students appeared to be a favorite of a King High School assistant principal, although whether it is considered corporal punishment is up for debate."
"6.How far did you park from here?"
"1/2 teaspoon of salt"
"The greatest part is that Adele is a CD that my husband, daughter and I all listen to in the car. My daughter doesn't understand the complexity of the lyrics for \"My One and Only,\" but is hooked on the vocal fluctuations of \"He Won't Go.\""
"As I was looking through my file of blog ideas for what to write for today, I came across this post on Disney Princesses. It’s pretty long, but it uses the princesses to describe the dating scene for women. The first lesson – Don’t be a Doormat for Guys is the one that inspired this post. The author uses Snow White as the example for that lesson."
"0 of 0 people found the following review helpful."
"tried to reformat my USB and so it did with corrupting it. It gave me a warning that installation cannot proceed because the USB has an error or something. I have"
"The passenger apologized and said, \"I didn't realize that a little tap would scare you so much.\""
"Causes for it becoming more popular will be:"
"Since then, the city has paid her more than $120,000 to stay home despite a policy stating that non-union employees charged criminally should be placed on unpaid leave or reassigned, reports The Miami Herald."
"Juju - Medium brown/taupe shimmer"
"Larry"
"Mutta finished all the exams. Right when he bought a new phone, Hibito called him and invited him to hang out at the NASA headquarters in Texas."
"Meanwhile, shares of SMRT Corp Ltd has dropped to a 29-month low, after it posted a sharp fall in quarterly earnings and reduced its final dividend, prompting several brokers to cut their ratings on the stock."
"WHAT WOULD THE WALLS OF OUR HOME SAY?"
"having it regarded"
"Me: \"Great! If you're going to query you should really do it by email. Do you need our submission guidelines?\""
"The darkness of the sky goes on"
"But as I've researched the recent hysteria surrounding \"pink slime\", I've discovered that the reality more closely resembles the second picture than the first. So what is \"pink slime,\" and why am I so okay with feeding it to my family even after so many people have been quick to condemn it?"
"flicks a tail like a handkerchief"
"give to the Lord glory and praise,"
"Following are excerpts from addresses by Islamic scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Al-Hiwar TV on February 15, 2008 and on Al-Jazeera TV on February 18, 2008."
"Ephesians 2:1-7"
"While Afghanistan and Pakistan bear the brunt of U.S. violence, U.S. drone attacks have also taken place in Yemen, Libya, Iraq and Somalia. In all cases, the violent attacks are illegal and in flagrant violation of international law. Terrorism is the illegitimate use of violent aggression against innocent people to achieve political objectives. With complete media complicity, drone terrorism is shrouded in secrecy and is leading to “boundless war without end”."
"Financing both the purchase and repairs, while approving as many buyers as possible with low down payments and other financing options has been another hurdle toward getting the housing market turned back around."
"Extravagant but still simplicity to amaze on another area."
"50′s/60′s – Tight fit, blue jeans, Tshirts, slim suites and pants"
"3. Apps: Selection vs. Control"
"Some people are comparing Mayor Sara Duterte to action king FPJ. Now that’s what you call South Poe."
"The licensor, except as noted below, usually bears responsibility for the cost of filing, prosecuting and maintaining licensed patents. This includes future patent applications if improvements are included in the agreement."
"Level 4: Recovers 40 HP and 12 MP every 4 seconds."
"The first dreadskull is placed next the model as the wounded marker. Any further counters go on the models profile card (or on a bit of paper with their name on it) to keep them off the board. Since level 1 and 2 models can only have 1 wound (and die otherwise), they can all share the same profile card. Speaking of which, here is a peek at the new design..."
"Jesse: (Pointing at himself.) I think I’m one of those guys."
"Ciarán Parkes"
"I also think it's the point the panelists completely missed, since they bragged about numbers and pointed out the face they would even bar people from commenting, the number of people unfollowing them, and so forth."
"Most people attribute these sorts of bad habits that children come by to either their father or that kid down the block who doesn't get bathed frequently enough."
"In short, this CD is a breathtaking collection of the bands that Acadiana locals go dance to every weekend – though it is not a collection of your Grandfather’s Cajun songs. It is a wonderful CD. I don’t envy the undertaking, selecting which song’s made Volume One of the greatest hits – I trust the remarkable trio is already working on Volume Two."
"So tonight I wanted to make him something packed with veggies and good stuff, something he will like and eat, and also will be good for him."
"The layers of undergarments worn in the 18th century created a protective barrier between one's body and the world. The panier in this sculpture spans nearly four feet at the base making it awkward to move as I found out when I tried on the outfit. As well, I gained an appreciation for why 18th century women needed help to dress! (I photographed myself wearing my creations and showed these self-portraits to Christopher who thought them worthy of being blown up life-size a la Cindy Sherman. That's my next project! In the meantime, here is a documentation photo of the dress.)"
"Our Multicultural Art Lessons this week had a focus on Australia and Aboriginal Dot Paintings."
"Kinglike art thou ?"
"Now will you let it hang out in your yard? Ok then, here’s yet another reason…It’s DELICIOUS!!"
"How do you set the limit?"
"04 Get on Out"
"Ownership : Google, Manufacturers"
"Do you believe that everything happens for a reason? I guess I'm somewhere in between the God as puppet master in the sky and everything is random. I understand the attraction to the notion that everything is part of a larger plan - that all things have purpose. It makes hard things make more sense than if they were just things that happened for no apparent reason. But the trick to that is, that then you must believe in a God that does bad things to people for some unidentifiable and mysterious purpose. And even if it is supposedly for \"our own good\", that's really hard for me to swallow. I might buy the God as parent rationale for that except that that's pretty limited. There are some things parents just don't do - even for teaching or disciplinary purposes. And I don't think God does them either. I think that God can work through bad things for our good, and that she does - but not that she causes bad things to happen. And I do believe that there are things that God does, in working in and through our lives that we aren't meant to understand."
"Matteo \"Wet Cat\" Yazge"
"(TRUTH: I’ll remember St.Valentine’s feast day because there’s nothing else that would make me happy or make me want to celebrate that day. Not anymore.)"
"What the hell is happening to me? I have a huge crush (no pun intended) on the portly Brooke Elliot, who plays the starring role on this hefty series (again, no pun intended). The show really does give you a mouthful (no pun, please) of entertainment, as it is “dramedy” that touches all the right buttons at the right moments. It’s got everything going for it, plus the fact it is one of the few shows my wife and I can watch together – she’s more of a soap opera queen."
"Other unknown secrets or fun objects"
"There is excellent news to report, for those who like to read stories that I’ve written."
"I spoke with Matisyahu over the phone while in Chicago and he was very patient with the brief connection issues we had to accommodate. Immediately I was at ease knowing that I’d be speaking to someone less concerned with how much time or money they don’t have. In fact, money wasn’t even brought up despite trying to get him to talk about file-sharing."
"Lemon, chili pepper, ginger and even cinnamon… I can accept that I’ve missed the first few days and flavors of City Bakery’s annual hot chocolate festival."
"After which we found a handy waterfall to wash our hands."
"Back in the Camp at the boarding house Pandora, its recently instated new proprietor, found a trio of new faces arriving with fresh introductions in store. Ruan Endean had the look of a hard-bitten soldier and had served as a drummer for a time, moving from outfit to outfit in various military deployments; when the opportunity came, he spoke of being taken in under Gregor’s tutelage–not unlike Pandora herself, it seemed. Now Ruan and his counterparts had arrived with the same-such mentor and been instructed to seek out the drow herself."
"Chapter two told me how the Tardis (Dr Who's time machine/space craft) could be bigger on the inside than on the outside, examined the possibility of teleporting, and then looked at how the doctor might manage his toilet facilities by describing exactly what goes on aboard the shuttle and space stations (it involves funnels, pipes, leg rests, clamps and vacuum suction)."
"For those of us who used to just accumulate air miles strictly by going to the liquor store, I’m sure you’ve realized that by the time you are 95 you may have earned just enough to buy a gift card to go to the movies."
"The opening act was a band from Texas who I had never heard of, The Eli Young Band. They were really good."
"The real fireworks will start when Egypt's Islamist Republic links up with a similar Libyan one next door and combines Egypt's population with Libya's oil wealth to form the basis for what the Islamists have dreamed of since the days of al-Banna - the beginnings of the new Caliphate."
"Regardless of what you decide to do, be sure to keep it short. Here’s an example:"
"James Dalton, head of property insurance at the ABI, said:"
"Just a final introductory point – a lot of what I say today is informed by my experience at NBNi & Rowman & Littlefield – but for clarity the opinions I am expressing are my own and not necessarily those of the business."
"Last night, the vomiting got really bad, so they intubated her to get the stuff out. The good thing is that, when they did the gastrointestinal scan, the hernia corrected itself to some degree, and the stomach temporarily popped back into place. So, she's feeling better now, although she still can't eat or drink anything, and she is sort of in and out of consciousness. (My sister says that she looks MUCH better than she did yesterday, though.)"
"Another fun experiment was using the Night Landscape mode in broad daylight with super bright sunshine. It darkens the picture at the same time the slower shutter speed results in the wispy waterfall."
"I know Mother's secrets now,"
"Yes, I brought that one home. And it was with this book that I experienced the moment that would solidify my lifelong endeavour to read anything and everything the man wrote."
"and my dreams are sails that I point towards my true north,"
"God has blessed our family, to be sure. But I can't get past the fact that as I'm struggling to pay off the debt I've managed to rack back up again in the past several years, this money could have been put to much better use. Often, I imagine what my life would be like if I could say, \"Hey, family, let's go out to dinner tonight,\" and be able to pay cash without worrying if I'll have enough at the end of the money without relying on credit cards."
"There’s a yearning again"
"The second one is my first pantograph that I think is good enough to actually at least donate. It's called Flipping ferns. I think I\"m actually getting better, but still need more practice. I have a chair on wheels now and that seemed to help a lot. It's pretty hard to quilt when your looking at paper and not the quilt! This one is made of flannel, both sides, nice and snugly."
"How Do Dinosaurs Love Their Dogs - I figure we have to be kind to our dogs too!"
"Where have all the parents gone?"
"Cloak of Wind and Beacom Quest"
"With lead singer Adam Olenius singing about leaving and searching for something real, it’s fitting that the music video takes place on an ocean-faring freighter. With nods to the ships port of call and life on the open seas, the video feels cold and welcoming at the same time. Kind of how I imagine life in Scandinavia to be."
"Remove the cheesecake from the oven and cool in the pan completely. Run a knife around the edge of the pan to loosen the cheesecake before removing it. Refrigerate at least 4 hours before servings."
"What: Maryland Brewer's Oktoberfest"
"£54 million? It is hard not to snort. It is particularly hard for Mrs Johnson not to snort, given the mess the surgeon made of her face. Yet despite her suffering, this is the point where my sympathy for her plight starts to shrivel like a skewer of dried-up shrews on the great barbecue of life."
"Without further adieu,"
"As we age though, and this is another aspect of life that’s been written about ad nauseam, we lose that sense of adventure through our acquisition of knowledge. As my mind grew, I slowly realized that the vast expanse of the forest behind the cornfield where I grew up was actually very tiny, and the huge river that we used as a landmark was actually a little creek (Wilmot Creek). I started mapping what our adventures in my mind and realized that everything that I thought was huge and wonderful and beautiful, was actually not that big at all. Still beautiful though, I can’t take that away from it. So I started looking beyond my backyard, into the rest of the world and found that exploring the whole thing would be impossible and that I’d never truly be able to be a part of the rest of the world the way I was a part of that forest when I was a kid because of the limitations we all have to live within. Time, money, life: They all get in the way. Soon you realize that adventure is impossible and even if it were, you’d never be a discoverer. You’d be a tourist."
"We're going where the action is! We'll not only be on the GABF festival floor, but from many of the events outside the festival proper. In fact, some of the best parts of the GABF experience are these off-site parties, special tappings and get togethers hosted by breweries from around the country."
"I finally picked up my Lou Brock auto. I've always wanted his autograph he was way before my time but I've always really liked to see footage and photos of him playing. I had another card in my cross hair it was a Panini Hard Signed autographed card. I am not the biggest fan of sticker autos but the fact that this card featured Cardinals Logos (unlike the Panini) and was roughly 60% cheaper. I went with this one! Very happy I did."
"Anyway Corbet, if you do happen to come out of hiding and read this little old blog from little old me, I want you to know that the door is always open, and if you are ever ready to let go of your, um, 'pride' and apologize to me, I would be quite happy to accept it and would be quite happy to re-engage you in communication and help you try to salvage what little good reputation you may have left in this province, should you ever want to try to salvage it."
"He makes us anything we want, the clown on the stilts. Hearts or dogs or swords. Whatever we can think of."
"I have a busier week coming up next week and I can't wait to tell you all about what I did."
"If this program goes according to plan, Pahlow hopes it can eventually expand courses to other district high schools."
"Quick nature note: indigo bunting, eastern goldfinch and the first fireflies of the season!"
"She shook her head. \"Oh, darlin', my memory isn't what it used to be. I know I knew at one time, but I can't think of it now.\""
"This would be a huge mistake."
"Social Security is not sustainable over the long term at current benefit and tax rates. Beginning in 2010, the program is projected to pay more in benefits and expenses than it collects in taxes each year. By 2036 it is estimated that the trust funds will be exhausted. At that point, payroll taxes and other income will flow into the fund but will be sufficient to pay only 77% of program costs. As reported in the 2011 Trustees Report, the projected shortfall over the next 75 years is 2.22% of taxable payroll. (ss.gov)"
"All of the latest technology and R&D available to us was implemented in the 2500D — years of experience in the SPL lanes and in customer vehicles has all been taken into account. We feel that the 2500D is a very wort… Read More >>"
"acute, strong, or vehement, as sensations, feelings, or emotions: intense anger."
"Of the five senses, I often find myself completely forgetting about smell. Isn't it said that smell is very important in unlocking memories? How awesome is that- it's a perfect way to lead into memories in your WIP."
"How do you pray “genuine heartfelt prayers”? - Simply by keeping yourself in the love of God. If the love of God is in you, you will never pray hypocritical or selfish prayers. Just talk to your heavenly Father as candidly and intimately as a young child, nestled on Daddy’s lap, would talk to his earthly father. Let me ask you, How would you feel if every day your child pulled out a pre-written statement to dryly recite to you , rather than pouring out the events and emotions of that day? God wants to hear from your heart. When your prayer life is pleasing to God, He will reward you openly (Matt. 6:6)."
"4 nonetheless"
"Please take time to visit her blog and browsing her store. The quality of the dies and stamps are the best! I was just a guest designer on her blog for her Friday Tip of the day so check out all the goodies posted from her DT and Guest Designers."
"He called his Station House Officer, and was told ‘whatever it was, deal with it’ because the SHO was busy somewhere else, as usual."
"7) We like a good visual."
"We are free to speak, we are free to worship. We don't realize the great honor that is ours. But our freedom came at a cost. Many died defending this great land. We have gone outward and defended other nations who cannot stand up against the evil that pushes against them, as well. We are defenders of freedom. We are known for it, even criticized. But we are free."
"I will say also that not every child around here thinks only of getting. The local papers have been a bit happier in the past month, with titles like \"The true spirit of Christmas\". This is about a young boy from up here who has cancer and considers himself one of the lucky ones as he will be home for Christmas. For this reason he started an appeal for presents to be given to the children who will not be at home this Christmas. And of course this has had tremendous support and despite not-ideal weather conditions, everything arrived!"
"I have come to the conclusion that lepers are simply make believe creatures, like the unicorn, the griffin, and the platypus. If they do exist, it’d be difficult for them to fully blend in, especially in the business world. If you find someone who refuses to shake your hand, perhaps they might suffer from leprosy. A man who regularly shuns high fives must be a leper."
"He said: \"I told the candidates and the parties that they had to abide by the election rules.\""
"Building so old, possible asbestos"
"Our appetizer were the bleu cheese potato chips. We had been looking at few other items but I just couldn’t resist a bleu cheese fondue and crispy, homemade potato chips. They were quick to be delivered and we immediately started crunching away. The potato chips were crisp with a heavier weight and flavorful with each bite as they were seasoned with something more than your typical salt and pepper. They were great on their own, but I really did enjoy the creamy and decadent bleu cheese fondue all over the chips. It wasn’t sharp like I imagined it to be, but still rich in flavor. Bleu cheese crumbles gave it the subtle sharpness that I was expecting. I liked the contrast of creamy and crunchy. It was also quite a large portion as we didn’t finish knowing we had a good meal ahead. But even with that being said, we also were given a basket of their breads. I had a nibble (okay, a whole slice) of their toasted cinnamon bread. It may have had some raisin components, but it was dried and delicious. Imagine taking a loaf of cinnamon bread and slicing it incredibly thin and drying it out. That’s what you got, but the flavor is so intense that it was a sweet treat for the beginning of the meal."
"Pewter jumbo eyelets (#108432, $9.95)"
"Now as this is in a tiny hamlet, with small streets, the only way the driver thought he could maneuver was to put the nose of the truck in the field opposite the house."
"My step-mother came out some time after that but I couldn’t remember what she did because the popping pain lights in my eyes became too much."
"Have you heard anyone say that during a party? I did. I heard it from ME! Me and my sisters has been preparing for the party last Sunday for ages, it was actually a Birthday Party; a First Birthday Party. From the invitation, motiff, color of the curtains, balloons, cake, the menu; what were not prepared for was the celebrator getting sick, and apparently the throng of uninvited people who attented the event."
"I was, I’ll admit, depressed by this. Plus frustrated in an all too familiar way. And feeling trapped."
"That's all."
"my sweet, handsome & talented husband helped me put together."
"“Yıllarca durdu kızın yanında. Çocuğu ölünce"
"In the family of God, this is how it should be. Oh the change that we could see in our lives if only…"
"The \"puzzle piece\" roof design fits on the building with very little seam and is easy to take on and off."
"Since I am rarely able to tune in for a full hour, I subscribe to most of these shows as podcasts so that I can listen to them on my own schedule. Tonight I caught up on a few episodes of “This American Life” while driving to and from a meeting in Framingham. I’m more than a little behind on the show. Today I finished the annual holiday Poultry Slam episode in which they told the tale of a vicious wild turkey whose reign of terror over a small suburb ended in a shower of bullets from the local police force. I decided to skip the next episode in my queue, a collection of modern Christmas tales that seemed not at all appropriate for a May evening drive. Which is how I ended up listening to “Mr. Daisey Goes to the Apple Factory.”"
"Level 17: Recovers 170 HP and 51 MP every 4 seconds."
"Book: The Giver by Lois Lowry"
"Favorite TV Comedy Actress"
"The system is hidebound, expensive and elitist, they say. Peer review can take months, journal subscriptions can be prohibitively costly, and a handful of gatekeepers limit the flow of information. It is an ideal system for sharing knowledge, said the quantum physicist Michael Nielsen, only “if you’re stuck with 17th-century technology.” (…)"
"My coming with delight;"
"DD Fabulous Fruits $10.00"
"Through the rain these past weeks, I saw who my real friends are and how blessed I am to have such an awesome support system!"
"The iPad tried to auto correct “heart” because I mistyped it and turn it into “heat.” Obviously it believes I should type what’s going in with other parts of my body. . ."
"For today's masculine card, I based the design on March's Sketch for You to Try and used the new Furry Dress Up Fhiona. I'm not quite sure if I was going for a monkey or a bear but it's cute none the less :) I made a little flag for my sentiment and attached it with a wood button. After I had put the card together I found it needed a little something up the left hand panel so I added a row of zig zag stitches with my sewing machine."
"Welcome to the annual, Carolyn and Joe Show, Christmas Special! Tune in to see who has the holiday spirit and why and listen to the story about “Sad Santa”. This episode is a little out of control…with holiday cheer and more! Not an episode to miss. Enjoy!"
"Don’t Eat the Butt #4 – Real Writers Never Struggle by Kristen Lamb – I know this post is a couple weeks old, but it is still worth a mention. Don’t let the word “Writers” in the title fool you – this post is for anyone and everyone. A great lesson that we all need to be reminded of."
"- Speeches – we loved the toasts given at our wedding, they were all very special and my brother’s was hilarious."
"4. Blank Gift Tags/Labels (4 designs)"
"You Speak My Language, Morphine (I still miss Mark Sandman)"
"The evening was dark and still, except for the occasional distant rumble of thunder. The only light on the porch was the glow from the screens of our electronic gizmos."
"The internet boom is creating a technological language around what used to just be part of or integrated into basic human interaction. Will we soon need to be reminded to breathe too, before we pick up the phone to call? Or perhaps to go to the bathroom when we feel the urge? If we have a relationship with our children, and our caretaker (which presumably we would if we are leaving our children in their care) do we really need “tools” for how to function when we are home or away? We are developing a science and an industry around what already is, and spending a tremendous amount of time congratulating ourselves on the packaging of what just is. There is something eerily unnerving about a woman streaming into my home, appearing on my desk, and telling me that I should communicate and have a relationship with the person with whom I entrust my children."
"* Riding mowers are not made for small people. (Ibuprofen, please!)"
"Ink: Luck Limeade, Melon Mambo"
"And our kids are learning less than ever in these public schools."
"Onion - 1 medium sized"
"“so heavenly minded of no earthly good”"
"So far, 2 lbs lost."
"The Unhappy Hour"
"“I think it’s time to put this to rest,” said Debbie Huggins, who fought back tears as she and her sister, Cathy Durham, remembered their father and asked board members to deny Selsor’s request for clemency."
"2. Dice the onion and cut the chorizo into small, half-moon slices."
"April 19, 2012..how is that possible? I was just packing for Artfest a few days ago! These photos are of our home away from home at Fort Worden, The Madrona 277~! We had a huge amount of space, a fantastic view and best of all is that it was a wonderful place to meet friends and make new ones! Prior to Artfest several of us met in Seattle to become real life friends, not just facebook/skype friends. Carlanda Brown Williamson came from Boulder City, NV, Jodi Kincaid from the Portland, OR area, Lyn (Livvie)"
"God loves us and delights in us....who we are and our smallest efforts!"
"Give your hearts, but not into each other's keeping."
"Speaking words of wisdom"
"There is something really clever about this beginning–perhaps a bit Tyler Durden clever –but there’s also something problematic here that set off the entire chain of thoughts in my head. Let me try to handle them in an orderly fashion."
"I think that a bunch of the rest of this pattern is going to go much faster as the scales are no where near as elaborate as on the green dragon and there is sky over water which is much more solid."
"If you look around, many Catholics and priests, maybe 40%, maybe not as high in the older priests, deny the Real Presence. Inevitably, those who deny the Real Presence will also deny the divinity of Christ."
"I used to work as a Dental Receptionist and Office Manager until I got ill in my late 30's."
"Amit Bansal answers, You can focus more on projects and hands on experience. Look for internship options as well because all this will add value to your profile."
"- Avoid chemicals"
"1tbsp Ginger (chopped)"
"7-Have my health and well being full center. (Looks like: Go back into my boxing training and go to my capoiera classes every week . Stick to it. Get all my check-ups, find my dentist, eat healthy and drink lots of water daily.)"
"Financial professionals understand that the ‘long-term care discussion’ must take place with their clients. Now, with life and annuity-based products, the context of that discussion can be one of reallocating existing assets instead of tapping into precious monthly income to pay for such protection."
"We never travel with a car seat. For all the times coming to Jamaica with the boys, we never brought it along. The one time my wife, Wendy, convinced me to bring it, this happens. And to think how frustrated and obstinate I had been about"
"And please don't remind me in a comment that the dude in the picture above is a \"flasher\", not a \"streaker\". I don't want to hear it."
"Tracey Hotpants: Is that whatcha do to girls in your chateau?"
"SARTOR C, TISSOT-DUPONT H, ZANDOTTI C, MARTIN F, ROQUES P, DRANCOURT M. Use of a mobile cart influenza program for vaccination of hospital employees. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2004; 25: 918-922."
"Besides the idea, the thing that keeps me fueled when I am creating is MUSIC! Here’s a list of just some tunes I played while working: Adele “Hometown Glory”/ Amel Larrieux “Weary”/ Dwele “Let Your hair Down”/ The Fugees “Fu Gee La”/ Gnarls Barkley “Run (I’m a Natural Disaster)”/ James Brown “Doing it to Death”/ John Legend “Heaven”/ Justin Timberlake “LoveStoned”/ Lauryn Hill “Everything is Everything”/ Massive Attack “Angel” (Youtube video BELOW), “Bullet Boy” & “Inertia Creeps”/ Mos Def “History” (with Talib Kweli),“Casa Bey” & “Umi”/ Run DMC “Run‘s House”, “Jam-Master Jay” & “You Be Illin”/ Saint Germain “Rose Rouge” & “Sure Thing”/ Santogold “L.E.S Artistes” & “I’m a Lady” (with Trouble Andrew). Go buy or download! Maybe if I were not a visual artist, I would dabble in the musical arts…"
"Woke up this morning, turned on the TV"
"And look. Jefferey Campbell could probably even put me in them, alright? It’s not the designer altogether, it’s the particular shoe I despise. Why would you wear that other abomination when you could wear this??? So cute! I honestly almost bought these but realized I don’t have money for anything other than whiskey and student loan payments."
"Please spare a few moments if you can and go visit Jessica's Blog, and don't forget to let her know you stopped by. Thank you so much Jessica for agreeing to be our GD for this challenge."
"You have gone from successful businesswoman to design star in a matter of years. What is next for Kim Myles?"
"Coincidentally, this would come to tie in with conversations we’ve had lately on an entirely unrelated subject or so one would think, her education. Up until the past several weeks she indicated upon graduating her intentions were to dive directly into her chosen profession, working at the drive-up window at Taco Bell. More recently, however, she seems to be leaning more toward hair stylist or esthetician. Personally, I have no issues as to what a person does, as long as they pursue doing something. Ideally it could be hoped that on some level it makes them happy (it is work after all), doesn’t require posting of bail, and provides a fairly decent living that has no cardboard sign involved. A bright and lovely girl, I’m sure her direction will become less muddied with a few more years under her belt. At fourteen I wanted to be a nurse, a psychic or an archaeologist and look at me now. Smile."
"It is important to move toward the achievement of global democracy for the sake of both global policymaking and the overall legitimacy of world order. To move away from violent geopolitics, acknowledging changes in the status of governments by reliance on soft power criteria leadership of international institutions has never been more useful. From this perspective the selection of Dr. Kim, even if he lives up to his considerable potential for a turn toward global empathy, is one more lost opportunity to move beyond the West-centric structuring of world order after World War II."
"I used some eating apples that we were given by my friend Elizabeth when we were last in France. She gave us loads and we brought a lot of them home with us. They’re absolutely delicious and I think possibly cox’s orange pippins."
"Have a sweet day!"
"Gold Bond Ultimate Sheer Ribbons $2/1"
"And hence, I just tell my love about for my cigarette and my girl,"
"I suggested to Sally that she might think about what kind of animal a haggis might be derived from."
"of fat babies and tourists,"
"of triumph and recompense"
"Maize Oil extracted from corn germs of Central America, Maize Oil delivers emollient and anti-oxidant active ingredients for ultimate shine."
"By now the evening was almost dark. The house had descended into shadow and seemed profoundly empty. It no longer smelt like home but like the dust that settles on the top of an old box. It was a place of sadness and pain; a place where a man sat who had lost his children and didn't know what to do. A place where the owner didn't want to live there anymore. I let the letter box fall down and looked at Dan. “Come on, lets get outta here.” I said dejectedly, and without speaking a word of what we had seen we ran off and caught the bus back home."
"Good Stuff!"
"In the good old days of longer lead times and higher fees, I would try to apply this method to case studies in children's non-fiction. But it's not always viable. If I need the story of a child in Eritrea, how am going to find it? Not by going to Eritrea, I can tell you. For the last few years, most case studies have come from the web - of course. Short bits, I'd quote directly and credit with the original name. If I took a lot, and didn't have permission to use the case study, I'd change the names and vary the wording to avoid any permissions disputes. Do you think that's dishonest? How much time do you think someone can allocate to chasing permissions from websites that don't reply when writing a book for £1500 in four weeks? Publishers get what they pay for - actually, they get a lot more than they pay for - and there are corners that have to be cut."
"The world’s voracious demand for British character actors threatens to strip the globe of its entire supply by 2050."
"gifts for Christmas. I couldn't tell"
"Oh, and the labels? I just made those myself with my I-get-by, taught-myself design skills."
"Another writer on whom you can always rely. All the novels featuring the Casson family are highly recommended. You can collect the whole set. I like this one best for no better reason than that I adore the title."
"If you've had enough of \"lower slower Delaware\" all together, you can take the ferry near Rehoboth up to Cape May on the south Jersey Shore and find a nice beach bar that serves Bud Light Lime by the gallon. You could always drive back to DC, Philly or Baltimore to visit Church Key, Yard's or Clipper City respectively. New York is about four hours away as well if you want to make a long weekend out of it all."
"Anyone else ever taken the Real Age test? Mine is 29.6 (my actual age is 35.4). Sounds good, right? But there are a few…issues. First off, who designed the nutritional analysis and why do they think it’s still 1965? They ask you to estimate how many servings of various vegetables you get per week, but offer only about 10 to choose from. OK broccoli is cool, cabbage sure, but where are all the other options? What about eggplant and zucchini and snow peas and bean sprouts and yams and…So they end up telling me I don’t get enough veggies, when I eat a couple of servings of veggies for both lunch and dinner. Do I need to start adding broccoli to my breakfast now?"
"Accessories: baker’s twine, buttons"
"1/2 salt salt"
"The CLASS Act was not yet law at the time of this meeting; however, the general consensus was that the CLASS Act would help to raise consumer awareness."
"As you ascend, the view of the steep rocky crags and lush forests and (in spring) rushing water below is breathtaking. The ride is gentle like a balloon ride, yet I heard people express fear about the height and the weight on the cables. Our first link is the 238 foot tower a mile distant."
"Make bird treats"
"Smart healthy epidermis therapy is all that is required to fix the getting older epidermis issues. As we know, there is no better therapy than avoidance of the issue. It is also true in the case of getting older epidermis issues too. There are many elements that can be done to prevent the getting older epidermis issues in the first place. There are many anti-aging activities that you can do to keep the epidermis healthy and prevent getting older. Including sufficient intake of anti-aging meals and anti-aging natural vitamins for epidermis are some of them. The market is overloaded with numerous anti-aging healthy epidermis therapy products, you can pick the one that suits your type of epidermis to take care of your getting older epidermis issues."
"This month, our blog hop challenge was Mother's Day! I was really excited to get a jump start on my Mother's Day presents for my mom and my mother in law. I think they're both getting the same gift from us this year---gift certificates for their Nook/Kindles!! I wanted to add a handmade touch, so I came up with a gift card holder and a jar of Vanilla Brown Sugar body scrub!"
"From scorching 32C a couple of days back we went to 15 degrees today and heavy rains. Although the heat kinda got to me at one point, I actually haven't had enough of sunshine (literally) in my life. I have also not been cooking too much, simply because I don't feel like it. After researching and writing and editing 2 to 3 articles a day, and an hour gone swimming, then grocery shopping, I am pooped by the end of the day. There is no energy left to whip up something nice, leave alone style it, take pics and blog. If Ro's working from home then its even more tiresome with lunch also thrown in."
"Because why settle for just one cookie when I can have three cookies and a brownie? And…a lemon bar? Oh, and a cupcake. And a teeny, tiny slice of apple...pumpkin...and lemon meringue pie. And c'mon, it just isn't summer without Aunt Marcy's banana trifle and grandma's pumpkin roll! Heck, I can even squeeze room for that green Jell-o fluff that I don’t even like. A few more wedges of this and smidgens of that and you can bet I'll turn from the table with a teetering five-pound plate of sugar and not an ounce of self restraint."
"1 (2.25oz) can sliced black olives, drained"
"Xypherous: You are in the abyss. There is still time."
"The Japanese cocktail was one of the first cocktails ever made. One of a handful of cocktail recipes published in Jerry Thomas's seminal cocktail guide, The Bar-Tender's Guide (1862), the Japanese is a wonderful drink that too often gets forgotten. Sure, most cocktail bloggers know it, as well as craft bartenders, but how often do you see someone actually order one. Perhaps the sole reason for this is that the Japanese cocktail is a bit sweeter than many contemporary cocktails. Notoriously in the nineteenth century, drinkers had more of a sweet tooth than drinkers today. And considering how much attention bitter cocktails receive these days, it seems that the Japanese will remain more commonly spoken about than drank."
"At the time we also raised chickens."
"I'm fairly easy... I can get everything in one bag..."
"'As for snails, it can be hard for them to indicate the environmental danger immediately, because such substances as dioxins, for instance, can accumulate in an organism over a long period of time and only decades later provoke cancer.'"
"-frozen green chile"
"Here are more reasons that said sing-song is highly humiliating:"
"Level 6: Recovers 60 HP and 18 MP every 4 seconds."
"Bake for 30-40 minutes. The center should be solid and the crust and top should have a light golden brown color to them. Once it’s done, let it sit out to cool or a few minutes before you dig in and enjoy. Quiche tastes great at any temperature so this is a wonderful dish to make ahead for a party or for a nice brunch the following morning."
"I am nothing but an empty box with holes"
"The FDA recognizes the fundamental risk of psychedelic drug treatment is no different than the risk associated with other drugs reviewed before. “They decided they would put science over politics and permit research to go forward, says Rick Doblin, director of the Multi-Disciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS). MAPS is a drug development firm that funds FDA-approved clinical trials to examine the potential therapeutic uses of psychedelics."
"How the heart yearningly turns His rest!"
"Naturally, blogging will be light for a long while for too many wonderful reasons to mention...the main one being I asked Eva-Jane to marry me and she said yes!"
"So, hop on twitter and Facebook and #spreadtheshadows. Let's get it trending! I will arrange some prizes for the top participators!"
"I am thoroughly depleted by the bickering, contradictory Sopranos and their spiteful, worshiping errand boys so we won't even go there this week. There are other more helpful and compassionate places to be."
"Cry (if you feel like it)"
"She recently added beautiful new pillow covers:"
"Going to recess with your classmates didn’t make sense to me. I was in an all-girls school and everyone moved in packs,especially during recess. Girls would wait for their friends and they’d go together to the cafeteria. In our school cafeteria, you had to go to the table for your class and you can’t sit elsewhere. If you did, teachers will tell you to go back to the right table. This ensures that you will be sitting beside your classmates no matter what your walking-to-the-cafeteria arrangements would be. So it didn’t bother me that I walked alone to the cafeteria. I knew there would be people there, and I’d be sitting beside my classmates, and I’d be able to talk to them if I wanted to."
"It may interest you to know, the first shocking word ever used on TV was in 1957, during an interview live on BBC news. It was another word for urination that many TV shows toss around today about as much as they do the word “and.” Much different from what standard sitcoms allow regularly now days that most viewers laugh at without a second thought. Our society’s level of shame and intolerance of that which is destitute, especially in the past decade, has declined rapidly to the point of being non-existent."
"She was so kind and wonderful to personally meet with all of us."
"Four hundred empty acres that used to be my farm"
"I discovered that these folks were in the queue (if I may borrow a bit of language from our friends in England) to pay bills. From the water bill to the credit card bill to the cable bill, this is how most folk pay…by going to the bank and depositing the money in the creditor’s account."
"When was the last time you snuggled with a skeleton and looked this happy? :) We got back to the house in time to hand out some candy ourselves, and luckily we were just in time to welcome a visit from this adorable group of girls from Trey's class. Trey opened the door and was greeted with all sorts of giggles and girls calling his name - hilarious! We all enjoyed watching Trey's face turn a bright shade of red as he tried to sneak away back into the house. The girls and I finally convinced him to pose for a picture, which didn't actually take too much convincing. After they were gone, Daddy asked if he had a favorite, and he did shyly whisper a name (wait, maybe two). Ah, third grade love, when you don't have to choose just one. :)"
"The first reason is that their powerful guitar playing sounds Iron Maiden-esque for a mid 70s band and catches the attention at once. The second reason is that the voice of Karin is both very powerful and enchanting and sounds androgynous, which give the tracks a feel of fairy-tales. The highlight here is Loneliness, a beautiful powerful epic lasting 20 minutes. The tune is both heavy blues and melancholic passages in the vein of Pink Floyd. The doomy bonus track Y.T.T is reminiscent of Black Sabbath and really rocks !"
"KUALA LUMPUR, Monday 14 June 2010 (Bernama) — Datuk Mohd Bakke Salleh has been appointed as the new President & Group Chief Executive (PGCE) of Sime Darby."
"You don’t have to have a blog to play along with the sketch challenge. If you upload your project to any on-line galleries or forums, please use the keyword of WMSC93. As always you are welcome and encouraged to upload your project to your album in the Waltzingmouse Stamps Gallery!"
"\"Don't you mean funny smells? Has someone put something plastic in it again?\""
"IF YOU have been wondering why the USACE webpages detailing water flows on the White, Norfork and other tailwaters has been down _ well now we have the answer."
"reflects from the bookspine."
"Before they"
"1 bottles"
"*Stay calm."
"This lovely award was given to me by the lovely Keryn. Keryn makes some really lovely cards and her other half paints the most gorgeous paintings so please pop over for a browse through her blog. Thanks Keryn for thinking of me and sending me this award."
"You fix it by deciding to be happy according to your own standards, as discovered by implementing the principles in part un, and then changing things around you until you are."
"So this may be rather difficult law to enforce in many cases."
"-What is that plan? Can you tell me?"
"April, 2012 edition of Leadership Development Carnival, hosted by Shri Tanmay Vora has also not missed the perennial feature of any major discussions on leadership development – CHANGE."
"And Ten is for Hendaye."
"Slyfox Let’s go all the way"
"Finally tonight we had homemade chicken pot pie. Again, it would have taken a lot longer without the convenience of just grabbing the jar and shredding the chicken. Absolute perfection if I do say so myself. :)"
"“I have travelled all this way for nothing,” Stade said."
"Well, I can't that I've been laying down my life, but I have had to make sacrifices to work where I do."
"allies."
"“Historically, the mass-produced lagers have been marketed as a beverage targeting males in their mid- to high 20s, and it seems to me in advertising that I see for craft beer that it’s really not marketed as a gender-specific beverage.”"
"Fort Smith Park is on Wheeler Avenue, just west of Midland Boulevard in Fort Smith, and includes numerous picnic tables, a boat ramp to the Arkansas River, and is visited by a large number of area residents throughout the year. It’s an old park, with old trees; a park I often visit for photographs, and I’m seldom disappointed…"
"So we begin my GBV series of postings with my top 5 tracks from their 1992 LP Propeller, so named because after 4 LPs that barely sold out their 500 or 1000-run pressings in Dayton, OH, the band figured it would be the record that finally propelled them out of the middle of Ohio. Sadly, it didn't, but it's certainly not for the lack of quality songs. I think they needed a bigger label or distributor, with this same record, to make it out of the indie circuit minor league's minor league, which they didn't have for a couple more records."
"To hint at a life to come."
"Fast forward a few months. After losing Holly, the neighbors turned out their cow and the new calf Boo-Boo. If you all remember our bull calf Buzz, well Buzz slipped through the fence and found himself a playmate. Buzz also self adopted himself to them and even began nursing off their cow. We had to bring him back home and even though we did, he slipped out and down the driveway, going back to the neighbors barn within and hour of his coming home."
"Penetrates with a move of emotional intellection"
"“It’s time to implement our sanctions laws and demonstrate to Russia and China that there are consequences for abetting Tehran and flouting US sanctions,” Representative Ileana Ros-Lehtinen said in a statement."
"Author: Courtney Summers"
"For example hedgers and speculators short the crude oil market when prices rise lose money while those who are long make money."
"To be in the draw you must:"
"Anyway, our time was up, and as we drove away, my Wife commented that She didn’t know how easy She’d find it to talk to John about our sex life. (We have resolutely avoided mentioning our lamentable sex life to him, so far.) Although She did feel that maybe our other issues were tied closely to our sexual difficulties. And if we could sort out the former, the latter would fall into place. I guess there is a degree to which that might have some validity, but I do think She, if not We, have some major sexual issues to overcome before We can both have a truly satisfying sex life. And I do think that we are going to need outside help with these, just as much as the less physical problems in our relationship."
"Coriander seeds - 1 tablespoon"
"Education is not the answer when high value-added, high wage manufacturing and professional service jobs, such as software engineering, are moved offshore in order to enhance short-term profits for shareholders and multi-million dollar bonuses for CEOs, while domestic employment and purchasing power are destroyed. Unless American university graduates can emigrate to China and India, there is no one to employ them. Yet, we still hear the call to run up student loan debts beyond the ability of salaries to repay the loans."
"I feel like we have been going non-stop for over a month now, but I really don't have any \"proof\" that we have been all over town."
"This latest information comes from a series of reports and leaks from official Russian spokesmen and government news agencies who say that an Israeli attack is all but certain by the summer."
"A background check on the couple’s history revealed one battery domestic violence case against Isalgue in 1998 with the Orange County Sheriff’s Office. Police said the charges were dropped due to declination to prosecute."
"'Don't squeeze the fruit.' 'Don't smell the sausages.' 'Don't finger the rabbits.' 'Don't badger the fish.' 'Don't drink the gin.' 'Don't try to leave wearing the suits.' 'Don't watch the televisions for three hours in your pants.' 'Don't shit in the toilets - they're for display purposes only.' 'Don't use the pornography.'"
"So now Canero will be fighting Matthew Hatton, although he's far from the fighter that his brother was, he still has some pieces of his brother's game in his repertoire. Both of the Hatton brothers have been very active in Soccer/Football. And both of them have very good foot work. Most of the fighters that Canero has fought have been old washed up flat footed fighters, like Carlos Baldomir & Lovemore N'dou. So you have to question whether Hatton's footwork will bother Canero. Canero has never really fought a true \"boxer\" and even though I don't consider Hatton a true boxer, he does have the footwork to evade the slow fisted Canero and possibly counter him all night. But you have to wonder how well Hatton will be able to move around and be elusive with all the extra weight on him. He has never fought at 154."
"I say that because Wildrose isn’t so much a party as it is an unwieldy and diverse coalition made up of libertarians, social conservatives, populists and Alberta nationalists. These are groups which don’t necessarily get along. In fact, they sometimes hate each other. The only thing keeping them united right now is that, for a variety of reasons, they all share a mutual dislike for the Alberta Tories."
"The Love Dare starts with a secret. And though it’s been an unspoken element throughout each day, you’ve likely grown more and more suspicious of it all the time. Now that you’re this far, it’s a secret you’re discovering for yourself, even if you haven’t exactly known how to put it into words."
"Blog comments for Day Three will be open until Saturday at 6pm EST. On Sunday, JustRite will announce on their blog which five blogs have the mystery candy for Day Three. You will need to go to the JustRite blog to determine where you need to go to find out if you are one of the five lucky winners."
"Another adventure of that ALVIN!! My kids love the chipmunks. I remember having a record album of their songs when I was a kid. I love that the next generation of kids can enjoy the chipmunks as well. My youngest laughed the most of course. I laughed quite hard when there was a reference to The Hobbit. Silly fun about talking chipmunks that should have a bit more discipline. But I guess when you have 6 talking chipmunks on vacation on a cruise, things are going to get a bit out of hand!!"
"These are pre-weeded vinyl, ready to lay down on your surface, then you just paint them in. I recommend using a few very light coats of paint to reduce the risk of bleeding. They can only be used one time, they are not stencils made of acetate or mylar, but of vinyl."
"Two-thirds of the fossils obtained from the site so far belong to plants still alive today. Some, on the other hand, are the fossils of very rare plants that have not yet been identified. This site has a structure rich in silica, making it easier to obtain very well-preserved specimens. Their details make it possible to compare them comprehensively to those organisms’ specimens living today—which comparison again shows that living things have been the same for tens of millions of years. In other words, they have not evolved."
"a portal to the eternity of Love’s open flight."
"Group actions"
"Sep-11 Pittsburgh, PA CONSOL Energy Center On Sale Soon"
"Since George Zimmerman has been accused of profiling based on race leading to the death of an individual of a race other than his own, the United States Justice Department and the FBI have been investigating a possible hate crime under federal law."
"I don’t think the bus driver stopped as my attacker repeatedly unfurled punches into my stomach. He came back for another round in the playground the next day as I played jump rope with some friends in the playground. This time I was ready and delivered him a very satisfying punch in the eye. I made him cry and it felt good. I wised up and took the early shift bus home that afternoon. He never bothered me again."
"Red Asleep Revolver"
"After I took Luke (instead of Freddy) to my formal, my sisters planted ideas in my head. Oh you two are so cute together. You guys are like the perfect match. How are you not dating? This is how my crush on Luke developed. I had introduced Luke and Nelly (a beautiful sorority sister) at the formal. They had the same major, so when Luke asked me for her number “to buy her books,” I didn’t think much of it. Big mistake."
"Daily Bible Verses - Bible Gateway"
"Tex was not feeling up to par on Sunday (he fell and wrenched his knee pretty badly and it was swollen) and we said he could stay home and rest if he watched a sermon while we were gone. When we got back from church he excitedly shared how good the Christian: It's Not What You Think series from Andy Stanley is and asked if we'd watch it so we could talk about it."
"Hatred for what? If Communism, then maybe. I for one hate the ideology of communism with a passion. I hate what it has done to people and countries all over the world. If he meant hatred for blacks, then he is mistaken. It is a myth that the war was white against black."
"similar product is available anywhere in the world."
"Katy: Well, you're doing a great job."
"For a chance to win a $500 Alice Allowance you must visit radioalice.com and become an Alice Rewards member by filling out the required membership application. No purchase necessary. Then, enter your name on the ALICE ALLOWANCE official entry page and listen to Alice @ 97.3 weekdays at 810, 12:10 and 5:10. When you hear your name, you have 10 minutes to call 1-800-400-FM97 to claim your prize. The station will award up to $10,000 a month (20 winners per month). Once the station gets 20 winners, the contest ends for that month. Must be 18 or older. Prize non-transferable and not redeemable for cash. You can only win a prize from Alice once every 60 days. Official rules"
"Trivia Compiled By: Ken Hulsey"
"Most of them have military bases with American troops and bombers on them."
"Haha, today I met Elina in centre and as we we're going to her place there was a funny scene in a bus. I was searching for my bus ticket in my bag and ofcourse I had forgotten it home and so I was like I don't have it with me. The driver was just that I could go without. In two stops, as we got to the end stop, Elina and I didn't leave the the bus cause we had to go in other direction back. So, the driver started yelling at us that this is the end stop, like we didn't know,duh, and that I should buy the ticket or I should leave and as we we're leaving she closed the doors right in front of us, like she just said we should leave. :D She was the most the irritating person ever."
"COMMUNING WITH HIM."
"It was hard to regard terms like “good”, “competent”, “caring” and “intelligent” as anything other than positive, and to regard terms like “bad”, “untrustworthy”, “arrogant”, and “selfish” as anything other than negative. I put “Environment/Eco-friendly” and “Progressive” into the positive camp because while everyone has different ideas of what environmental policies should be enacted and different ideas of what constitutes progressive, it is generally agreed now that the a degree of environmentally-friendly policy is positive and that being progressive, in the vague sense of moving forward, is also positive. In other words, they’re like “democracy” or “human rights.” There may be disagreements about the meaning, but the terms are accepted goods."
"or life events and such these days."
"Well that's all my news, enjoy your week."
"Plus if they are on sale (when aren't the frames on sale there!?!?!) or you use a 40% off coupon or hit on a day where your entire purchase is 20% off then you can get out of there without spending very much."
"1 aged"
"I looked around the Cirrus as we pulled away from the dock opposite The Schweizerhof, one of our host hotels. What an eclectic mix we were – Danes, Germans, Italians, French, various Swiss, many Brazilians, lots of Americans, Irish, UK. English was the common language although you could also hear French, Swiss German, some Italian. People were tired – particularly the Americans whose body clocks were set to a different time – but the mood was upbeat, positively expectant. Folks were curious as to what would happen next, to experience how it all might unfold."
"I wanted to joke."
"But now we sit here and think of the days…"
"I think I will learn to REALLY enjoy this blogging thing. : )"
"Love is thinking for me"
"Johannes Gutenberg lives on, in name at least. His place in the next few hundred years of history commemorated by Project Gutenberg, the online resource that aims to digitise and curate important literature and provide it online, free in a simple format. Its guiding tenet is \"Replicator Technology\". The concept of Replicator Technology is simple; once a book or any other item (including pictures, sounds, and even 3-D items) is stored in a computer, then any number of copies can and will be available. Easy peasy to understand now of course, but way back In 1971 it sounded like Voodoo."
"In large pot combine peaches, sugar and flour. Bring to a boil and let simmer for 10 minutes. Remove from the stove and add the vanilla and butter. Let set from 10 minutes to cool."
"“Why do you want me to climb the roof?” I ask to no one in particular. Death never spoke, but Death could hear."
"It's tough for an artist to constantly have to justify her behavior to the world. Because the world seems so focused on the 9 to 5 slugging and the thought process that one shouldn't consider being an artist a real job. And one certainly shouldn't enjoy one's job."
"Break Away"
"“The first word of the first psalm, blessed, sets the tone: happy, fortunate, lucky with holy luck. The second psalm uses the same word at its finish.” (24)"
"“I realize what life is all about. It’s hanging on when your heart has had enough. It’s giving more when you feel like giving up.”"
"A leaf can be a …"
"Recently, we had our ultrasound to find out whether we are expecting a bean or a beanette! It has been crazy-busy lately with my brother's wedding coming up, so we wanted to have a small gender-reveal party that was simple and fun for everyone involved."
"Each time you choose love over fear, you radiate courage."
"Who knows where technology which seems to be moving at a more rapid rate than ever will take us next – maybe in directions we resist, maybe not. The fact is we currently have the ability to connect to almost everyone else in the entire world and that is extraordinary. But it is not about the numbers of connections as much as the value of those connections for me. Proceeding with cautious enthusiasm into this new age of communication, grateful for the opportunities for meaningful interaction, and curious to see where things will go – I submit this latest entry into my conversation with life."
"Denmark’s drafts are showcased in Copenhagen. America dedicates a full week to craft beer, and big beer fests in Prague, Louisiana and Cleveland. 6 Big Beer Festivals in May 2012."
"“Oh I am so sorry I…”"
"-- There is two kinds of music, the good, and the bad. I play the good kind."
"peace and quiet - is there any?"
"–one personal quest line. with cutscenes similar to SWTOR. This is the only “rails” in the game."
"Reader's Feast Bookstore"
"Oh, and they were selling little sets of 4x6 screen printed quilt blocks from old postcards. I just couldn't resist the 1907 Scary Santas set. Not sure what I'll do with them yet, but I'm sure I'll think of something. (wink wink)"
"Cheese quesadilla, roasted broccoli, lite ranch dip in the Hello Kitty container, grapes and orange jelly."
"When plundering heards assail their byke (Hive),"
"Wooden butterfly colour with promarker finished off with lace, buttons and string."
"In Super Tuesday’s Ohio primary, Democrat Dennis Kucinich was defeated in his effort to retain his sixteen year seat in the House of Representatives. Ohioans have lost a great representative for their state, but his voice was one that represented all of us who are against war; represented all of us who are against the attacks by conservatives on the poor and middle-class and the government assistance that helps them."
"Obama knows that if he acts out the evil that is in his soul, the American people would overwhelmingly reject him in November. He has to wait until the American people can’t touch him to unleash his master plan to “fundamentally transform America.”"
"I wrote to a TV producer, Simon Wilson, (that's the dare part I was talking about) telling him how much I liked his sketch show and offering him some of my material. The show was called Swinging, but I kept calling it Swingers in my emails."
"Laundry/Dressing"
"Knowing how depraved adolescent boys just discovering the joys of their penis are, can you imagine what Superman was like when he was in his early teens? All his origin stories focus on him running around a farm, lifting tractors and such, but they overlook what happens when he discovered his powers and his wiener at the same time. Sure, he’d probably stop a 3-story tall rampaging robot, but he’d also be masturbating constantly (he’d never get chafed, he’s freaking invulnerable). No one would look at him like a hero if they knew what he got up to when he was exploring his super-sexuality. “Sure, he saved that bus full of kids, but did you see that video of him supersonically masturbating on the moon? That dude’s messed up.”"
"Ronald Reagan echoed this view saying, “Freedom prospers when religion is vibrant and the rule of law under God is acknowledged.”"
"Bootleggers and the Speak Easy become the norm."
"Erica Smolders – Last spring I found a 1950’s Smith Corona typewriter while helping a friend clean out their garage. A few months later, I opened Rook & Rose and really liked the idea of using it at the shop to hand-type card messages and little love letters."
"In a bid to be more productive I have come to the conclusion that I need to be more organised, so I've been trying to get my workshop (okay it's a shed) into some kind of order, especially now as I have a shiny new post drill to find a space for, well I have a space for it, it's just occupied by a load of crap."
"Quote;"
"I spoke to my father and told him that I loved him."
"But what about the basics?"
"1/2 t. seasoned salt"
"Robocop"
"I had done so much work to get everything into the living room that I told Lynnette she could let Abby out to sleep with us. It would have worked, too, except Abby had no interest in sleeping. She ran around the area, liked Madison while she slept, scratched at one of the blankets, and worst of all, jumped onto my crotch in the darkness, eliciting a swear word at 11:30 at night. Somebody else in the living room giggled. Lynnette put Abby back but she wouldn’t stop barking. We gathered our things and headed back to the room. Abby stopped barking immediately. So much for our camping trip."
"Copic Markers and lots of them :)"
"Breakups can be experienced in two different ways, the person who’s leaving versus the person who is being left. Before we move forward, we need to understand that sometimes people are forced into moving on because is the best choice for them. For example, you caught your boyfriend or girlfriend cheating or committing foul play, that’s a reason to put on your thinking cap on and move along. At this instance, the experience reverses, the person leaving, is forced into a choice they probably never really consider making. A really tough decision we can’t all make,that’s probably the reason why you see a lot of women put up with guys even after catching them in the act. You can see them trying to mend broken relationships, nevertheless, there’s certain things that can’t be taped back together."
"Figure 2: German Foodservice: Sales by Sector (%), 2006 vs 2011"
"I know it's been months since I posted last. I've heard about it from many of you as well. You never know how many people read this thing until you miss your monthly update. LOL!"
"Seeing how God has proven His power and faithfulness, we say, “Hallelujah! LORD, thank You for giving us so many proofs of Your authority and authenticity through the historical records of Your word.”"
"The Center’s first Director was Raymond S. Wright III, Ph.D., AG, with Gerald Haslam, Ph.D., AG, as Associate Director, and Kathy Driggs as Secretary. The Center’s current Director is George Ryskamp, J.D., AG, with Kip Sperry, M.L.S., AG, CG as Associate Director, and Lu Knudson as the Administrative Services Supervisor."
"Beef Wellington with mushroom duxelles & St. Bernardus ABT 12 - 10.5% ABV."
"Level 6: MP Cost: 35, Duration: 60 seconds, 47% chance to not get knocked back."
"been waiting on me."
"Level 17: Mastery: +44%, Accuracy: +102."
"Bishop Paul Tan (left), who is president of the Catholic Bishops Conference of Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei, had been skeptical of the value of Najib’s penchant for hosting of luncheons for leaders of non-Muslim religions under a patina of fostering inter-religious harmony and dialogue."
"“I’m so sorry!” sobbed Edgar. “It’s just that you remind me of my mother. She had the most beautiful breasts!”"
"Before the world began, there was God and Heaven and the holy angels. Beneath God’s Heaven was a chaos without form and void with darkness upon the face of the deep. Where did this darkness come from, this chaos, this void that sounds like the bottom-less pit and is a description, really, of hell?? How did hell beneath Heaven, this void, this chaos, this bottom-less pit description of darkness on the face of the deep void… how did it come into being?? What do we know from God’s Word about history before the world began?? We know that before time began, the devil and one third of the holy angels fell to become the devil and his unholy angels –devils."
"Now I know why we are a tiny bit tired at night!"
"And I look at the names of people whom I don't see much anymore, and I think...when did I stop praying for that person? Or seeking the counsel of that other one? The dear interpreters from camp; the former English students; an orphan or two who put me on their cell phones just for fun. What if I wanted to suddenly renew those relationships, and couldn't call because I erased their numbers? What if they wanted to call me, and I wasn't prepared to talk to them, not recognizing the number?"
"Soon afterward my husband came inside. “There’s a bird’s nest in one of our trees!” he announced."
"The carnality, temporality, and partiality that characterized Moses’ system is now superceded by that which is spiritual, eternal, and complete."
"Your Name:"
"These holidays have gone toooo fast.. Easter break seemed to take forever but then all of a sudden I only had a few days to squeeze in a visit to mum and dad's in Dunsborough and tonight is a school night lol!!! Back to a routine I hope..... but only if the above happens I guess otherwise I will be juggling a whole lot more!!!"
"Even earlier than that, and away from London, the seeds of the Global Jihad were being planted in the UK. Take the Islamic Foundation of Leicester, which was set up thirty-seven years ago, in 1974."
"1 implies"
"We were in the second row from the front so we had a great view. It was really quite a small set, bless it. I did take some photos of the actual set, but since we weren't technically supposed to, I shan't post them on here just in case I get an angry email from the BBC ..."
"The only comedian I’ve ever seen do the dad thing well is Hugh Fink. (I’ll include a link to his stuff at the bottom of this piece.)"
"Unheard of in Minnesota for this time of year."
"\"Bloody squirrels,\" he said as he headed to the garage for his gardening gloves and a trowel."
"My brother had to drag me away from Hynn's booth. If you are in Wilderness you must stop at Cape Oyster booth. Tell Hynn the crazy American sent you."
"Every year the Texas Advertising program sends nearly 300 graduates out to change the world. As the year comes to a close, hear from some of TexasMedia’s top seniors as they prepare for their last round of finals, graduation, and life beyond the Forty Acres."
"And that's where I saw the most trash."
"With Remy, I've been concentrating on trot transitions, making sure that there's enough energy to get a soft transition, but not too much that he hollows or rushes off. We seem to be getting there with the transitions, which give a balanced start to the trot, but he's not able to keep that balance for too long before he tightens through the front end, and/or starts to rush. I'm finding it hard to determine his natural trot rhythm, so the last few days we've been having a short lunge session before riding."
"The negative space, especially when it takes more room in the composition as the food does, can be used to emphasize on contrasts, structures, textures or to bring the attention to certain characteristics of the food."
"Te-Erika Patterson: Today, I have a good body image because I no longer define my worth by my ability to be loved. I doubt if I will ever be loved and I have accepted that as a probability so it has freed me to focus on other things to be proud of knowing that NOTHING is promised to anyone."
"It was a good day."
"Got a feeling this Walker book may now be out of print but it is definitely worth hunting down in your local second hand bookshops.The illustrations are stunning."
"The first of our new guitarists is 21 year old Andy Midgley. He will take care of the rhythm parts but will also be blasting out some solos too! Behind the drum kit is Derby based sticks man Rich Smith, an extremely talented drummer, Rich has been a part of the UK metal scene for more than ten years."
"The next time that you feel that you are alone, closely look at the footprints in your path. You will probably find that they are not yours, for Jesus is carrying you when things are tough."
"\"Nice day for a hike, huh?\" I said."
"Satsy given first guitar by father. Between now and 1983 would learn to tune."
"It doesn’t have to be that way!"
"Apply your regular foundation. It is sometimes better to start with a brush and then use the heat from your finger tips to blend it in. Buff skin with a foundation brush to ensure even coverage and no streaks."
"Around 500mls of Mushroom Sauce"
"Only then will true Autism Acceptance be achieved and that is what we truly need, not mere awareness, which for some, only highlights us as targets."
"can't get to the computer at work right now so decided to rattle off a few tired old phrases, just for shits and giggles."
"We started using our green push broom to defend ourselves because it happened to be nearby. But lately we've learned that nothing else can successfully keep Chanticleer at bay."
"Just thought it was funny and figured I’d post. Maybe I’ll ask the google gods a little more about it cause based off the Da Vinci Code, I may have just witnessed a cult meeting."
"dry hop 14 days 2.0 Warrior leaf 15.0"
"One of Hollywood’s most intriguing mysteries re-surfaced today as a photo of actress Natalie Wood taken in 1985, (Photo on left) four years after her death, was published in the Hollywood Underground News tabloid."
"Thank you all so much for your support. It means so much to us."
"Knitting plans:"
"but have been corrected here."
"1/4 cup half and half (or water if you are going to keep the cookies around unrefrigerated for a while)"
"He will always be part of me."
"Now the challenge this week is all about things that make you laugh, so we would love you to create a project that is side splitting funny! So get out all those funny character stamps or digi stamps, or alternatively make either a joke or funny saying the focus of your card. Alternatively share a funny memory with us via a mini album or scrap book page . . . lots of choices thee then!"
"The quiescence bloats into a physical sensation:"
"– Oh, I will. I am the very poster boy of discretion, me."
"IN A WORD: Lagging."
"This collection features very few artists whose names might be recognized by casual fans -- do Sonny Osbourne and J.E. Mainer ring a bell? But mostly there are singers and pickers who never got as famous as Bill Monroe, The Stanley Brothers or Flatt & Scruggs."
"Having a regular in a gay bar/macho dancer bar is oftentimes referred to by the MDs themselves as having a ‘boyfriend’ in the said bar. When and MD asks a person who has been frequenting a gay bar if he or she has a boyfriend in the said bar, the question usually means if that person regularly requests a certain MD whenever he or she goes to the said bar."
"But during our recent senate debates when we asked the candidates who is their favorite senator in Connecticut history, not one person answered Dodd or Weicker."
"France is the second biggest market for McDonald's outside the grand ol' US of A. According to the CEO of Maccas in France, \"les restos McDo\" (as they are affectionately known here in France) open at a faster rate in la belle France than in any other country in Europe, and the McDonald's store on the Champs Elysées is the most profitable outlet of the hamburger and fry empire in the entire world."
"He eased her down. “Thank goodness for the full moon.”"
"The only catch being that its short notice and I will need to depart on May 30th 2 months before the rest of the Australians heading over with group A."
"“The commission will address country-specific (economic) recommendations to member states and warnings in the case of inadequate responses.”"
"They have been told they can keep them (and wear them!!!) after the games. My goodness - wouldn't red, white and blue been more appropriate?"
"Dark staircase"
"The original Simcoe bitter that I made rested in secondary for a week before I added the Simcoe to dry hop. I got some really Fruit Loopy aroma off of that one and I want it again. I'll have to see if that makes a difference at all."
"(11 PNG @ 300ppi)"
"Rd 2"
"At that moment the phone rang. It was the dog’s distraught owner. “I can’t believe this! I just got home and glanced at the coffee table where I put my manger scene yesterday. There’s nothing there but an empty stable!”"
"However, anyone who knows anything about The Grateful"
"A big shout out of GOOD LUCK to my cousin Jim who is running a 1/2 marathon tomorrow for the Drake Relays!!! Sending happy feet vibes to you!!!"
"How am I to know what country I am in if I am not told?"
"The Case of the Curious Bride (1935)"
"Siregar was quoted as saying that no deal has been made between Muamalat and potential investors. Yet, another report in Kontan.co.id noted that at least two other banks, Bank Mega and Standard Chartered Bank, were said as eyeing Muamalat."
"When Gilbert does write in scene, the descriptions and discussions have depth and impact. However, the dramatic action, when in evidence, is secondary. Her character emotional development and search for resolution and God over time carries the significance."
"Each week the Weekend Potluck just seems to get better and better! We had a difficult time picking our favorites! You guys always bring the best of the best, thanks so much for that!"
"One of my biggest kicks out of running my humble little Internet outpost is the chance to virtually meet other like-minded folks."
"She will never watch Andrew pitch another ball …"
"- My friend Petro."
"While foreigners have been praising Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong sky-high on his Facebook page to please him, it continues to be inundated with numerous complaints and genuine feedback from native Singaporeans, including PAP supporters and grassroots leader."
"Councilmember Andrews — the leading Council opponent of the youth curfew proposal and the leading proponent of the loitering/prowling one — spent more of his time discussing the weaknesses of the curfew bill."
"FIFTY years together."
"Imagine spending three days with 17 women whose commonality is a love of writing! How about listening to successful authors who have already made it in the writing world. Speakers included: Joyce Dyer, Sandra Gurvis, and Julianne Lindsay. They represented different venues of writing, and they all were happy to share their knowledge."
"But the scandal doesn't end there! He had not been seen or heard from in a few years when in 1891 it was reported that he died — not in Europe, but in New Lots, here in Brooklyn, right under his victims' noses! BUT THEN, in 1893 the Eagle reported that Van Sinderen was indeed alive and living in disguise in Berlin. Alas there was no extradition treaty between Germany and the U.S., so not much could be done about it."
"Finally not all RCTs are created equal (various forms of bias; surrogate outcomes; small sample sizes, short follow-up), and thus should not all represent the same high level of evidence.*"
"waves crashing all around"
"There is new news today of note -- the single most potentially dangerous situation at Dai-ichi, the spent fuel pool at reactor #4, has achieved an increased margin of safety, putting us largely into the cleanup phase. That will be plenty of work. Here's the update:"
"The wait is turning tedious and draining."
"I can say deep in my heart that I made the right decision, there is nothing else I can imagine doing that would make me happier. Well if I could have my cake and eat it too which turns out getting a decent amount of sleep with this schedule would be icing on the cake and make like three times the amount of money."
"Between hands, I tried to explain that this was a Japanese craft brewer and that this beer was a special thing to find here in Ise. The Yona Yona was easier to sell, since its name and label make it stand out a bit, but even among American citizens craft beer is poorly understood."
"My First Cat"
"On a previous post, I mentioned that I made these coconut palmiers for a family get-together and they absolutely loved it. Well, I'm finally sharing the quick and easy recipe with you. And I'm also going to show you how to make them into these cute little hearts. They're just perfect for Valentine's Day!"
"I guess he's content to be hidden, seeing as how people seek his BBQ out without so much as a website, although others put his store on theirs. Vencil's been doing it his own way for a while--he's 87, you see, and has an air of being proud of what he does without the need to glorify it. Although if you ask him about being one of the best BBQ joints in Texas he'll probably get up and walk behind the counter to get you an autographed copy of the September 26, 2010 Taylor Daily Press, in which he was featured."
"I look up at the stars, in all their beauty, and they haunt me. I feel so small."
"The first indisputable contemporary evidence found during this study of Foster's commercial artistic activity is an advertisement that he placed in The Leeds Mercury of 17 June 1809. The words \"By His Majesty's Royal Letters Patent\" suggest that a Royal patent had been granted for the newly invented machine for sketching profiles in a short space of time, accurately and in great detail, although Foster in this particular case neither implicitly states that he was the inventor of the machine nor the grantee of the patent."
"Essential to life in balance"
"Isn't it funny how quickly life happens? The days just fly by, rolling one into the other and in the blink of an eye weeks have passed. It's amazing."
"W: Hello, Wombat speaking."
"But then, my friend asked if I wanted to join them for 1/2 off wings at a local restaurant. SIGH! It was soooooo hard to say no. But I am proud of myself because I said no and I got up and did my Insanity Pure Cardio workout and Cardio Abs."
"2. Add the following points to the sales deed after your existing property has been sold:"
"1 ran"
"Reich: that’s fine but government won’t be"
"Troy discovers he and Shay are really married and asks for five months to prove his love to her. She’s been hurt so often and so deeply she often assumes wrong data so doesn’t trustTroy nor ask him about suspicious incidents."
"The specs are not really ground breaking but we are all curious on what Samsung is up to after the massive build of anticipation for the device. And we think that this device will be the most innovative and revolutionary device from Samsung so far. Or we just hope it will be. So never miss a bit of it by following the full broadcast of the event here."
"This card dates from about 1907. If you're specifically interested in streetcars of Wisconsin, you should check out the Transport Co. Web Station website."
"1 cent"
"I also smiled privately when I read, \"I'm not lucky, I deserved it.\" said by Margaret Thatcher. I can just imagine those words coming out of the Iron Lady's lips!"
"As mentioned previously, many of the major international and proselytizing religions were incredibly syncretistic. Some of them–like Christianity and Islam–were ill-disposed toward syncretism, despite being highly syncretistic themselves in their initial periods, and what they would like everyone to believe to the contrary. However, other religions or strains of these religions remained more friendly and open to syncretism. Gnosticism within Christianity was particularly friendly to syncretism, and incorporated any number of elements from various polytheistic traditions into its worldviews, texts, and practices; and, there is a strong possibility that it may have had a great deal of influence from Buddhism in doing this. Buddhism itself has been a very syncretistic religion, with a basis in a reformed view of Hinduism, but a manner of either absorbing other religion’s influences and deities, or incorporating them into new schools within itself, or of simply existing alongside them. Vajrayana Buddhism in Tibet, Mongolia, and elsewhere incorporates many elements of shamanism and the Bon-Po indigenous religion of Tibet to give it its distinctive character. Ch’an Buddhism developed in China in response to certain elements in Taoism, and was thereby transmitted to Japan as Zen. Many different forms of Buddhism exist in Japan, either alongside Shinto, or forming combined traditions with it like the Yamabushi tradition."
"There are over 200 varieties of avocados (Persea americana) grown on Hawaii. Native to Mexico and Central America, avocadoes grow very well in orchards, but also wild in low elevation wet forests. It was likely introduced in the early 1800s. The tree has large, evergreen, alternate pointed oval leaves, and is easily recognized when bearing fruit. The avocados can be pear-shaped or round, mostly dark green, with smooth or pebbly skin. The ripe fruit is bright green and not sweet, more of a buttery, nutty, and smooth flesh. There is one large, oval seed in the middle of the fruit. We saw many trees in the forests of Kauai, but the best place to find some fantastic avocadoes is at the Sunshine Markets around the island of Kauai. There were several different varieties to sample and buy for $1.00-$3.00 each, incredibly cheap for local, truly ripe fruit."
"I LOVE YOU ALL MORE THAN WORDS CAN EXPRESS"
"So when you say I’m not “Just a Youth Pastor anymore,” what I hear you saying is this – “Youth Pastors aren’t real pastors who are called by God, qualified, and worthy of respect. But you’re not like that, now you’re a real pastor! Congratulations, you’ve made it!”"
"Tober"
"And for those who haven’t seen my face, ha ha.. some said my gravater is weird ok. here it is:…."
"Tommy said that Abyss will get his for what he did to Rob one day. As for AJ, this is the house that Styles built, but for what he did last week, now they have problems. So tonight, the two of them will take it to the extreme."
"11. Bow Wow Wow (Remix)"
"We have red and green colored clothing perfect for Christmas this year!"
"So now a few pics from this week"
"The iPad has more apps with in-app purchase than apps built for the iPhone. Ten percent of the iPad applications on the App Store had in-app purchase, versus 6 percent for the iPad."
"“I’m at a payphone. I managed to escape just a few minutes ago. But there are people who are still after me.”"
"At the end of the year (next January), there will be a vote for Best Wild Card."
"Maybe tomorrow we’ll start over"
"Let’s start with the scar that made me start thinking of this all. On my right arm mid forearm I have about a 4 inch strait scar. I got it while I was making a casserole for Kevin and me over 3 years ago. I cook a lot so I have plenty of cooking scars. However, this scar in particular always serves as a reminder of the hell that I went through when I was with him 3 years ago. You see in the three weeks before I got this scar I endured a wild rollercoaster driven by his ex. I had already pretty much stopped eating and if I did I needed to purge immediately, I was the lowest weight of my life. I didn’t know how to trust someone who had just slept with his ex. I knew I wasn’t his girlfriend, but we were in some sort of relationship. He wouldn’t have been so upset about doing it either if we weren’t in some form of a ‘relationship’. My friends were upset with me because I chose to stick it out and see if it could be repaired. I knew it would be a big problem for one of my closest friends as Kevin’s ex was her cousin by marriage. There was even an altercation where Megan and I found us face to face and she definitely wanted it to turn into a physical fight. Even after this hellish situation I was determined to make it work even though we were probably both too fractured to ever really move on. The last weekend we spent together on Saturday night after going to a wedding together I went over to his house and as I was taking the casserole out of the oven I hit the oven rack 2 days later we broke up, 3 weeks later I was in Renfrew, and 3 months later Megan was pregnant. This scar will always remind me how I didn’t assert to him how the situation made me feel and how hurt I had been when it happened. I know I have become more assertive with people now so that I don’t have to constantly internalize the pain I feel when people do things that hurt me."
"Jeans: Guess"
"Kate and the gang are back and it's bloodier than ever with the war between magic and tech in full swing. Kate really tests her magical power in Magic Slays. You thought she was bad ass before? She is only getting better with each book."
"“You know it’s a bad idea to Gate directly to the Sherim, Rel. For that matter, you know it’s a bad idea to go twice in the same day.” Pevan put her hands on her hips again, fixing him with a glare as if he was just out to make mischief."
"It added that there were no"
"with abetting Datuk Soh Chee Wen in using a scheme to defraud Omega"
"Rather than legislate abstract, over-arching national curricular standards for the common core, the best way to improve our educational system is to start at the classroom level, with teacher preparation that bridges the metaphorical “widest street in the world” between colleges of education and colleges of arts and sciences. Classroom teachers should be singled out and trained based upon their commitment to developing a positive classroom ambience and emotional climate; at the same time, the affective quality of classroom life must be enhanced in support of the teacher’s level of expertise in a specialist subject area."
"stitched on 32 ct. Mushroom Lugana"
"crooked ways, lest the cause of Christ in the earth should be dishonoured."
"Brown Thrasher 2"
"So we were very keen to squeeze in a weekend away, just the two of us, before this baby arrives. After hearing only good things about the Wotif mystery deals, we decided to get brave and try one, and ended up with a night at the Hilton Brisbane for around $160. We were assigned a Deluxe King Room, but upon check-in, we were upgraded to an Executive King Room! It was very lovely. The Hilton is quite impressive, and in its grand foyer area, we couldn’t stop giggling because we felt like we were imposters who shouldn’t be somewhere so fancy! Our room was also very lovely (with fancy features like a heated mirror which didn’t fog up no matter how hot you had your shower), but the best bit of all was I was with my husband, and we could just hang out, with nowhere to go and nothing to do… unless we wanted to of course."
"Right now I'm curled up on my couch in my apartment watching married with children on TV while my roommate lucy struggles with filling out a million job applications. I used to hate the 90s, yes I've been mean muggin since '93, but I always thought of it as one of the least inspirational decades. Looking at the 2000 and actually looking back at my childhood, they weren't so bad."
"Would you f****ng believe it. On top of everything else, I was out delivering election leaflets in my own road last night, for the GLA elections. I'd just turned the corner from Newcombe Park into Millway when bang. Given that I'd not touched a drop, for a second I was perplexed. This feeling was soon overwhelmed by excruciating pain. A huge hole in the pavement had caught my foot and I thought for a second that I'd broken my ankle. The irony of it is that Councillor Brian Coleman, the man who I'd been delivering leaflets to unseat is responsible for roads and pavements. His incompetence had nearly broken my ankle."
"Got anything to eat? he greets them,"
"Thus extremist choose on one hand to oppose abortion but have no reservations in sending anyone to their deaths and abolishing all charitable acts to keep wealth in their hands and on the other extreme they hand out compassion and assistance to the needy but support abortion."
"The Great Ray Charles (1957)"
"Even Tony Pua, the party’s national point man for the Kuching campaign, was surprised at the response. They knew the Chinese in Sarawak were restless but they had not expected this boiling point kind of sentiment."
"And, finally, this is our climb back up!! This was the half way point...god, it's rough. Just seeing this picture makes my legs burn!! I need to be more active :("
"Apparently the Govt is paying canvassers to sign up the general public to a petition which it will then present to itself after the farcical and tax-payer funded consultation ends - the one that excludes anyone who doesn't agree with Bully Health Secretary Andrew Lansley"
"e) Isometric Hold in Squat position x 20 sec"
"~ Anonymous ~"
"John, oldest cousin of the five and the only boy, enlists in the Marines. He leaves the nest before I arrive. So we sit cross- legged on the floor around the television religiously in the late afternoon to watch Gomer Pyle, USMC. Somehow watching that show makes them feel closer to their brother, less scared about him being away in the danger they imagine."
"What did Paul know about sailing? Those men in charge of that vessel were master seamen. They had the history of the sea at their disposal. They had the knowledge of man to draw upon. Ah yes, but Paul had the Word of God; and it was God who made that sea and also had control over the weather. Don’t you think the Creator has more authority over such matters than the creature?"
"But my words were to have little effect and as we left, I saw that the slave had gone. We knew where Sestillius’s room was and we went towards it though we had to scale the wall and slip in through the window. Thankfully, Fortunata was not there. On the table we saw another scroll. This we examined:"
"Twenty-one course participants, from all walks of life, had the opportunity to explore and directly respond to works of art by Alighiero Boetti, Yayoi Kusama and Catherine Yass."
"People do say that and it always surprises me a bit. I write characters, men and women, the way I meet people in real life. And I’ve never encountered one of those dumb, willing blondes who seem to be the mainstay of some sorts of fiction, so I could never write one. Lund was a challenge but not because she was a woman. It’s more that we don’t get to peek behind the façade much on TV and in a book you need a bit of the internal story too. So I had to imagine that and come up with some kind of explanation for that rather incongruous jumper for example. Funnily enough I"
"Here's a gusset. At the point I should have photo-shopped the dot in. It's 1/4\" from each side seam, at the point, but here you can't see it."
"Protection of public health"
"The stuffy summer air made me long for a chilled glass of water. Not a single star was visible. I dragged myself to the bed and lay down. The heart was still heavy and the brain was in blender over some pressing issues."
"R.I.P"
"A povi mentallit-ee"
"Above all, we were able to love him, because he saw us as we wished to be seen, as the omniscient, capable and heroic custodians of our great nation's inner health. It was a view of us that Barley never quite seemed able to share - any more, I have to say, than Hannah could, though she only knew it from the outside, as the place to which she could not follow me, as the shrine of ultimate compromise and therefore, in her unrelenting view, despair."
"One of the most robust criticisms of Marx is that, despite his predictions, society has yet to be shaken by a popular revolution against the capitalist system, and a global class revolt doesn’t seem to be in the works any time soon, either. Why? Clearly because of the jogging and fitness craze which first germinated back in the 1970s and is in full bloom today. Although they may comprise a small percent of the population, I’d have to say the reason we’re all still waiting for fulfillment of that utopian promise is due to runners and joggers. No matter how dreary the day job is, they are still by and large happily united with their labor at least a few times each week. As a result, things never quite reach the boiling point necessary for a real gloves-off revolution. We could try to usher in a communist era by getting rid of running and runners completely, but that seems impractical and, well, a bit hostile. Perhaps, had he lived in a different age, Marx would have been a physical trainer or a P.E. major, and the social upheaval he envisioned would have come not from one massive thrust, but millions of individuals discovering this: run, and become your own revolution."
"My Great Redeemer’s praise"
"Hope what ever you're doing, you have fun!"
"Make out with all your dumb friends"
"This morning he asked me to sit on him and lie down on him. I should have been honest with him and told him no, but I didn’t. I did what he asked. I cried (quietly, screamingly inside) the whole time, but he kept telling me how good I felt and how much he loved me. When he was done, I went out to my van and cried and cried and cried."
"As for the hardware, when it all goes up, it will look like this. We went with black for contrast. Classic knobs on the doors, and a more contemporary handle style pull on all of the drawers. These are all from Lowe's. Super cheap! They also have brushed nickel if that's your preference."
"Routinely, hospitals encourage families to have the hospital nursery staff bathe their baby within 2-4 hours after birth to 'decontaminate baby' from the messiness of birth."
"Please use this code when ordering thanks so much."
"I absolutely adored the Christmas Cupcake set that they sent me. The liners were thick and held up nicely when the batter was being poured into them. And the picks were super cute (a Santa, a stocking, a tree and a reindeer) and coordinated with the liners. The kit came with 24 liners (2 styles) and 24 picks (6 of each design), everything you need to make some super cute cupcakes. I actually sprinkled some red and green jimmies (Not included) on top of mine for some added flair. My kids loved the look of the cupcakes. They practically begged me to let them take the cupcakes to school to share with their friends. I haven't used the cupcake wrappers yet, but if they are anything like the cupcake kit, I'm sure I will love them as well."
"WRITE!"
"I also care to point out that this blog may have been encountered by a pedophile, and that makes me seriously question how on Earth they would have arrived on this blog in the first place."
"All I can smell is his hair after a bath, that soft baby smell of Johnson and Johnson. All I can feel is his warm smooth skin, so white it was almost glowing even in broad daylight. All I can focus on are those beautiful green/hazel eyes, those eyes that bespoke of a huge intelligence even back then."
"Lisa’s face froze as she emitted a mirthless chuckle, clearly upset by the man’s boorish attempt at wit. She quickly made her excuses and left. My remark was obviously a mistake, in retrospect, but how was I to know the fellow would be such a graceless twit?"
"An entire movie theater cheered the violent death of a 15 year-old girl. The idea in and of itself is repulsive. We are not supposed to cheer for the death of children. This fact was one of the main points of the source material. Yet this fact was largely missed by hundreds of rabid fans who were hungry for blood. This fact was missed by hundreds of people who forgot their own populist notions. They forgot that like Katniss, Rue and Thresh, Clove, yes even Clove, is one of us. She is a tribute. She has a 1 in 24 chance of surviving and the fact that tributes from her district receive a lifetime of training doesn’t change the fact that she, like all of the other kids, has been sent there to die."
"We all wrestle with wondering what we could have done. Knock. Knock. Knock. How could we have saved him? Knock. Knock. Knock. What words would have saved his life? Knock. Knock. Knock. How much more love could we have given him? Knock. Knock. Knock. How much more compassion? Knock. Knock. Knock. I think about their questions last night, the night before, the community reeling from the after effects of the suicide of someone who only said he was fine."
"I wonder if a sacramental model has something to offer here? In celebrating the sacraments, the church (the community gathered together in some historic continuity) meets around certain actions identifying the contemporary presence of the same deity as the historic texts name. The performance of the sacraments includes narrative, invocation and attentiveness, in bringing the temporal and physical world into conjunction with the eternal and spiritual world. The two are held in a mutually explanatory tension."
"Who IS this child, anyway? Clearly, despite having been surgically removed from my womb, she is no child of mine..."
"-watercress (found in stream side)"
"They pulled up my account information."
"So the tool that makes writers who they are, also makes them spoiled. This is definitely not so, for the artist."
"He was again refused parole in February this year after the High Court set aside the earlier decision and referred the matter back for reconsideration."
"But it can all be explained by sun streaks"
"Earth, water, wind and fire."
"Back by popular demand! We start again in May 1st."
"I can’t believe I’m saying this,"
"** loaves are done when you press on top and it feels firm and the loaves spring back."
"- letting her tell us when she had to go (as opposed to us bringing her - fit with her personality/mood better)"
"William Feehan, 72, New York, N.Y."
"Back to the title. With all of this hard work, and occasional heartbreak, why is calving season “the most wonderful time of the year”?"
"1. The Church started, not in Rome, nor in Germany, England, or Switzerland, but in the East, in Jerusalem, the City of our Lord, and city from which all the Apostles set out. As the Gospel of Luke says, “repentance and remission of sins should be preached in His name to all nations, beginning at Jerusalem” (Lk 24.47); and as it reads in the Acts of the Apostles: “you shall be witnesses to me in Jerusalem, and in Judea and Samaria, and to the ends of the earth” (Acts 1.8). The Orthodox Church of Christ (sometimes called “Eastern Orthodox” or “Greek Orthodox”) is the native Church of the Holy Land, and has owned and operated the most holy sites in Christendom for the past two millennia. The families that are the descendants of those first disciples of Jesus have lived continuously in the Holy Land as devout Orthodox Faithful for the past 2000 years, for the Church of Jerusalem following the Great Schism of 1054, would remain part of the Orthodox Church, not the Roman Catholic Church, although Rome would later establish a presence there."
"I'm not philosophically opposed to having a Christmas tree, it's just hard to rearrange for one, and every year we seem to be busy with other things (this year, an unschooling symposium starts December 28)."
"1 darkened"
"I'm so bored of saying hello everytime, I think I'll say: Hoooooooooyaaaa wonderful people. Anyhow, you know how I've not done an outfit post in a really long time and I felt like I had to get out of my lazy mood and shoot one. However I've been really sick for the past two days Fever, headache and all that crap. On the bright side I've been writing a lot and I'm really glad its been appreciated."
"(root_nsu1c308)@/parag/pkgs/vxvm4/4.0/sparc # ls -l"
"My second boomerang beer was the two year old Cantillon. It was lovely. Sharp, sour but above all beautifully balanced and very smooth. Another Lambic also floated my beer boat this year. It was Revelation Cat's three year old Lambic that had been aged in a Laphraoig whisky cask. An oak aged Lambic! A strange concept but one that worked for me."
"For this project I used Distress inks in Walnut, tea stain, and worn lipstick, paper, Kraft cardstock, coredinations black magic cardstock, sepia accents, glitter, glitter card, x-cut punch and My Minds Eye paper."
"14709 US Hwy 31 North"
"eons"
"Basketball is by far my least favorite sport of the Fantasy Sports I’m covering. Next to professional soccer players, professional basketball players are the biggest overpaid babies ever. I hate how ESPN glorifies basketball over hockey by showing the same exact dunk made by 7 different players usually in different games on the Top Plays and show no love to great hockey plays except on really slow days. Bet the anti-hockey folks (probably first and last time I use the word “folks” in any blog post ever… after that one… starting now) at ESPN were having nightmares on the verge of the NBA lockout for the 2011-12 season since they’d be forced to show hockey highlights from the end of the Super Bowl until March Madness."
"The 2011 car switched to a blade style roll hoop on the grounds of less weight and better airflow to the rear wing. This year the design has switched back to a deeply undercut shape, with the metal inner structure exposed beneath appearing as the four supporting struts for the engine inlet snorkel. Technical Director Andy Green explained that they were able to make this structure even lighter than the blade design. Adding that with raised nose and sidepods, losing weight high up kept the cars Centre of Gravity nice and low."
"It would, in some ways, be good for me to be writing about the job. There are a lot - and y'all, I mean a lot - of things about this institution and the the way the place works that make for SERIOUS blog content. But for a variety of reasons I feel that it's likely I would be un-anonymized by someone there, sooner or later, if I blogged regularly, and for a variety of reasons I feel like I would likely get fired if I were found out while doing a lot of unsavory blogging. It's just not a good idea. And neither is glib happy blogging."
"2 watching"
"6. Washes the dishes when I cook"
"The Cradle Schedule"
"In fact, I feel absolutely out of control. Subconsciously, I know that this is a dangerous thing, what I’m doing. I am well aware that it— if taken too far— can be the death of me. But that’s the problem right there: I can honestly say that I don’t care."
"Rites, initiation, differentiation and association"
"Christianity is about relationship. God and I. You and me. Us and them. And it’s quite possible to have a great relationship with someone and not be a “scholar” of anything. Relationship is what counts in eternity, not knowledge."
"Today arrived from Texas an ebay package I was anxiously awaiting. It´s always a noble act to grab on ebay the failed projects of the fellow wargamer and free him of the weight of having yet another impossible army on the painting table."
"When I picked up the box at the PO, I quickly glanced at the holes and only saw yellow… . “Hmmm, the inner voice piped up. Where are the little black balls of fuzz?” I put the box on the pickup seat, and tore open the packing slip, the invoice correlated with my order of meat birds and pullets, so I headed over to my friend’s house to divvy up the goods."
"Everyone knows this is true,"
"In several small studies, transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) has been effective in temporarily relieving chronic itch associated with varying dermatoses. TENS is a treatment in which mild electrical current is passed through electrodes on the skin to stimulate nerves and block pain signals. Portable TENS units are available for home use."
"NON-FICTION (for review):"
"Here we waited at a couple of bus stops for longer than usual. It may have been for driver change, since we were very close to the Ealing Bus Depot, but no reason was given and soon we pressed on, to pass the large West Middlesex Golf Club and a Sikh place of worship, named Satnam Waheguru, before arriving at the large campus of Ealing Hospital. It is a long way from Ealing, but was presumably built where there was room for all that was needed, next to the older St Bernard's Hospital."
"VG: Life is a glorious mix of light and dark, isn’t it? I have great faith in the strength of the human spirit to make the best of things - but sometimes, don’t we need a bit of help to do that, in the form of a mirror, metaphorically, so we can see ourselves and our situation reflected back at us? Stories are that mirror. In stories, as we"
"So take a chance. Start by taking a small step towards accepting yourself. Live."
"Reduce the heat to medium low and simmer for 10 minutes."
"These candles are AMAZING. As usual with glitter, there's no way to capture their real awesome prettyness on camera. This was as close to their true nature as I got."
"How many days shall I stay here. I have to chill out tomorrow and stuff. Then perhaps move on by third night. It needs to be value for money. Maybe move the tent to a less bumpy plot or get a better under roll."
"Be the wonderful child you know you are and treat your mom to a memorable Mother’s Day in Manhattan. There may be no better place in the world to mark a special occasion, or to make any occasion special. As usual Manhattan offers a full store of goodies for Mother’s Day celebrants."
"Lightning McQueen (Wilson) makes a triumphant return home after winning his fourth Piston Cup, marking him as one of the all-time NASCAR greats. He is happy to hang out with his best friend Tow Mater (Larry the Cable Guy) and his girlfriend Sally (Hunt) when he receives word that a former oil billionaire gone alternative fuel-happy, Sir Miles Axelrod (Izzard) is putting together a World Grand Prix, a series of three races around the world (two of them in Europe, one in Asia – none in North America which seemed to be bending a bit backwards not to make this one as overly American as the first Cars) showcasing his new alternative fuel Alinol."
"So happy belated birthday JR, and happy early birthday to meeeeee!"
"I have a cabinet literally bursting with dry spices, rubs, blends and mixes; some name brand stuff, some of my own concoctions, and some I get from the Spice Corner in Philadelphia (which is also an excellent place to visit if you're ever in the Italian Market section of the city.) I have tried tons of different dry rubs on pork and beef ribs. I like to experiment. I figure I'm investing a whole day of drinking and sports watching while slow cooking ribs so I want to have some fun tinkering. Whats the fun in having the end result always come out the same after all?"
"Wikipedia definition for Assertiveness is ” a form of behavior characterized by a confident declaration or affirmation of a statement without need of proof; this affirms the person’s rights or point of view without either aggressively threatening the rights of another (assuming a position of dominance) or submissively permitting another to ignore or deny one’s rights or point of view.”"
"It’s Tribe Time."
"'And now for snap-dragon,' said Marian."
"For some reason they seemed to have gone around us here."
"T. = Tuesday"
"My recommendations: Again, like many of the glosses I featured in Glosswatch, I would like to see how this gloss works in other colors. (I'm particularly interested in the peachy Guavagold, red-gold Fireberry, and punchy-red Juicy Apple.) I'm definitely purchasing a new tube of this to replace the one I have right now, though, just for the staying power and the SPF. And definitely, definitely wearing this with mascara and eyeliner."
"In many cases, though, the term has been blown out of proportion and teenagers over use it by hash-tagging it in pictures and wall posts on Facebook because it’s become trendy."
"This lovely girl has been visiting us for a while now. This picture was taken from the back deck and she was around a hundred yards away, on the pasture."
"There was no major event it just kind of happened. I starting thinking about all the little things. I have know it in my mind forever but never verbalized any of it."
"As great as the night was, this guy hasn’t changed and it’s all a show. People do change, but it doesn’t happen that quickly."
"I attempted to do the 10 days on my own. I ate a lot of quinoa, black beans, and things made with whole wheat flour. I think I lasted maybe 5 days. During the entire time, my stomach hurt and I had terrible gas. I remember too that I tried to go out for a friend’s birthday. I felt so miserable while still trying to eat this way. It was an unpleasant experience for everyone."
"Pure awe when I feel your tiny feet and little hands kicking and punching, and I wonder if you'll be awake this much when you get here."
"And, when you thought she could deliver nothing more beautiful, she gave us my wonderful brother Tommy at the age of 42. A tough C-section, and beset with physical problems the rest of his life, she still never looked at him as anything other than her son, she made sure he got to school, danced at the school dance, watched his favorite sports, enjoying life to the fullest."
"Star Wars - Taff style."
"It could be the hand that guides you from the rain,"
"Week 1 of de-cluttering the playroom pit went well. I tossed out all sorts of broken, loud and sad toys. I took about half away, and they are in their storage bins in a room Connor does not have access to. And a bunch are in the pile of things to be sold. Gotta nail down a garage sale date now."
"Bob nodded with a cocky confidence -- the crowd went nuts. He hadn't missed a question all week."
"§ How can a young man keep his way pure? By keeping it according to Thy word."
"Your product will also go under the Giveaways tab where the product, a link to your blog, and the lucky winner will remain posted as long as this blog is alive."
"My dreams."
"Footprints, that perhaps another,"
"Going All Natural With OLED"
"QUICHE LORRAINE"
"However, as you must have realised by now, the ideologues who run our country are not rational."
"Truly be accountable and transparent."
"Last week, in the wake of the Trayvon Martin case, I wrote about wearing a hoodie at night while walking my dog and possibly frightening some pedestrians. That prompted an insightful response from Judy Maltenfort."
"Those who have enjoyed any of these three elements in isolation will only be able to imagine the result of a collaboration of this calibre. To fully appreciate the fun and entertainment available you really will need to be there on the night. With a venue that is a mere stagger from public transport options and the promise of some very special beer offerings and the Prof’s famous Beer Trivia and talent for finding the humour in every situation what more encouragement do you really need?"
"The Horse Show: A Training Ground for Virtue, Endurance, and Dirt Tolerance..."
"and Paul Tiessen, Wilfred Laurier University"
"Such a form of arguing seems to imply that there's a right and a wrong way to see these things. Now I can understand the desire to at least try to 'get right' what someone is trying to say before disagreeing with it. But I think its often subtly implied that there's a right way, and its the OOO way, and those who have a different opinion simply just don't understand it yet. Firstly, until more texts are in the public domain, the logistics of 'understanding' remains a challenging endeavor, requiring the sifting through of blog posts over many months. But more pertinently, while there are virtues to 'getting right' what a person is saying or trying to say, I'm much more interested, as Deleuze would say, with putting a philosophy 'to work.' So if saying that I or other bloggers miss something is a way of saying maybe that we disagree, fine. But its kinda condescending to say that others keep misunderstanding things. Do you mean misunderstanding you, or the 'order of things', the 'way the world works'? I promise to not condescend to you if you don't condescend to me, but so far, it feels a bit like a oneway street. Can't we agree that its ok to disagree, and not everything is misunderstanding?"
"Finally, I am greatly indebted to renowned zoologist Dr Desmond Morris, Curator of Mammals at London Zoo during much of the 1960s, for sharing with me the following priceless anecdote concerning these singing dogs. When Spike Milligan visited the zoo one day, Dr Morris showed them to him, and informed him that they belonged to Sir Malcolm Sargent. Spike’s opinion, given by way of reply, was, as always, purest Milliganesque:"
"i'll be back later. OK, tomorrow. i'm going to bed now, been a very, very, very long day."
"On the other end of the rankings, UAB has taken a commanding lead for last place. The Blazers are 23 points on the wrong side of zero, with Memphis and Idaho giving chase four points back."
"Biggie: Fine!"
"F is for fissures and fluid retention,"
"These pictures aren't the best since I hurriedly snapped a picture before quickly wrapping them to be delivered. I do like the way the snowmen turned out. This year, I'm planning on doing a little Winter decorating. It's fun to have something crafty to think and work on while I wait for Valentines."
"1 consulting"
"subject the object ... object the subject"
"The Snowman is well known, so I just could not resist a slightly twisted take on it. Delighted that M CivLib was interested in taking this piece."
"But don't get so carried away that you forget to peel away the wax paper liner..."
"27 One Nation under Clod"
"Address: Homemaker Centre, 100 Pearcedale Pde"
"The nation’s first Homeland Security secretary is airing some dirty laundry from the Bush administration: He says he was pushed to raise the terror alert level on the eve of the 2004 presidential election."
"One college student and the tour guide died after treatment failed in hospital. Four others were treated in hospital. Two students were missing,they said."
"As the technology advanced further and more and more gamers started getting attracted to the computer games, the need to update the gaming system was realised."
"And when you tap on the field, the selection will popup. Note the label “Category” is too long to shown, it truncated, however every item there can be adjusted using CSS, check out the duckumention’s properties of textfield."
"- 3/4 pint Stoli vodka (in a jar)"
"* Purchase either of the other Dulcie O'Neil books (To Kill A Warlock or A Tale of Two Goblins) and get extra points! (+5 points per book--simply send me an email to hpmalloryauthor at yahoo dot com and tell me what the first sentence of chapter twelve is in either Warlock or Goblins to verify that you purchased it. Please don't leave the first sentence in the blog post--just mention that you purchased the book and email me separately!)"
"I cleaned up the original pulls with white vinegar and table salt, my go-to metal cleaner/polisher."
"Ted rolls his eyes, \"When you have finished trying to be witty can you and Jamie come through to the meeting room I need a word.\""
"And I know that in the past year I have met MANY non-transgender lesbian, gay and bisexual queer folks who stand with their transgender friends and the transgender community. I think of Brian in New York and Jane in Washington State and Sharon in London and Suzy in Maryland and Christine in Colorado and Doug in Oregon and Doris in Vancouver and Tim in Tennessee and many many more."
"Jeremiah was God’s preacher to a nation that was bent on its own destruction. Not only was there resistance from the nation in general, but especially disappointing was there resistance from those of the priestly class that had some semblance of knowledge. As God’s preacher was lamenting his circumstances he cries out to the Lord, “O Lord, You induced me…” (Jeremiah 20:7). The word “induced” is also rendered “coerced,” “enticed,” “persuaded.”"
"Tuesday 20 october 2009 22h45"
"Do you have any siblings? What are they like?"
"Olay Lotion $6.99"
"Except for the Bangladesh and PRC that were randomly taking photos of ppl. Like they are armed with their camera phones, and snapping away at random ppl. Especially girls wearing bikinis. Tall, short, fat, skinny, black, white, pretty, ugly. They just take photo of all of them."
"My paper is My Mind's Eye Dilly Dally and I paper pieced the little outfit!"
"It looks like Wednesdays in France is about to become Everyday in France as we pack our bags and take the Thursday flight out for Paris. We arrive on May 4 and booked in for Sue's 60th Birthday at a small restaurant next to the Shakespeare and Company bookshop overlooking the Seine and Notre Dame. It will be a thrill to share with my Daughter and our Son, the Paris we have enjoyed from past trips."
"And now it’s 1am and Yay! we’re HOME!!…and just finishing off……Would be great to have you leave a comment about what stands out for you……."
"The ferry from Digby to St. John"
"Unanswered from the still white realm above;"
"You are driving. Someone flips you off. What is the best reaction?"
"Medicinal mushrooms have long been used in Asia as an energy tonic to help promote longevity and overall health. Amongst the many types of medicinal mushrooms, including Maitake, Cordyceps, and Shiitake, Reishi is one of the most versatile medicinal mushrooms."
"Shepheard, Paul – Artificial Love : A story of Machines and Architecture, MIT Press, 2003"
"3. Honor Your Body (physical)"
"What tasks do you put off?"
"As the premier sedation dentist in Connecticut, I’ve learned a few things over the last 30 years at Gentle Dental Care in Plainville, CT that have been personally and professionally important in the quality care of my patients. They also have improved my personal happiness and growth."
"...which is much easier to remember, and visualize, but not the text book standard. At any rate, while the cookies baked, the older children went off to watch a Standard Deviant video review of the whole thing (here), while the younger children watched a reading of The Greedy Triangle (here), in time for us to all come back together for cookies and milk and The Nonagon."
"Usually at the mention of nightmares they shy away and pull faces, until I tell them about the nightmare I had. It was a few years ago now, but that doesn’t matter, I tell them of how I’d dreamed of a horribly monstrous grave digger – and I'll do a swift impression so they get the picture! I tell them how I woke up in a cold sweat but instead of letting the bad dream worry or frighten me, I made good use of it - I scribbled it down on a scrap of paper by my bed."
"For if we have become united with Him in the likeness of His death, certainly we shall also be in the likeness of His resurrection, knowing this, that our old self was crucified with Him, in order that our body of sin might be done away with, so that we would no longer be slaves to sin; for he who has died is freed from sin."
"29. Going In Circles—Friends Of Distinction"
"Some may say, “Father, you often write of trying times in your priesthood – misunderstandings, unhappy work situations and other challenges in your work in the Church.” That is correct! As I look back over 68 years, I am glad that I never had perfect control over the happenings in my life. The dark side of daily living gave me the chance to turn to the Lord passing by and beg Him for help in a hundred different ways."
"Tonight we went out to dinner and when I got home at 7:30, something happened. I got into work mode! I painted the bathroom ceiling and trim, did all the dishes, washed the counters, and scrubbed the kitchen floor. Wow. What happened?"
"Monday I posted:"
"The unit included a reading component, several images of various Australian Symbols, a vocabulary activity and spelling quizzes."
"Here are some close-ups."
"The packaging on this doesn't lie. It literally dries your polish in less than a minute! I usually paint my nails and give them about an hour to set on their own, then swipe a coat of this over them and ta-da! Dry nails! It leaves them nice and shiny and pretty too... and it helps your polish last for days. I'm not even kidding you - my nails have stayed shiny and unchipped for a good 5 days. No idea what is in this stuff, but it's basically the best ever."
"Happy Friday and Happy Early Mother's Day to all the Moms out there!"
"The raised fist salute consists of raising the right arm with a clenched fist (preferably with a white glove). The clenched fist symbolizes strength, honour and defiance against the Marxist tyrants of Europe while the white glove symbolizes purity, duty, kinship and martyrdom."
"Acutally, I made two calendars, one with just The Millions' picks and one that uses The Millions' list as a base, but includes other books I am looking foward to. (examples: What It Is Like to Go to War by Karl Marlantes, The Night Circus by Erin Morgenstern, Ready Player One by Ernest Cline, and The Taste of Salt by Martha Southgate)."
"Cherish all of the Little Moments"
"_____I have some friends who don't have a Facebook profile. We have nothing to talk about."
"Granted, I work from home while he's out \"busting his butt,\" so the least I can do is his laundry, right? Well, I don't mind doing it - really I don't. Laundry is a small task in my eyes. After all, I don't literally wash anything - the washing machine does."
"Straight-up contemporary YA. With dry humor. And they usually center around a love story while also facing a modern-day-teen issue head-on. Not surprisingly, this is also the type of book I enjoy reading the most."
"The price, as the old song says, is all right."
"It was a bold decision in 2011 for Red Bull to develop their own Battery system for the Renault Marelli KERS. Not wanting to sacrifice wheelbase and fuel tank volume with under-tank mounted batteries, instead Newey mounted the batteries near the gearbox. In fact three batteries packs were fitted, one larger pack either side of the gearbox and a small array inside the top of the gearbox case. Exposed to more heat and vibration the KERS caused problems throughout 2011 and led to the driver having it unavailable at critical points in qualifying and races. I understand the battery positions remain for this year. It was never clear if Red Bull actually had a full power KERS in 2011. The rumours persisted of a Mini-KERS, suggesting the system discharged nearer 40Kw, rather than the maximum allowable 60Kw."
"First course commenced"
"I almost think I would need to see it again to be able to decide whether it was truly a good show. Any of you who have seen it, please give me your opinions!"
"In the coming days, you will hear many asking whether Hillary Clinton’s bid for the White House fell short because of sexism. And there will be that related question, “is Obama sexist?”"
"But then I have to step back, remove myself from that space, from that heavy distraught feeling. I have to let it go. It hangs there, it doesn't dissipate, but I stand outside rather than within it. It is done, this has happened, the situation is, what can I do now? Not make this mistake again. Not go to the writer's conference this year. Try to squeeze this money out of other areas of my life. Feeling distraught and sick over it, that wont help at all."
"1/4 tbs salt"
"Whenever something like this happens in the media (the story, not the puns),"
"Also People with a good attitude and a sense of humour are treasures, and if that goes side by side with a tolerant nature and openess and compassion to all things, then I admire them hugely and, yes, knowing that there are people just like that in our world today makes me fill up with happiness!"
"Let the mixture sit until it appears creamy, (as pictured above) usually about 20 minutes"
"Stir the yellow icing gently with a rubber spatula to break any bubbles on the surface and transfer to a squeeze bottle. Fill in the rose with the thinned, flood icing."
"Then Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, to the camp at Gilgal."
"The Azalea Assault"
"So, being nice is not always about putting others before you but is about putting yourself before others where it would benefit you as well as the others."
"3.) What type of style do you go for in drawing?"
"Sony Electronics has signed deals with self-publishing behemoth Author Solutions and ebook platform Smashwords to distribute their ebooks through Sony's own online epub portal. This has the potential to be a huge step forward for self-publishing authors using the family of companies owned by Author Solutions. They include iUniverse, AuthorHouse, Xlibris, Trafford and Wordclay. Exact details of how the new deal with Sony Electronics will work regarding the companies owned by Author Solutions has yet to be disclosed."
"14. The Specters - The Chainsaw Song"
"‘Immediately the VC"
"That tricky word's Iclandic, meaning 'small goods' so they say,"
"Kendra from My Insanity recently hosted an ABC 1st Birthday for her son and boy did it come out super cute! (Not to mention - her son is super cute too!) Before I came across the blog post she did for the party, I had seen the cake numerous times on Pinterest! I love that feeling when you find the source of awesomeness!"
"Within the year Greg had an exhibition of his photographs at a restaurant on one of the canals. He was great a supporter of edgy art and often became impassioned in defence of art that was banned or excoriated by the majority."
"We are grateful that he was home for as long as he was."
"So while I probably should be packing, I've been going for runs and walks and making soup and braised ribs and taking afternoon naps."
"Records - Fordham Prep 2-0; All Hallows 0-2."
"Wonder how many of you out there have had self inflicted injury from extreme writing? I am available to make comforting remarks in sympathy."
"Not long now and Granny will be a Great Great Granny, maybe even by this time next week, when Soldier Boy & Dil deliver there first child :-)"
"In partnership with the City of New York and the community, the Prospect Park Alliance restores, develops, and operates Prospect Park for the enjoyment of all by caring for the natural environment, preserving historic design, and serving the public through facilities and programs. Prospect Park's 585 acres of meadows, waterfalls, forest, lakes, and athletic facilities comprise a masterwork of urban green space. For more information on Prospect Park events, programs, membership, and volunteering, call the Park Hotline at (718) 965-8999 or visit www.prospectpark.org."
"Well, now isn’t that interesting."
"The second day was similar to the first, but with fewer episodes. He still cried and pushed away, but near the end of the torrent, he reached out for a hug and within moments was calm and right as rain."
"And you may not find any you’ll want to go down. In that case, of course, you’ll head straight out of town. It’s opener there in the wide open air."
"Neither of us are dessert people – but he was tempted by the Bailey’s Irish Cream chocolate mousse cake and I succumbed to a Peppers classic desert – bread and butter pudding (served the Ruffles way with berry compote and toffee ice cream). It topped off the magnificent meal."
"This is a fairly random piece of writing, which I suppose makes sense, considering it's about the world of dreams. Jarrell tells of a boy who can fly—or float, actually—at night. He appears to be somewhere between 8 and 10. In the first few paragraphs David seems pretty ordinary, living in a pretty neighborhood where he climbs trees with the cat. But then we learn \"At night David can fly.\" Though apparently he has trouble remembering these dreams and how to fly when morning comes. Anyway, we follow David one night as he floats into his parents' bedroom, where he can see what they are dreaming:"
"Resignation is no substitute for prosecution and conviction. It's time for the police to start arresting one another."
"If something does not do any harm, keep it up. Don´t let anyone tell you otherwise."
"March: $25 from Pureprofile (online surveys)"
"For example, the blog has EPO Form 2300 available as a download to enable opponents to launch oppositions."
"The car issue was not so easily remedied. After ruling out that the battery was in good working order, talented Daddy continued his diagnosis. Starter. No big deal. Okay, it was a big deal. In this particular car the starter is located underneath the engine or that is how it has been explained to me."
"To Whom It May Concern:"
"It's the secret guarded well"
"2. Bird On A Wire"
"In what way will you choose to be purposeful today?"
"I was pretty busy after she went to bed."
"-ijust lay there shaking; surrounded in blood. I’d been stabbed in my side and punched in the face. I was fighting for breath, knowing my life was coming to an end."
"Scallop mat White cut from Elegant Edges pg. 24 (shift) 5\""
"She stares"
"Pedestrians do have other options, though - take it to the streets and walk curbside. This style, along with walking diagonally across streets and through intersections rather than perpendicular at crosswalks, is a good indicator that the individual is a New Yorker. Tourists will rarely walk in such a manner - only when absolutely necessary, but certainly not as the regular habit common with so many city residents."
"As the ‘War Machine’ rolls into town for a summit, expect that the"
"I ended up with a recipe that looked very plain but tasted exceptionally delicious and soothing. It was kind of like an unusual comfort food. My husband liked it so much, he had a heaping bowl of seconds."
"69. Was it love at first sight, or should I walk by again?"
"King: What do you want, woman? What is the purpose of these acts of vandalism?"
"This was the second time that my husband, Al, competed in the race. Last year his team took second place. As the race has become more popular, more teams and tougher teams have entered. Saturday there were about 30 teams of all ages. This year the teams were a lot harder to beat, so, unfortunately, after 3 races Al’s team was out. For each round, two boats are race against each other, after two losses a team is out of the race. Each boat has a drummer who’s pulsation of the drum is the “heartbeat” of the dragon and sets the rhythm for the rowers."
"We drank Cuba Libres and danced for hours."
"It panned out because he landed some financial partners who also love the area, including Matt Kruger of Chicago and Connecticut's Clifford Mallory and Konrad Wos."
"THE Enfield Nine returned to work this week after two weeks of intense strike action."
"Huh? Whazzat? Wow!"
"But to make me your home,"
"One method, while not entirely new, offers an alternative to the top-down practice of lecturing students and having them take notes and fill out worksheets. Classrooms that exhibit this type of learning are called “Flipped Classrooms”. Flipped Classrooms basically do just that, they flip the typical practice of education on its head, enabling students to explore knowledge individually, and teachers act more like moderators and a reliable source of wisdom and facilitation."
"OCALA, Fla. — An Ocala woman called 911 and told police that she shot her husband while in their home at the 1200 block of S.E. 19th Street Wednesday night, Marion County investigators said Thursday."
"Great vacation, hmm? Oh well. Them’s the breaks."
"Something I was struck with watching it this time was how American Apparel it all was. I was reminded of a post Stevie did ages ago about dirty dancing, and how it made her want to go to American Apparel. Well, it may be about a year later, but i get it now! Swishy dance skirts like the floor length maxi's they have in store now. Denim cut offs and washed out saturated leotards. Checked skirts and tight white chinos. 60s, but informed by the 80s. It's that exact kind of preppy dance-slut that AA loves. (I guess they don't call it dirty dancing for nothing, har har har). Now, I'm not one of those by any stretch of the imagination, but the whole thing has got me thinking. Who wouldn't want to be Baby having a summer fling?"
"I’d been easing my way back into cooking. One of the first things I did when I got back was to sign up for a new shift at the Park Slope Food Coop so I could get back into the store—I am now “food prep,” which I am told secretly means “cheese taster.” I made a trip to Koreatown to stock up on Korean groceries, including a daikon radish the size of my calf that I plan to turn into kimchi. But I started with cooking just one-plate meals, feeling sort of overwhelmed by how busy life is when you actually have to work."
"Well, I got off to a great start... One post and then I missed a week! It was Spring Break though and we went to the beach... But I didn't miss my journaling... What a gift it has been, I am learning SO much along the way..."
"I’d really like to get the seasons of The Office, How I Met Your Mother, Community, Scrubs, and Glee that I don’t currently own. I’m sure I could come up with a few others."
"You need to find an experienced literary consultant/marketing expert that can help you with this. There are many providers out there and it shouldn’t cost very much but it’s important to find the right person that knows what agents/publishers are looking for. Please do not have it edited at this stage, as this is not required. If you would like us to arrange this for you, please let me know immediately.(The bolding is Jane's.) So in addition to offering referrals to literary agents, is the BWA also offering referrals to literary consultants? If so, this is odd--I can't think of any industry expert who'd suggest that writers hire a literary consultant to tweak their synopsis. Also, if the BWA is providing consultant referrals, what's the relationship--if any--between the BWA and the consultant(s)? Transparency is extremely important here, since, even though such a program may be perfectly above-board, referrals of this sort have been extensively abused over the years."
"1/5"
"Today's craft brewers face many challenges including the following:"
"Thanks for stopping by my post today."
"it's often the details that make an outfit."
"Taylor Swift – “Safe & Sound”"
"Eliminating reasons is great for individuals who want to perform but it seems the death-knell for slackers. And it’s effort, the actual gritty kind of supervision-in-the-trenches function that does not have a whiff associated with beauty about this. But if you do it and take off your individuals excuses, you are on your way to creating a top-performing team."
"I own a dog. A young German shepherd. Not a 100% pure breed but I love her nevertheless. Only a trained eye can tell the difference. This is she."
"strong vs. weak becoming moot in this context."
"Besides suffering from Melted Brain Syndrome, I am sitting here in shock and awe. I am amazed at two things."
"While a bit simplified, we can boil down the main difference between management and leadership to be: Leadership is about leading people and influencing behavior. Management is about managing processes and securing results."
"If you're local, come to Proctor's this weekend for the Melodies of Christmas. All of the net proceeds benefit the Melodies Center for Childhood Cancer and Blood Disorders at the Children's Hospital at Albany Medical Center. My darling daughter will be singing in the Empire State Youth Chorale. If you can't come to the show, they play it on TV (CBS) on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day as well. Look for her smiling face!"
"“Vanya! I have found a cave!” Without hesitation, Kostya bounded across the rocks to it. As he neared, his radio burst into static. With a quick push of a button on his arm, the radio went silent."
"My logic being, if the fries were crap, the chances were the rest of the food wasn't that amazing."
"We have a cute couple, Deepika Sundar (a chirpy Tamilian girl) and Rishab Khanna (a handsome Punjabi boy) who after a lot of trials and tribulations convince their parents and get married, and within a couple of years think of getting divorced! On mutual grounds, of course. The trouble they majorly face here is: their parents have developed a fondness for them as well as their respective families. They now look up to Deepika and Rishab as the ideal couple and wish for the other children of their community to follow suit. Oh, and did I mention, how desperately both the families look forward to the couple having a baby!?! It’s true when they say, in India you don’t just marry a person, you marry the entire clan!"
"I guess you had your big golf party yesterday. Some guy named Bubba won. I guess that IBM chick was there in her pink jacket."
"“This really is the last minute,” he said. “Bill Miller is basically there in terms of his bid and we would expect to know by Monday or Tuesday whether we’re dealing with Bill Miller or not and whether we’re dealing with the Blue Knights or not. Both parties need approval from the football authorities, otherwise it makes a mockery of the business plan."
"KIRKISM: “You worry about your miracles, Scotty. I’ll worry about mine.”"
"Thanks to everyone for all your nice comments and for being a follower of my blog..."
"The Daleks will make an appearance as it is clear that some of the action takes place at the Time War"
"Chesterbelloc's Influence"
"Check out all her goodies..."
"Recently I attended an event called Apronology hosted by the Costume Society of Ontario, I heard many stories from women who remembered their mother or grandmother wearing a specific apron. Joyce Cheney, who wrote a book called Aprons: Icons of the American Home, published in 2000 by Running Press, said: \"The power of aprons lies in how they make us feel and what they help us remember.\""
"\"What's the turtle's name?\" - Linze"
"I am quite clearly what some may call ‘a bit rubbish’ at keeping this blogging malarkey a regular thing. However, due to immense boredom on a Sunday afternoon HERE I AM! (Please imagine in the campest way imaginable, jazz hands included)."
"Another important line (in my opinion) was \"We will make every effort to work with Ministers in Cardiff to achieve what is best for Wales\". Her PPS takes exactly the same view, and thinks this a good line to finish on."
"And not just that. As my eyes have aged, I have found that my camera's lens has better eyesight than me. Taking photographs allows me to linger over details and make discoveries about a piece that I wouldn't necessarily see from a casual glance."
"We dr?ve t? P?cific Landing ?n Long Beach, California, aft?r stopping to bu? ?ome special lu?es dad n?eded fo? us kids. Walking in?ide the landing off?ce was exciting in itself, the sights and smells wer? of fish?ng ?nd fun. The walls ?ere covered with taxider?y trophies, ?ne a very hugh ‘Black Se? Bass’, had ? Cuban cigar in it’s mouth and exc?ted us even more. The boats outside were 85′ to 110′ ?n l?ngth, painted blue and white ?nd looked li?e some sort of floating heaven. We rented th? appropriate fi?hing rods and re?ls fo? ?e and m? brother. Dad helped ?s pick ?ut the right fishing tackle and leaders needed for big game fish. Finally, we got new gunny sacks to k?ep ou? catch in, and boa?ded th? boat."
"The lights go out…"
"Zany isn't enough to keep you going three seasons. Part of what helps is Michael, who looks like (and thinks he is) the Marilyn in the Munsters Family. The normal one. Except what is awesome is Michael is just as looney tunes as the rest of the family. All of them have a distorted view of themselves and their world and their place in it. While Michael sees how wrong his mother's relationship with her youngest son is, Michael and George Michael's relationship isn't much better."
"* I fall asleep earlier on Fridays then I do any other night of the week... Party Girl, I am not"
"When I first got the news, all I could think about was my precious Lily. My prognosis was grim and I had only 15 months to live without treatment. After looking at my husband and child, I knew that I had to do whatever it took to save my life. My husband and I immediately flew out to Boston, and I underwent extrapleural pneumenectomy surgery. The surgery required that I have my left lung removed. I was to go through chemotherapy and radiation treatment afterwards. All of this was very overwhelming."
"“When a group list their influences as The Band, Anti-Nowhere League and Electric Light Orchestra you know you’re either in for something special or they’re really taking the piss. Fortunately Sirs fall into the first category, bringing an assault of dissonant chords and unbridled passion.”- Dawn of the Deaf"
"For the uninitiated I won’t delve into story details much further, because the mid-story twist might sort of work for some people, even if I find it to be largely unengaging. No points will be awarded for guessing that the Kraal invasion involves androids, and the title of the serial is somewhat emblematic of its bigger problems: the whole thing just seems rather ordinary, or it descends into a sort of tedium as it moves along, anyway. Episode One is actually rather nice, being an exploration of the oft-talked about “spooky English village” concept, but things start quickly falling apart in the second episode, and it’s as if the more you find out, the less you care to know."
"Rural consanguineous marriages = 37.9%"
"Cilantro for garnishing"
"Till then, have a blessed weekend ahead. :)"
"The other pic bought by the Monolith/God that Crawls stretch goal. The color page will go between the adventure, with the first side being Rainville's pic that is now this blog's header image, and this Longmore piece here being the other side... matching the fact that Rainville is handling all the God that Crawls stuff and Longmore's doing all the rules supplement stuff."
"I didn’t even bring any knitting with me today. I need to do a gauge swatch for the next pair of socks and I didn’t really feel like doing that today. I probably should have brought a hat with to finish, but my heart just wasn’t in it."
"help people look back and appreciate on what they’ve had,"
"I pray he gets talked into doing more with his teeth. He really needs about $1400 to $2000 and he will be set for, most likely, the rest of his life. He has been quite reluctant, and I think for a number of reasons. Now he has to step in and the dental shop may work with him a bit more. I might be able to put some decent money on this, next month. I want to start building a reserve for the house and in general, and this is my first easy money month, so if he will just get them to give him a real new quote, I will have something to work with. Depending, I would be willing to put $400 up front and promise $600 to $800 in $200 a month payments. It would help him a great deal."
"So now we are snuggled in the house. Feeling a bit sleepy from our romp...ready to snuggle down and sleep deeply."
"b. Un educated."
"Enter our new client... \"The Chinese People\". It was a disaster from the beginning. It was our practice to tell clients when we were selling our service that we only did, \"Skeleton\" cleaning. Our prices were cheap and we were quickly in and out. We requested that the house be empty when we cleaned because it was faster and more comfortable for everyone. If a regular client needed us to do something special, every once in a while, we would do a \"Special Request\"."
"I think this is going to work pretty well for us. Thanks for making it one of the challenges, Toni!"
"produce products? Make the difference. Start today to impact your customers, employees."
"Could last semesters Animal Science 621 class please meet in Mrs. Gallant’s room at first break."
"So for 2012, I’m doing it again. Yes, I did order components for 4 albums. One of those sets will be my 2012 album. The other 3 are for the extra pictures that I still have in a box. If I can get them in albums and then add the journaling I will actually be caught up on scrapbooking. That would never happen with the way I use to scrapbook."
"and when I say a few I mean a few plants!"
"We did the papers on Thursday and let them dry overnight. On Friday, i modeled how to cut different papers into shapes to create a collage picture like Carle does. Most students were quite successful with this, and they were very interested in becoming \"real\" illustrators."
"I began with an ampersand mask that I had in my stash but I wanted the masked section to be the negative of the shape not the outside."
"This year a cornfield has been planted across the lane from where I live, and the corn is tall and dense and very, very spooky. Yes, corn does rustle. And yes there are strange noises. And yes, creatures of all kinds live in the corn. Or at least visit it. I’ve seen deer come charging out of the corn and cross the lane in front of me. I’ve seen birds, cats, skunks. And, most astonishing of all, a fox. Never seen a fox before, but there it was, slinking out of a row of stalks. It started crossing the lane in front of me, stopped, stared at me, then streaked back into the corn. Within a second it had disappeared."
"I like to dice these ends up and fry them with onions and garlic, the beginnings of either a hearty chowder or in this case a delicious pasta dish. I'll swap out lean prosciutto, whenever these bacon ends are unavailable."
"Raytown EMS will be hosting the Community Blood Center’s Blood Drive at the EMS Station on May 23rd from 3:00 to 6:00pm. You may sign up either online at savealifenow.org and use raytownems as the password or contact Kim (737-6030) to schedule an appointment or for any questions. Walk-ins are also welcomed. All persons who attend the blood drive and attempt to donate blood will receive a voucher for \"buy one get one free\" ticket to Schlitterbahn Water Park."
"“When one of my old Labour Party acquaintances expressed anxiety over Islamic terrorism, I asked him why he had always been so keen on getting as many immigrants here as possible. He told me that he had been ‘trying to make the revolution’. So, while it had not been possible to storm Buckingham Palace and set up Soviets in Westminster, you could still change the population and supplant the hated ‘other’.”"
"67. Go camping"
"\"Mostly she's there to keep the mood up,\" said Labuschagne."
"Goddamn, I love summer."
"Respectfully Submitted,"
"A healthy nail (with healthy skin beneath its bed) has a pretty, pinkish hue. When it doesn’t, that may be a reason to worry. “When all of the nails turn yellow it can be a sign of lung disease or diabetes,” says Dr. Arielle Kauvar, a New York City dermatologist. “Yellow spots on the nails can be an indicator of fungus or psoriasis.” Since any of these conditions warrants treatment by a doctor, it’s worth seeing a dermatologist if yellow nails persist. Women who frequently wear very dark nail polish for long periods of time (especially without using a protective basecoat underneath it) may also notice a slight yellowing of their nails, but it’s no reason to panic. The nails are merely stained from the polish and will return to their normal shade if they are left unpolished for a while."
"Hello again dear reader,"
"Image: Kate Spade Fall/Winter 2011 ad campaign featuring Bryce Dallas Howard, via Storemags.com."
"4. Did anyone close to you die?"
"Therefore, by the simple standard of serving the citizens of this nation, and compromising to pass legislation to take care of the debt and deficit, these men and women on this committee have failed us."
"Benson has such a stong trunk and is starting to be able to sit up by himself with our watch and help with balance of course. It is amazing how well he does though. He also loves standing while being supported at the arms."
"Chopped nuts can be added to the cake or to the topping."
"Anyone else feel like they just can’t slow down their lives? How do you say no when you want to do something but you know you should do something else?"
"‘Oh, I’m OK. They canceled my medical though.’"
"In a shocking and completely unprecedented turn of events the porn gang find themselves running out of petrol on an isolated stretch of road with still a hundred miles to go to their intended destination and things only get worse when they stumble upon a dilapidated petrol station that doesn’t have any petrol but does have liberal supplies of cocaine and a local nutcase (Irwin Keyes) who thinks the best way to make friends is to jump out people wearing a wrestling mask. Local nutcase points the porno kids back to the road and portentously adds that they will have to pass La Sangre de Dios to complete their journey."
"a check up.\""
"Haha, I love this photo!"
"See for yourself:"
"Hope you're having a stress-free day! Lisa"
"The incredible damage was the one caused to millions of persons by the Canadian companies specialized in the mining of gold, precious metals and radioactive materials."
"On it is me and my friend Alice! I am a model for most of the products and we both participate in the tutorials"
"I too, found the “No” document mentioned in Pugh off-putting, just because it set up exclusive attitudes from the beginning and reinforced stereotypes of archives and rare book rooms. While I don’t like the idea of having patrons photocopy their own materials, I am beginning to support more liberal alternatives for photocopying within reason and capability. We tend to operate under ‘fair use’ policies for photocopying under copyright, but oblige patrons more recently with use of digital cameras and options for scanning materials. I just think patrons need respectful reminders about the policies concerning preservation."
"Owning a vineyard is a labor intensive business. To grow grapes for making wine the owner of the vineyard must invest a great deal of time and money to cultivate vines in the right soil, in the right location, hoping for perfect weather and sunlight in order to bring in a good harvest with is fit for making wine. It takes years for a vineyard to produce sufficient fruit to make a good wine. Sometimes it takes as many as ten years before new vines are mature and ready for wine-making. During the process the vineyard owner must carefully prune his vines and care for the daily, inspecting for disease or pests. There is a joke among vineyard owners: how do you make a small fortune with a winery? Start with a large fortune and buy a winery."
"Be sure that your school’s anti-bullying rules and policies address cyberbullying."
"It smelled like beer and tomato juice and dog pee. It was a really gross combo of smells."
"These three cartoons also fit rightly with the roller coaster analogy above."
"To get the most savings, be sure you sign up for BeFrugal's free Cash Back and activate your account before you click to use the coupon offers above. This way, you'll earn Cash Back, save big from using these deals and score your $10 bonus if you just signed up for a new account!"
"Baraka is the Arabic word for blessing (of course, it’s so much more, but you know…semantics). I feel blessed to speak darija (Moroccan dialect of Arabic) because that means that I can participate in the daily Moroccan baraka exchange."
"….and some books…. some very good books….. I do love to read…. and look at pictures too…."
"But what is it like? If you weren't being swayed by the classy label, and the most advanced corking system you've ever seen (the Zork Cork), would it taste as good? Blind tasting time! Three of us put the F.A. Schäffler Triple against the Härte 10... well, Tripel."
"That struck a chord in me as I began to make all kinds of spiritual and practical applications. We are all on a journey where the only thing we can actually control is our response to it- our attitude and our faith. Bridgett was encouraging Jess to embrace the adventure, hang on and see what happens."
"So I circled the two that needed to be done with the replacement of the Master Cylinders and when you do that you have to get your Brake system flushed. RepairApp did mention that too!"
"If you can do the three things mentioned above, your faith WILL develop. It takes time of course. It takes dedication. It takes sacrifice. It takes giving yourself up. But next time someone asks you, what’s the most important thing in your life, you can truly say, my relationship with Jesus Christ!"
"I started noticing bizarrities of shoe imagery on my wanderings within the web, and either posted links to her or set them up here."
"Build templates to enforce a specific structure as writers create new content. Templates determine the model of the content and provide the writers with a blank structure to “fill in”. Key phrases, such as “In this section, you will learn:” to begin every concept module, can be preset in the template for 100% consistency. Using templates, the writers will begin to build new habits of working within consistent patterns."
"They were made from a mixture of donated blocks and will bring comfort and warmth to a needy person."
"Listen to your grace"
"Something I never knew was that Bell’s is the only major blended whisky to be aged for 8 years, so you’ll be drinking something a little bit special! Its steeped in history that includes Arthur J Bell and his two sons Arthur Kimmond Bell and Robert Duff Bell. His sons are responsible for expanding the product overseas and to trademark the now familiar ‘Arthur Bell & Sons’ and their motto ‘Afore ye go’."
"(2) Everything sticks to buttercream. Once, we were serving buttercream cupcakes and somehow black sweater hair made its way onto the precious vanilla buttercream cupcakes we were serving. That was an interesting lesson in troubleshooting. Thankfully, we had lots of other treats to serve."
"12- Prepare the appropriate pan for the cabbage by placing the rest of onion slices, and a layer of two leaves or veins, place the stuffed cabbage leaves and put the pan well covered on high heat with 2 cups of chicken broth till boil then lower the heat to low and allow it to cook for abuot 15 minutes, after \"Mahshy\" is cookedserve it with your preferred meat or chicken and... Bon Apetit :)"
"I used a wild cherry lip pencil to line and fill in my lips."
"The music, composed by Koji Endo, works in concert with what happens on screen. Throughout the film simple playful melodies are used, the audition scene featuring lively score. When the film becomes darker the music ceases to be playful and quaint and as Yoshikawa’s world falls apart the familiar melodies become increasingly discordant."
"This my friends is why we never seem to get anything accomplished in a timely manner."
"I purchase all fragrances but I don't normally use them 'straight' out of the bottle. Many of my fragrances are my own concoction. A few grams of this, mixed with that, and a dash of something else (all carefully weighed, of course, so that I can do it again and again). My very first blend, Fleur, is still a top selling perfume. Fleur is a blend of plumeria, ylang ylang and bird of paradise."
"Speaking of \"guilty pleasures\": Man, I really dig psychedelic hippie art. Alot."
"10. The Kallinger Theory"
"The rest of us have to be out by 8am. I like to get up around 6am which gives me enought time to run 2 miles with the dog, eat breakfast and shower in peace before all hell breaks loose in the form of our 14-year-old daughter and her equally grumpy dad."
"Anyway, the good thing is that they sell also other brands, which are English brands, and that means beautiful and cheap polish. I'm talking about W7 and Barry M. polishes."
"Nevertheless, during her tenure, the relationship between the two schools was sometimes strained. For example, Schechter put its foot down in March 2008, when several JTS students studying there sought to mark the one-year anniversary of the change in JTS’s admissions policy. The students invited Yonatan Gher, then the incoming director of the gay community center Jerusalem Open House, to speak about his experience as a gay man in the Israeli Conservative movement. But after a dispute with Ramon and others in the administration, the students were forced to hold the event off campus."
"Among anti-vax acolytes, science is a bad word. Good studies are dismissed because they don't take anecdote and intuition into account. Experts are simply heartless, hearing-impaired automatons who just don't get it, who won't listen to parents, dammit, even though parents know more, somehow, than the experts."
"Most of what I do these days revolves around the community orchestra (see Tuscarawas Philharmonic in the side bar). I create the newsletter and shoot and develop brief videos about each concert, practice my horn, and take care of smaller tasks that come up unexpectedly. It's like a job except that it doesn't pay beyond the satisfaction of knowing I'm working for a worthwhile organization, and I get to say \"check\" a lot."
"The scene doesn’t come fully alive until the special effects people go in and add the setting. I’ve been thinking a lot lately about something I call “bluescreening” in young adult manuscripts."
"Me, i still havent started my shopping yet, taking it slow and easy this year...(but if im really honest...Panic!!!lol)."
"-Pipe a coating of chocolate on top of the caramel, allowing a small amount of caramel to show around the edges."
"Three Floyds Brewing"
"No way around it, his visa will get to him no sooner than Thursday. And since international flights tend to run once a day. He won't be able to get to India before Friday. We decide I'll go ahead and go over the airplane and books to make sure there isn't anything that will keep us from launching as soon as Vin gets there. So, off I go."
"Side note: I hate the new graphic… a lot."
"A normal 63 year old veteran, who could never have expected a confrontation with the VA Police, was threatened to lose his VA benefits and would have been possibly charged with a felony. His only crime was giving out Political Documentary DVD’s and biblical literature. This all happened at the Sheridan VA Medical Center."
"Sequence is a rhythm/rpg game (how the heck do they go together?) You attack, defend and gain mana through a rhytm game, where the arrows fall down towards the bar where you have to hit the notes (or gems in this game) at the right moment. Much like beat mania, except you have 3 individual screens where you can only access one at a time. Meaning setting priorities is absolutely important, when to defend and when to attack."
"ARISE Foundation is gearing up for a week long life skills training workshops, in Washington DC on June 18-22, 2012. The training will take place from 8:30 to 4:30 each day. Those working with at-risk populations, in a variety of settings, should take part in the Master Life Skills training in order to become ARISE Certified Master Life Skills Trainers."
"About 4 and 1/2 years ago, Marty and I were living in San Diego, CA. We were stationed there, while Marty served in the US Navy. My Dad was living with us, at the time. I got sick. Not just a little sick, like wretchedly ill, I just want God to take me NOW, kind of sick. I thought, I had a stomach virus, but a couple of days in and no one else in the house was sick. I had a fever, headache, chills, stomach \"issues,\" etc. I literally laid on the couch for days (thank God my Dad was with us to take care of Eli and Julie). I was officially out of commission. There was a long series of events that led to me being seen at the Naval Medical Center in San Diego. We had to fight with the insurance to get me in, because I was supposed to be seen by a civilian doctor, but couldn't get in anywhere. Turns out I had a severe case of pneumonia. Doctor's wanted to hospitalize me. I said, \"No, just give me something strong and send me home.\" I had suffered at home for days, anyways. Went home got better, life moved on."
"Serve and enjoy!"
"In other words, Calvin thinks a woman’s silence is not an irrevocable command from heaven but rather a “human law which is open to change” (156). If this is the case, then churches have the freedom to decide individually what is and is not consistent with order and decency in worship."
"So Mom is way upset, something bout we don't got no"
"Here are the final, very simple cards. Look at how the green, while strange on the bear by itself, now pulls the bear into the paper nicely."
"ONE DAY,"
"The answer was always more of a justification than a real reason. A set of excuses, if you will, that explained away the phenomenon, but didn’t really explain it."
"(strangely in the shape of California; some days Idaho)"
"the MITM and i really appreciate all of your kind words. doing this for mr&mrs cta is one of those things we had to do! i like to think of this as part of our american dna, we help, we try to do the right thing, we are at our core, as a nation, good people. mr&mrs cta have said this over and over again, americans have been kind, generous and good them since the moment they touched down in d.c. just the story of going through customs was an experience beyond anything they expected. they have lived in a police state and not matter what, we have elections and wake up the next day, to the same society, the same rules, the same EVERYTHING, just a different guy or gal at the helm. no military coups, no militia standing guard, no secret police coming to the door because you voted the wrong way! sometimes, we need to be reminded that no matter what, we are damned lucky kids!"
"There would be no further races among the top women, which sends us to my top five for the season."
"Hugo Matthysen Blankenberge B"
"“HEY! What’s that?”"
"Hello and happy Sunday! I know this is a bit late for posting but life does get in the way of blogging sometimes."
"Pray for peace for me."
"I am sorry my great grandparents came here from Europe. I'm sorry they started farms, and built businesses here. Had they stayed there, I wouldn't have to worry about emigrating out of this god forsaken lump of earth at the bottom of the African barrel."
"Hague and his poor wife deserve a lot more respect, politicians or not and what the hell the wife of that pompous idiot Bercow has to offer I do not know. Presumably she is a paid up member of the luvvie left like Kearney herself..."
"For the beaus out there- peruse the A Bella Speaks pages-you might laugh."
"Dear Jenna, I've completed my first manuscript a few months ago and have since received 7 acceptance letters, however 5 are from \"self-publishing\" companies. One from PA and one from Dorrance. PA has already sent me a sample contract and an Aug. 1st deadline but after reading your comments, now I more confused then ever. Bottom line, I have no funds for Publishing law firms nor Self-Publishing companies. I'm looking for the name of a legit company that can help me without costing an arm and a leg."
"Biscuits………. and honey"
"Military salutation of the PCCTS, Knights Templar"
"4) List 10 interesting things about yourself"
"Next time, I have some MUCH more involved projects to share. Stay tuned!"
"1/2 cup of favorite seed or mix"
"“Ah’ so much fun, so much horror,"
"Forward-thinking hospitals have now begun to promote healthy food. Kaiser Permanente, the nation’s largest nonprofit health plan, opened its first farmer’s market on the grounds of the Oakland Medical Center in Oakland, California in May 2003. Today, a total of 26 Kaiser-Permanente facilities have established on-campus farmer’s markets, which enable the facilities to offer better food choices to both employees and patients and promote awareness about good nutrition."
"2nd square hat is on the way...may miss it if the business trip is postponed to end of Oct. But hopefully not.."
"Having dedicated her book to “those who hear, those who see”, Shafak hands over to Esma Toprak, a London-bred Turkish Kurd, as she prepares to set off for Shrewsbury Prison to collect her brother, who has just served a 14-year term for murder. It is implied, but not confirmed, that his victim was their mother. Esma admits to having thought often about killing her brother in revenge. And yet she plans to welcome him back into the house she now shares with her husband and two daughters."
"And thou shalt see those who contented are"
"At 12 0'clock I awake from from a half sleep with a start. Something prompts me to look at phone which had put on silence. Missed call. Was Forest of Dean Radio. Had arranged for one of my regualar guests on show who does a travel feature to fill in for me, with me do the travel feature from Spain. Look at time on phone. See that it is 12 0'clock and think that FOD radio were calling early, as know that they are not going to call me until 12, which is 1 p.m. Spanish time. Just about to try to have another doze, but something prompts me to decide to call them back. Look down at my phone again. It's Forest of dean Radio AGAIN. Answer. Hi Sally, we'll just put you on hold and then we'll bring you in. Oh, why is it so early I think. Suddenly realise that my clock in British time and they are calling me at 12.10. Do feature in bathroom, in nightie so as not to wake ED who is still sleeping like a baby."
"Who will hire these oldsters, many of whom suffer from various age-related infirmities? Why hire an old person when you can hire a twenty-something with much more energy and stamina? The link in the paragraph before this one notes that the unemployed older people are most likely to be unemployed longer."
"that, got to get you some"
"Though his choice of music is pretty conventional—Schubert, Bach, Strauss (but also some Indonesian stuff)—the interview is fascinating, with many insights into Attenborough’s life, work, and travel. The guy is 85 years old and is still going strong. And I’m extremely jealous, for I’d love to have his job."
"“I want our leadership to send a message that we are not a dumping ground. We are not a place to come to rob, do drugs and violent crimes.”"
"Hey everyone....it's good to be back. Where have I been you ask.....no where in particular...just not here. I have been extremely busy. We purchased some merchandisers from a store closing and had to move all of that, as well as get it into my store. I have also had some health issues that have taken up a lot of my time lately. Nothing too bad or that can't be corrected but I am having to completely change my lifestyle. This is very time consuming and I can only ask for your patience and prayers while I am making these adjustments. We haven't been getting a lot of new things in at the store as I have been trying to wait until we go to the Trade Show in Chicago the last week of July. I want to save all of my money to get the NEW stuff so please again, bare with us. I cleaned up the back room last week and came across some pics of when we first opened and was amazed at how empty the store was. At the time I felt as is we had sufficient inventory but boy was I wrong. There is now not a square inch in the store that is not taken up. Over the next few weeks we will be running several specials to clear out some of the older lines to make room for the new ones so be sure to stop in often. I thought I would post some pics of the flower beds outside as well as the store and some of our recent projects just to update everyone on the changes we are going through. I hope you enjoy and again, please be patient with me as await the new merchandise from the show and as I make some adjustment in my personal life."
"The warmest smile"
"Today I’m thinking about teaching beginners yoga. I am wondering why there aren’t any yoga teachers pounding down my door to ask to teach beginners at my studio? Perhaps they do not understand the value of this. Perhaps I don’t understand the value enough to share it!"
"Even though I wrote recently about feeling ready to marry again, when I’m honest with myself, I know that I still have a lot of fear there. Having one’s first marriage crash and burn can make you a little gun-shy, I guess. I’m so much more aware this time around of the potential for error and the possibility for hurt. The first time around even the concept of failure was so foreign to me that it never once entered my thought process. This time I know that even with the best of intentions, even with all the love in the world, things can sometimes still go wrong."
"It’s been talked about for years, but it bears repeating: Agencies need to commit to hiring a diverse workforce at all levels. If they don’t, they risk creating work that doesn’t appeal to the changing demography of the nation. Speaking openly, Ogilvy North American Chairman-CEO John Seifert said the agency received its latest cultural survey last week, and called it “depressing” because “we hadn’t achieved what we set out to do.”"
"‘Gentlemen, The Lords of the Comittee of Councill for publict affairs Being certainly informed that ther was a field Conventicle keept upon Sunday the first of June instant at Cairnehill, and another upon the Eight of the said month at Colstouneslope in Peebles shyre, where ther wer severall men in annes and diverss women present, which they think very strange, either as to your suffering those Conventicles to have been keept, or not dissipateing them, or giving advertisement thereof, as was appointed by the Councill’s proclamatione in Jully 1682, upon such ane occasione in your shyre. And therefore wee requyre yow imediately to make dilligent search after the persones who wer the preachers, and upon whose ground the same wer keept. And to return us a speedy account thereof. And to secure such of them as yow find guilty. And also requyre yow to advertise that party of His Majestie’s forces at Bogehall to prosecute those persones guilty of those Conventicles. And to acquaint us of ther dilligence from tyme to tyme, as they will be answearable. And if any such meeting fall out hereafter, yow are to give advertisement thereof to the sheriff of the shyre, or Commander of the forces nearest to yow. And to certifie the said sheriff that if he do not his duty, he will be looked upon as disaffected to his Majestie’s government, and proceeded against accordingly’. (William Chambers, A History of Peeblesshire, 201. Chambers curiously dated the letter to 6 June.)"
"but that would take too long. This list is varied,"
"Do that all time? We don’t do that any of the time. How can someone have a break from something they don’t do? How can she want to have a break from me? Should I be offended?"
"Our government likes to show it gives, but this time like many other times, it gives to the guy that do not deserves. Unless the government learns to wipe out those semi state enterprises bosses who does not perform, never tell the people about productivity, it do not hold water. Sigh!."
"Something to be said for long term relationships? Yes, indeed."
"--I found a pair of leggings that can actually be worn as pants (with the appropriate length shirt). Not that cheap kind you get at Target that when you push your hand up against the fabric, you can see your hand through the leggings. Thank you, H&M, for getting this right."
"I did pick these 3 lovely plaques up late last fall for $0.99 each at the Goodwill! Yes! I said LOVELY! Just wait, the next time you see these ladies, they will have a fresh look and be gorgeous! I had in my mind where I could use two but I thought I would go ahead and take the third one home with me for that price. I'm planning on using these ladies in my living room when I finally redo it. I can see them painted black, can't you?"
"The first time I ever heard a tornado siren I was in my mid twenties, working a water leak late one night for the city I was currently employed at. A storm was rolling in and I was trying to work as fast as possible. That is when the sirens went off. Like I said, I have never heard them before and did not know what that loud high pitched sound was but I knew I was in danger. I remember panic set in because the sound was so deafening and I did not know what to do. All I wanted to do was get away from it. I remember trying to just run but then thinking I had my truck there so I ran back to it. I didn't know where to drive, I actually drove in circles not knowing where to go. The sound was so loud is completely screwed up all rational thought. It was only until the next day I knew what the sound meant."
"Ok, here goes. As you all remember, Cimiteria has a hunchback servant/lover called Quasimodo. After a visit to the Bermuda triangle and a subsequent rape by an alien from the planet of homosexuals, the poor little guy gets pregnant. Here are some snapshots from the family album:"
"I’m choosing to interpret the complete lack of response to yesterday’s helpful guide to making clasps as an urgent demand for more of the same. Today’s guide describes what to do with a cobalt-chromium denture framework once you’ve got it out of the casting machine."
"Okay. Just for the record, I have never sprayed Lt Wyatt during a use of force."
"I understand what is intended here–but I think it’s the wrong way of going about it. Universality is the kind of designation that may have a clear definition–but which also has a very unclear path towards its achievement. To point this out–let me reference a super insightful xkcd comic about Zombie Marie Curie…"
"See, see God in nations"
"If I could give you rubies"
"It’s a simple enough argument. Meaningful devolution of power from level A to level B includes the possibility that level B will do things in a way of which level A would not approve. As anyone in a large organisation would – or should – recognise, delegation of authority includes the authority to do things"
"Both brands won, the kids won and people loved it! This sets a new standard in South African advertising and to steal Santam’s line… this is advertising GOOD AND PROPER!"
"“Cows and Country Near Prestbury” was chosen to be Freshly Pressed and as a featured post under multiple tags. I’m so pleased! Thrilled, actually. I’m also feeling a little bit like the lamb above. After all, I feel like I’m still something of a baby blogger."
"There are any number of Superman villains, but I seem to come across a lot of issues where a gloryhound scientist goes off the rails. Like today's issue! From Action Comics #433, \"The Man Who Was Buried on Page 64!\" Written by Cary Bates, pencils by Curt Swan, inks by Murphy Anderson."
"Aluminum foil (the cheap kind) behind a piece of mica."
"You could leave out the jalapenos and"
"No one spoke — the icy north wind cut short our breath; but the voice of the chimes filled the silence."
"Diaper rash! Did you know diaper rash is actual ammonia burns from urine? It used to be considered a serious sign of neglect, and only 7% of babies suffered from it. Now its up around 78% and not considered a big deal."
"Today we added a knitted snowman to our advent tree. Cain usually does this but this morning he let ?Heather do it as she feels so unwell and is very whiny right now. She is all bunged up, has a nasty cough which kept both of us awake all night, and has been complaining of earache too. Hoping that being poorly right now means that she will feel better in a day or two and not suffer through Christmas."
"Profiter rolls"
"China is home to 20 percent of the world population, but has only about 5 percent of the world’s fresh water resources."
"Krista"
"This excerpt is quite near the end of the second story. It's lucky I didn't have to paste a page later - it would have given away the ending!"
"Suggestions of what can be in the catechist training:"
"You see, here’s the critical thing about sole parents. They are, for whatever reason, sole parents. That means that they have no other back-up, they have no one else who can step up and help in an emergency. The other parent is, by definition, not there. And most times, family members aren’t available to help either. They are busy working themselves. That means that if the state is going to require sole parents to work, then the state will need to ensure that conditions are such that sole parents can work."
"you fill up my senses,"
"Back to the song. I'm a huge XTC fan. I think they were one of the greatest groups to not only step out of Swindon but from anywhere on the planet. It would seem we now have to use the past tense when talking about them as Andy and Colin definitely appear to have fallen out for good. It's a shame but they made some brilliant music along the way. Having said all of that, I very nearly posted Tricky's version of 'Dear God', which can be found on his album, Vulnerable (2003). The Bristol boy really brings yet another dimension to the song, with vocals by Costanza accompanying the Trickster's regular growl and wheeze. Oh alright, here it is:"
"P: \"No, that is impossible. Again, it was a floor model we touched and saw this week.\""
"Friday Morning is also gratified to have been selected one of three new ventures taking a fresh approach to brand communication, viral marketing, and intelligence gathering featured in an article by Joshua Slatko in the November issue of Med Ad News. We are honored to find ourselves in such company, and by the interest shown in our ideas by members of such a prestigious publication. Enjoy their fine articles!"
"Also know as black drawing salve. This stuff is amazing! A friend who deals with horses suggested I use that to pack my dog's wound. She said they use it on horses and it is amazing. No cleaning, no dressings, just repack 1-3 times a day. This sounded like an answer to prayer for me."
"This week has been hard going in the garden, if I’m honest."
"When the inmates were brought back to a holding cell, the deputy and 2 of us were left in the tiny clinic. The other nurse asked me who I thought was saying the truth. I said the first one. She was surprised at first to hear my answer because there was no obvious injury with that lady she saw. She wanted to know why I chose her."
"Preheat the oven to 180C and bake for 15 minutes. Mix some chopped rosemary and sea salt into a tablespoon of olive oil and brush this over the top of the bread. Put it back in the oven for another 10-15 minutes until golden brown."
"Here’s my initial shot (straight out of camera jpeg) of it:"
"Gosh, what another very busy week (which is good!) but boy doesn't it pass so quickly, it feels like it was only Monday yesterday! It's been an up and down week, so much going on and I was so pleased for a little break last night - I went out for a gorgeous meal with some lovely girly friends and we had a lovely enjoyable time, great food and great company and a good giggle, we were laughing until tears ran, I had severe face ache afterwards!!!"
"If you have decided on your colour palette for the wedding, you should have a good idea of what colour your bridesmaids will be wearing. At that point, it is time to choose the bridesmaid dresses. Some women, when they think of a bridesmaid dress simply cringe, however with today’s new styles with charming ruffle trims, floral embellishments, flattering necklines, varied hemlines, and scope of fabric, there is no need to worry."
"and…cornmeal"
"As most of you know, I cannot stand clutter, which always causes problems for me when it comes to displaying things in our home....especially with hanging pictures on our walls, but that is a whole other post!!"
"At least one other team's coach was quick to call foul. \"These guys had a completely different product\", said the white-haired man, whose name we didn't feel compelled to collect since we're not pretending to be a reputable news organization. \"Their spoons slid right through it like it wasn't even there!\""
"Whoohoo! Hey there my sweet friends!! I am just delighted to tell you that Mary & Andrea over at The Ribbon Girl Blog asked me a couple of months ago if I would consider being a Guest Designer for this month's fabulous color challenge! Well, of course, I all but tripped on my tongue saying YES!! hehehe! And here I am . . . Guest Designing for The Ribbon Girl! How awesome is that?!"
"Assorted Belgians and French Bieres de Garde. Among the former, sour reds (Rodenbach), eclectic Wallonians (La Chouffe, McChouffe) and wondrous Saisons (Dupont the finsets example); the French beers are criminally underrated and simply wonderful with many dishes. Ask Chef Clancy if you don’t believe me. American examples of both Belgian and French styles include Ommegang Hennepin, Jolly Pumpkin’s line and Two Brothers Domaine Dupage (sic)."
"Taxpayers are fuming mad."
"But at the same time I’ve known that it would be better to stay calm than to get carried away the way I have."
"our memories will spill"
"Calling all Gay U.S. Soldiers – Change your names to McDonagey or for the moment take mine – Donohue – I will adopt any U.S. soldier for the day or marry him, since my other marriage isn’t federal anyway. I can make you Irish-American for a day. I have that power. Then, just as you march your Irish a** right past Cardinal Dolan (probably waiting with a cheshire grin) on the steps of St. Patrick’s cathedral, turn, and MAKEOUT. Make it a good one. In fact, if you can dip your significant other while in uniform re-doing that iconic “sailor returned home from the war and kisses a girl pic” I can almost guarantee you’ll hit the cover of every major newspaper in the U.S."
"know?"
"Talabi-Oni made a presentation"
"I can not control my racing thoughts, the craziness that seems to not only follow me, but actually embraces me and threatens to strangle me in its hold."
"Next week will be week 3 of the LiveFit trainer – How is everyone going on? Do you log your exercises? Obviously my week 3 will move on until the following weekL. You must keep me posted."
"What is hidden within flesh and bone? What radiates in spite of them?"
"“Bulgaria Conducting Workshop” with the Pleven Philharmonic, Bulgaria. The"
"The TTC is working with Pattison One in putting up digital signs on the platform. In most stations there is one per direction. In other stations there are two and in a few there are three. These are mostly an ad/news feed system with about the bottom 1/4 (maybe even 1/5) dedicated to TTC information. That information consists of next train arrival, delays, bus routes modifications, etc. The bulk of the display is taken up with, as mentioned, ads and news feeds. Although interesting, and a source of revenue for the TTC, they could be better used as pure information about the TTC. And there should be a minimum of three per station and for the busier platforms, five."
"But today, I got an email from them asking if I was going to participate again this year. And immediately I knew I wanted to."
"Hmmm ..."
"Before the fucking dam breaks"
"Just remember till you're home again"
"Cloves-3"
"All will not go smoothly?"
"As a stay at home mom, I have occasionally noticed a certain level of patronization and derision aimed my way by the more left-leaning, feminist career women sector. There seems to be a perception that stay at home moms are rich women who are not pulling their weight in society and have taken the easy way out or, even sillier, that those women are victims of male hegemony who have been brainwashed and, poor creatures, simply don't know any better. The reality is far different, but more on that in a minute."
"and six to turn and flee"
"So what if all food was good for us. I think that would be both a good thing and a bad thing. Knowing that anything we want to eat is healthy we might be tempted more to overeat. Even food that is good for us shouldn’t be eaten in mass quantities beyond what our bodies need. And if its all good for us where is the fun in sneaking a treat – but are there any treats when its all healthy? More things to wonder. On the bright side we could eat what tastes good, like chocolate, any time we want without guilt. We could eat ONLY chocolate if we choose because there is no need to endure foul tasting food. So what happens to the foods that people don’t really like the taste of? They would never be eaten. Don’t you eat certain foods only because you know its good for you? I think alot of people do. I’m sure alot of people only eat vegetables for their health benefits. I do like alot of different vegetables but I choose those I like or, sometimes, the ones that are cheapest because I know I ‘should’ eat some kind of vegetables daily. No more! If I can eat anything I want and get the same health benefits I’ll take cheesecake thank you!"
"Position Description:"
"Shirt: Ann Taylor"
"1. Interior (The Soul)"
"Betsy and I arrived in the Buffalo area late last Friday afternoon. After visiting with Kelly and Chuck at their home for a while, they took us out for a fish fry. The restaurant they took us to was the Log Cabin Restaurant in Indian Falls, New York."
"The COP last night warned us to fear the PNM like a nightmare….yet it seems that our real nightmare is that we voted a Partnership into power that is filled with toothless hypocrites. This COP has sat by and looked on as the country flailed under poor governance and misstep after misstep and said nothing. Is this self same Ramadhar who first defended Reshmi’s appointment as SIA head then do a back pedal and said “I don’t know the woman.”"
"Days ago, I fled into a world of loveliness."
"Speak Now: Australian perspectives on same-sex marriage"
"I have been following the issue of UK pubs showing football matches from foreign satellite TV for a while. The morning advertiser covers the subject often enough to remain informed of goings on. I have an interest in it because whilst I am not a pub regular I do like to watch the odd game with the lads over a pint or two. It may not be your cup of tea, but it is mine. Football for me is a draw and a reason to go into a pub on a wet rainy weekday night and meet up with the chaps for a few scoops."
"probiotic lactobacilli) and for energy production by the liver"
"15 - Heaven And Hell"
"So her \"hi hi hi\" sounds become \"heeeyyyy heeeyyy heeeyyyy\" sounds."
"Rather See You Dead b/w Downtown"
"Ink: VersaFine Onyx Black, Tim Holtz Distressing Ink Tea Dye"
"\"You know I really hate repeats.\""
"Yours in the service of the nation,"
"523- Fresh air"
"Pieter Groenewald of the FF+ wanted to know how many officials had been criminally prosecuted and how many had competency certificates."
"(This Level requires two tiers)"
"Recommendation: Not to many of my personal bias buttons pressed, so I can recommend it again. Just barely, admittedly."
"ranch dressing mix"
"I did my best to wipe it up with my non-absorbent napkin as all the servers about didn't seem to notice or care. I was done trying to have a nice lunch with a friend, so we gathered our things and I wrangled my kids and left. She departed to the mall to go dress shopping and I departed deflated to my messy house where I plopped myself down on my couch exhausted from my lunch experience. I sat and felt sorry for myself as I looked around at all the work that was mine and the little people I had to take care of. I thought of my friends care free life who has kids in school all day and spends her time getting her hair and nails done, and shopping."
"From the very start our talk was conversational, light and friendly; just two beer fans chewing the fat. No doubt my interest in beer lies more in the product than in the process, but when you’ve got someone who’s as enthusiastic about his work as Jack Sosebee seems to be, well, it’s all a package that seems to fit. (There’s a Madison Avenue jingle in there somewhere, I know it.) Jack and his business partner Joseph Fox are striving to bring back the traditional Mexican style of beer that has largely disappeared from the United States market in the last decade. I asked Jack if this exodus might be due to the rise of the locally brewed craft beer market in the U.S. and he allowed as that might be one reason while graciously admitting he’d never really thought of it in those terms. Jack pointed out that beer traveling north from Mexico typically arrives damaged, having languished on one loading dock or another for days and weeks before hitting shelves in the States. Faced with consistently poor quality imported brews, American beer drinkers may simply have turned away from those traditional Mexican style beers. Whatever the reason for the void, Del Norte Brewing seems perfectly willing to fill the niche."
"Ok, since I had two bummers in a row, I decided to include a bonus page. This one is Distress Stains, my Tim Holtz Stamper's Anonymous stamps, and Distress Ink. I kept the stamps on the card in their original position since the card is almost the same size as the paper I was working with. Remember, Distress Ink is reactive. So I decided to make this page interesting by using my mini-misters to spray water on it. See how the ink bleeds through the paper? It also created some water spots where the Distress Stains are. Dried with heat gun (carefully! The other side has embossing powder, lol) and inked around edges with some more Black Soot (Distress Ink):"
"Dessert for Mothers day lunch last weekend was courtesy of Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall, a pear pudding cake but instead of serving with the usual cream or ice-cream, I decided to make a baked custard."
"George has an audio engineering degree and still plays music. He currently works in IBM Corporate Communications and runs a podcast called A Pop Diary, where John also contributes episodes. Kevin and Torin are both professors, teaching architecture and philosophy, respectively. John continues to play music in bands and works as a film editor. He helped his brother Michael with the 2003 Ramones documentary, \"End Of The Century.\""
"I primed and painted the cabinet boxes and had the doors sprayed by a painter. Hardwood floors, new hardware and appliances finish it off for now. We saved a lot of money buying the fridge and stove from an outlet store."
"I liked reading a young adult novel with a male main character - there seem to be much more young adult books out featuring female characters right now, or maybe all the covers with pretty girls in pretty dresses is just misleading. Anyway, despite this, I didn't like Jackson at first. In the beginning of the book, he and Adam are conducting an \"experiment\" that involves Jackson flirting with a cashier, to see if she remembers it when he comes back to the present. I'm not a fan of people flirting with other people when they are in a relationship, so this made me not too keen on either Jackson or Adam for coming up with this plan, but the more I read, the better I liked them both. I really enjoyed Holly, too, and while it might be complicated, I hope to see some more of Courtney and Jenni Stewart. Cross has created characters that you come to really care about. It's really an excellent debut novel."
"142These moss-grown domes with spiry turrets crown'd,"
"I’ve been complimented many times over the years on what a ‘great job’ I’m doing and how my kids are ‘lucky to have a Mum like me’ who has thrown herself into spreading awareness and understanding – and I love being built up like this – but I’m not sure that people realise that none of this comes without major effort and personal sacrifice."
"Tuesday Tasting is a regular feature of Lyke2Drink that explores some of the best beers, wines and spirits on the market. This week we sample a Belgian-style beer from a South Carolina brewery."
"Danes are proud of their welfare safety net, which ensures that all Danes receive basic health care and need not fear poverty. The portion of working-age Danes (16 to 66-year-olds) that are living on government welfare is 24% (2010). Health care, other than for acute needs, and care for the elderly and children has suffered. About one-third of the labor force is employed in the public sector. Can you imagine America if over 100,000,000 worked for a government? On second thought if we count the ones who don’t work and live off of the government, we likely exceed one third of the population."
"Jin R: money or gold?"
"Eye candy aside, I love this movie for a variety of reasons, which I believe count as artistic. First of all, again, I don't know shit about technical movie-making, but I do know that there are elements of this movie that tickle all my fancies. Lighting and color correspond to the narrator's experiences: the sharp brightness of his day job/life that gets progressively worse the further into Fight Club we go. The association of bright but deep colors with Tyler Durden, particularly red, which is associated with passion as well as rage: the two things that Fight Club awakens and encourages to the point of anarchy. The dizzying effects when Tyler and Marla have sex are the same effects used with some of the fight scenes, suggesting that these two things evoke very similar emotions."
"Please come follow me to my new adventure..."
"George Strait"
"Oh, and I also got to see my friend Laura, who showed up from Ithaca out of the blue. She's an army wife, and they've been all over the place. I hadn't seen her for 8 years, and it didn't seem like a day had passed. I love having friends like that."
"This pretty much sums me up to a tee."
"American Airlines said its surcharge had “no specific purpose.” But it could help offset an expected shortfall of nearly 570,000 permits costing about €4.5 million."
"We are enraged. We feel the violence you and your people exert on us right inside our hearts. And all you want us to do is to stop abusing you. Forget you!"
"1 cup sugar, divided"
"These are so simple and one of my favorite crackers right now. Enjoy them with seed cheese, hummus, soup, or as they are for snacking."
"Scientists have long noted that alcoholics aren’t as portly as you’d expect, given the staggering number of calories they consume in alcohol. Metabolic studies of chronic alcohol abusers have turned up something interesting: If you drink enough, you pass a threshold after which a certain portion of your alcohol calories are “free.” Basically, you do so much damage to your liver that it can’t efficiently process alcohol anymore and you “waste” the calories or store them in your liver, giving yourself a disease called fatty liver, which can lead to cirrhosis and death if you keep at it. “It’s similar to the way you make foie gras,” says Marc Hellerstein, MD, PhD, professor of human nutrition at University of California, Berkeley. “You stuff a goose with carbohydrates, the liver stores it as glycogen and fat, then they kill the goose, and it’s full of fat and sugar, so it tastes really great—that’s foie gras.” And that’s an alcoholic’s liver. Yummy!"
"Somyot was arrested April 30, 2011 at the immigration checkpoint at Sa Kaew, while he was returning from Cambodia with a red-shirt tour group. He was charged with lèse majesté for two articles published in the Voice of Taksin magazine for which he was the editor."
"As I was keeping very busy teaching the classes, Daved had lots of time to sit and be still. There were times it appeared that he was doing nothing, and for the most part, that was kind of true. But as I watched him be still, I called to mind something Rick Roberts had said during the recent CZT seminar: To pay attention to what is NOT there: the open space. Very often it is the stillness and not doing, that brings us to see the next step to take."
"Danny Kirby, 21, bought the vehicle on eBay four years ago from a company that had purchased it from Oregon state police for use in a movie filmed in Portland"
"Editor’s Note: I made a mistake in writing this article, since General Giap is still alive even up to this day. However, for artistic reasons and your enjoyment, I have decided to leave this post as it is. I just want to point out my error and clarify that Vo Nguyen Giap is still alive. Thanks for visiting. (October 14, 2010)"
"Dutch This is welfair"
"Dear Wulong Tea,"
"So my evening, from about 4:30 till 6 has been revision. Of everything in one subject. Yawn. And then I did another 40 minutes – 1 hour of more revision, of another subject. I haven’t stopped, all evening. I had a break at 6 though, to watch The Simpsons. It was a rubbish episode."
"“I would not take it. Don’t worry. Its hard sometimes when all your children have died. When every day you have to look after 17 babies. I feel like theres no point sometimes."
"Words are the only tool I have"
"This weeks challenge was selected by yours truly!"
"I repeat you, hurrying, crashing, sad, distracted year."
"Oh well, I'll share a card with you instead :-)"
"by Albert Mohler"
"Having the CD in your car won’t do the work for you. But when you attempt to understand new words, you will be able to focus on the meaning of the word, because the memorisation of the word will already be well advanced."
"My mum is no longer a part of my life. That has been her choice mostly, I think, although now I am reconciled with the fact that she will never again be a part of my life. People make choices for many reasons; often out of what they fear to lose the most. I have found peace with that. I won't go into the why's and wherefore's here. They are no longer relevant. Since becoming a mum I know that I could never make the choice that my mum made but I understand why she has made the choices that she has and why they mean that we can no longer be a part of each other's lives, although we will always be a part of each other."
"1/2 teaspoon dried thyme"
"And yet. I am acutely aware of the unique magic of this time, this pre-baby period when we still have no idea what we're in for. When all we can do is imagine what our son will look like, be like, become. When his every move is still like a little secret between the two of us. I may never be pregnant again – and, at any rate, will never be pregnant again with this baby – and I want to do everything I can to hold onto it in ways that I will appreciate later."
"I was brought up on sweet, milky porridge made with rolled oats, but that all changed when I was shown how to make it by champion porridge maker Ian Bishop from Carrbridge in Scotland. My method is now his."
"I probably will read the next book though because I really liked the idea and the story and it could get better. If you're really into vampires you'll probably like this book more."
"(3) big bags of Doritos"
"Decorative boards with Gilt titling to the Spine & Upper Board."
"Costco’s biggest foreign relations secret is almost too counter-intuitive to write. It’s the rudeness. You see, one of the most difficult things to learn in another culture is manners. But one of Costco’s unspoken rules is that etiquette is optional. If you don’t believe me, see how well your manners do with one free sample left. At the same time, the generous return policy reduces the need for business vocabulary, cussing, and lying which are all difficult to pick up. Costco is a consulate."
"To me, being wealthy is not about HAVING lots of things, but about being in a position to DO lots of things."
"Can't really do a certified review of this one. It did taste fantastic, but it wasn't exactly carbonated yet. Kinda weird since it's been bottled almost a week longer then my lager. I poured a 22 oz bomber and split that for both Kevin and I. You could see the start of carbonation, but it clearly needs to sit another week. Actually, after tasting it, we feel that it tasted pretty green and that it could use about a month to sit and mellow. It was very complex. The great thing about it is, the woodiness of the maple sap really came through. It almost tasted like it had been aged in oak barrels to me. Also very present was the aroma of coffee. I'll update a better review once it's sat for another month and has had time to fully carbonate and to mellow a bit."
"Italy doesn’t just speak to me; it calls to me like a Siren. So when I heard there was a new Italian restaurant in town, I sped down the Anthony Henday to the newly opened Vivo like Mario Andretti to the finish line."
"Together we are delivering into the world of adulthood a young man who is, above all, deeply compassionate. Of all the things I could have hoped for, that is at the top of the list. He is also happy, healthy, well-traveled, hilarious, and almost gives skinny jeans a good name. He's a badass guitarist and a puppy worshipper. Little kids dig him. He's had the same job he got when he was 14-- his very first job. He is so loyal. He is so beautiful. Raising him has been the absolute best thing I ever did in my whole life (sorry, Warren-- I know I said it was going on that first date with you...)"
"To mistake heaven for just one night to live"
"There is, first of all, the strong sense of the tragic - of the waste, the loss, of young lives: 62,000 in that First War, in a population of just on four million. What that must have meant to particular towns and families and workplaces is staggering to think of. A society that does not recognise and mark with awe the presence of death, that has no sense of the tragic, is a poor one. Dying is a solemn fact of life; it is something we all understand and must come to. There is for all of us a close and personal mystery in it that touches us darkly - even the young feel that. And the death of a young person, the brutal fact of a life cut short, brings the possibility and the tragedy poignantly home; and this is especially so if the death happens in the chosen and public context of service ..."
"The expression of love, far from being a simple matter, even under the most advantageous of circumstances, tasks us even more in consideration of the incongruity of our temporal lives. The strength and power of passionate feelings inspired by intense emotional involvement magnify the struggle a hundred-fold. Even as we tend to each other in the most caring and gentle way, sharing our thoughts and feelings, and especially when we open ourselves to each other, we collide with temporal reality in ways that make us long for some sort of alternate universe in which only you and I exist."
"In \"Kamaitachi,\" a 1965-68 series, Hosoe allegorizes his, and Japan's, isolation. A sad clown, named for an invisible \"sickle-toothed weasel,\" roams rural districts in a mental fog. He perches like a frog in the corner of a giant fence; he looks utterly miserable in the middle of a happy crowd. Using an actor to express a childhood self could have been awkward, even melodramatic. But Hosoe's choreography is subtle, touching, strikingly ambiguous."
"At the end of each chapter is a list of questions that can be used for reflection and discussion. So this book can be used as a mini bible study in small groups or on your own."
"I re-read the Houston speech this afternoon. A lot of religious people – including a lot of Catholics – think that JFK got it all wrong, that he did more harm than good in advocating a radical (maybe erroneously interpreted) separation of Church and State. I am really curious if there were any American Catholics at the time who disagreed with this speech, and I haven’t been able to find an answer."
"ONE of the perks of the iPad is that once a document is created, it automatically saves. Students can’t lose or forget to save in the iPad. Pages has a full document page where templates can be placed for student access."
"The ghostly presence of Winsome’s father and grandfather echo through the Lee-Enfield rifle brought back from the killing fields of Europe, a meditation on violence skilfully woven in. Winsome’s losses and grief never become sentimental despite the often allegorical subtext: even his name suggests contradiction (the imperious ‘Julius’ Caesar, ‘Winsome’ suggesting something more benign). As a quiet madness takes hold, Winsome begins quoting Shakespearean archaisms, the fire crackling and spitting as the world closes in around him."
"So if you see ghost signs, maybe take a photo and think of the artist, of what it might have looked like the first day when the paint was still wet, and of the ghost cars and people who might have been there 100 years ago."
"Some people want to go to a beach, mountains, or a scenic drive. There are many different flavors of each. For instance, for a beach, do you want secluded or crowded, calm or big surf, hot or cold?"
"Objection #2 – The bible does not teach that a man can forgive sin."
"So as I approach my third labour, I've reflected long and hard on what having a homebirth means to me. I've wrestled with my conscience over homebirthing, not wanting to put my birth support through an emergency experience should I have another haemorrhage. But what it comes down to is this:"
"There are decisions to be made on therapy which scares me, so I know it scares my husband. Right now we rejoice and take one day at a time."
"HG rating 5"
"Well our VC Rocks group started up for returning members last month. New members are starting this month. During last month there were several Preview Challenges. I made this card for the reason I fell in love with stamping. I remember when I first started stamping that I use to love the creating beautiful colorful cards. Here is what I created for this challenge."
"Rosy Regards B1369 (stamp set used for the flowers)"
"\"IT WOULD TAKE TOO LONG TO EXPLAIN\""
"H 85 X W 150 X D 45 (Can be customized to different sizes)"
"Philosophical journalists would be an interesting breed. I don’t mean bent, bearded men toting reporters’ notebooks and tape recorders stumbling across Capital Hill–although that would be interesting. Nor do I mean reporters jabbing politicians with barbs about how the latest bill violates Kant’s categorical imperative. Instead, I imagine people curious to see what other people think, people who like asking questions about our basic assumptions."
"It's about: Stephanie Nielson (NieNie) is a famous Mommy-blogger whose life changed dramatically when she and her husband were in a serious near-fatal plane crash which left 80% of her body burned. The memoir chronicles her life before the crash and her struggles to deal with the aftermath of it"
"Cities are the most visible places of difference that we have. As the world’s population becomes increasingly urban we live alongside people of different nationalities, ethnicities, sexualities and socio-economic circumstances. While this diversity has the potential to heighten conflict, it is equally possible to imagine that cities can be places where difference is mediated and even enjoyed. Manchester, for instance, enjoys a far more positive and cosmopolitan reputation for ethnic relations than neighbouring towns, such as Oldham and Burnley."
"I wonder, sometimes, what that does, spiritually. I don’t think life imprisonment satisfies the dead. At least, not as we have it now. Admittedly, life imprisonment is no cake walk, sometimes being a life of 23 hour a day lock down where you’re stuck in something like a 10×10 cell. (Which really sounds worse than death, when you think about it). But I think half the reason the dead don’t take vengeance on the living is because they take it on their killer, or are pacified by the Gods bringing retribution on their behalf. Now, though, with so many murders unsolved and killers left unkilled or sometimes just pleaded down to lesser crimes, just to get them into prison. Or not even that."
"Opening Remarks By The Pastor"
"sesame seeds, or mixing together a green salad, my mind automatically goes there. I contemplate what sort of challenge the dish I’m making could be for, how I would justify my choice to the judges, what I would say to defend my dish. Of course I’m not that creative when it comes to cooking challenges so more often than not, I start to think about a farmers market challenge, or “create a salad that can be considered an entire meal” or something ridiculous that would never actually be a challenge on Top Chef… how am I this big of a dork? Sometimes I just imagine that I’m having the judges over for dinner, and I wow them with my simple peasant style dishes. Seriously, nerd alert."
"19. ZERO EFFECT (1998)"
"Here are some of the negative things people have said to me:"
"100. Do you alway wear your shoes over your socks?"
"Lee Edmondson returned from injury to ride his RM125 in the two-stroke E1 class, completing both days and taking second position."
"Carmen gave her short, stubby… Who was she kidding? Short, fat friend a sideways glance of disdain. No amount of money in the world could compensate her for being called mommy."
"You gave me everything you had, oh you gave me light"
"But now that school is back in and I need my fashion fix, I'm back to conversing via blogging! Oooh, the ideas some of you have..."
"Horse Shrinky Dinks"
"The latter became, in fact, a favorite greeting and aspiration among Spaniards everywhere, particularly in the following form: \"Alabado sea el Santisimo Sacramento del Altar! Bendita sea la Limpia y Purisima Concepcion de Nuestra Senora Maria Santisima sin mancha de pecado original!-Praised be the Most Holy Sacrament of the Altar! Blessed be the stainless and most pure Conception of Our Lady Mary Most Holy without the taint of original sin!\""
"There are so many things I'm thankful for this week..."
"Oh Chip. I bet you thought you had it made every time you confronted those innocuous children, munching away on their Cookie Crisp. Even now, you berate my every cinema trip to see a family-rated movie – from Rango through to Cars 2 - with your airboat and your jetpack, and every single time, no matter how hard you try, you never succeed at getting that delicious cereal."
"Because we are also active in helping people to flee violence and torturing, and spreading the Good News in different areas in the world, we are also sometimes considered working in illegality. Therefore we are by some governements blacklisted and accused of being part of ‘terror groups’. Though we can assure you we only want to preach Good News and peace and are totally against any form of violence."
"AEI Acquires Additional 5.11% Interest In Emgasud 16"
"I hope this helps you expand your pantry no matter how small it looks!"
"BAGHDAD — A suicide bomber driving a car packed with explosives attacked a checkpoint in front of the Iraqi Interior Ministry on Monday morning, killing five, wounding 39 and roiling a country unsettled by a political crisis and a wave of deadly bombings just days ago."
"More on the homebrewing saga soon."
"Peter Tremayne – The Foxes of Fascoum"
"Feel isolated"
"When some people have memories they want to save, they sometimes grab the nearest container and stick it in there. Most of the time, that's perfectly fine, too. Other people don't use containers at all-- they just stick the memories all willy-nilly on the shelves themselves, and their brains resemble a hoarder's house. AVOID THIS AT ALL COSTS. Seriously, people. Using a plastic grocery bag is a million times better than just shoving the memories on the shelf."
"Hi Folks. I’m moving from Blogger (Journey to my Knitting Patterns) to WordPress, and here’s my inaugural Worpress post. I’m just finding out how things work over here, so things may not be perfect. But were they ever anyway?"
"For part one, let's start with the American made ale—and thanks to Sierra Nevada adding cans to their packaging capabilities, the choice was easy—Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. As a side note, I do have to say I think it's notable that SN has gotten into the can biz. They are by far the largest craft brewery to do so as of yet, so all of those naysayers who have written off the can to this point, watch-out, because the canned die has been cast."
"Tim Lincecum - he's gone from being the Freak to just being the Slightly Odd number two starter. 0 pts"
"Following are excerpts from an address by leading Sunni scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Al-Jazeera TV on January 16, 2011."
"The harvest is in! The bounty at the farmers markets is overwhelming right now and this will continue for several more weeks. I have bought my huge batch of plum tomatoes and will be making tomato sauce to pack away for winter. I have bought big batches of apples and will begin to cook them down for apple butter and pie fillings. I am plucking the last of the roses and sunflowers from my garden for casual arrangements all over the house."
"Because trying to force it got me where I was before, and there's nothing worse than that, and I will NEVER DO THAT AGAIN."
"Since I was too busy trying to pull up my pants, I didn't notice where he went. \"NOOOooooooo! I lost him!\" I cried. hands outstretched to the heavens. He had waited two days to make a sneak attack on me and it had worked! He caught me with my pants down, so to speak. No, really. And, just as quickly as he appeared, he disappeared without a trace. Again."
"“She has eighty names, thirty addresses, twelve Social Security cards and is collecting veteran's benefits on four non-existing deceased husbands. And she is collecting Social Security on her cards. She's got Medicaid, getting food stamps, and she is collecting welfare under each of her names. Her tax-free cash income is over $150,000.”"
"Manibukers supported by almost all poker rooms, only exception is Romania with a software Kriptolodzhik and Boss Media."
"So keep Japan in your thoughts."
"To commemorate the tunnel’s 70th anniversary, MTA Bridges and Tunnels will have a collection of historic photographs from the construction of the tunnel on display in the lobby of its Lower Manhattan offices at 2 Broadway through the end of the month."
"1 optimistic"
"“Come here, Max and Sparkie – come fetch your new ball! !”"
"7. Is it pleasure-increasing and/or pain-reducing? To begin with it may be uncomfortable, given how different it is to the previous belief, but with time, most likely yes."
"Talk to you soon."
"What have you guys been up to? What have I missed?"
"If you are reading this blog and you have a gay, bisexual or lesbian family member, maybe you should try to see things from what I call the “big picture perspective.” If they died tomorrow, would you still cling so tightly to your beliefs that they were a “bad” person? Or would you not go to their funeral because they were gay? You only have one life here on earth, and whether or not you believe in an afterlife, wouldn’t it be best to treat your loved ones with respect and concern while you are still here to do that? What kind of legacy do you want to leave? Do you want your grandchildren to remember you as the person who refused to love their mother/father and accept her/him for all that she/he is? Do you want your flesh and blood children to spend their life wondering why you do not accept them simply because they are gay? Or do you want to leave a legacy of love, acceptance and kindness to your fellow human beings?"
"Taste: Chocolate and peppermint, courtesy of the Luna bar I'm snacking on..."
"Materials needed for both pillows:"
"But back to the shoes.. Nike have this little spot in the sole for a pedometer and I thought that would be cool. To know how far I was going. I couldn’t afford to fork out for all the gadgetry that went with it but I had an iPhone 3g and I knew Nike had an app of some sort. The gears were turning in my head and my wife, across town, suddenly had a cold shiver and checked her handbag…"
"Whoa, bright lightning through the window and another loud roll of thunder."
"A couple of weeks ago, I drove to a party at a friends house, partied through the night, and got a ride home when the party was over; leaving my car at my friends house overnight. I got up the next day, and remembered that my car was not outside, and decided to ride my bike over to my friends house to pick up my bike. I get to my friends house, hang out for a while, and then leave my bike behind and drove the car home."
"The waiter brought over the bottle and a clean glass. The beer poured this beautiful, lightly carbonated pale red with a white, one inch head that lasted for a couple minutes before receeding into the beer. The final drop produced a glass of unfiltered, cloudy beer with a beautiful red color and a gorgeous white head. Even the waiter walked up to us and said “Wow! I was not expecting the beer to look like that!”"
"On the subject of Wake, I've been actively involved in every process of the book so far. Since it's still a long way from being released, that's basically just the cover. We talked about what I envisioned as the cover and picked through images that represented it. Then I picked out the models for the cover, and I even picked out their clothes."
"The specific complaint relates to:"
"Yum! I found this recipe on pinterest and was mesmerized by the photo! Mine didn’t turn out with quite so many “tunnels” but hey, it was my first try and I adapted the recipe a bit to fit what was in my kitchen! Next time I’ll follow exactly and post the results!"
"Heres the pages with her photo, she looks so adorable here, this was on a family day out last year, her hair is longer now but this showed her curls off. In the top corner there is the story of her Nicknames(s)... she was called BB when I was pregnant with her, it stood for Baby Benton, now she is Milly Monkey... and yes she lives up to it!"
"For example, 200 means the tweet was sent successfully, and 403 means you have attempted a duplicate tweet. However you can omit the code-checking if you are not fussed about your tweet’s status."
"Now I've got That Critical Voice in the back of my head talking to me constantly as I'm trying to work on it. It says, not good enough, not good enough, not good enough, on repeat. And no matter how rational I try to be, or patient, or just sometimes plain ignoring it, the voice seems to rise up louder and louder and louder."
"And just because I like the photo, see below a snap I took the other night from my other favourite Parisian bridge, the Pont Alexandre III. You've got to hand it to the old dame Paris, she sure does scrub up well."
"· juice of 1 lemons"
"Whatever support means to you… get as much of it as you can."
"A Guang Ming photographer was arrested and his camera, worth tentatively RM12,000, went missing after he was released."
"Jesus retires to the Mount of Olives to pray and to wait for his betrayal. What does Jesus ask his disciples to pray for? What does Jesus pray for himself? Note that a “cup” was often used as a symbol of God’s wrath."
"Challenge #11 has been set by our lovely Liz and it's a nice easy one for you too..."
"Good sellers are always looking for the next challenge and that usually means changing employer. Investing in them will make them stay longer and you will make more money by having them here."
"I was supposed to clean my bedroom this weekend. Like BIG clean. My plan is to throw away half the clothes in my closet, and possibly half the clothes in the dresser (um, not REALLY throw away, just relocate out of my house into some donation bin somewhere). I did not get started on that plan. Everytime I walk in my bedroom I cringe a little. (Who am I, and when did messes start bothering me so much?)."
"I've always noticed that you can tell a lot about people by how they view the world. A thief thinks everyone is going to steal from them, a liar thinks everyone is lying...etc...etc. Following this theory, what does Britney being snowed by K-fed say about her? Well, probably that she never expected to be treated this way because she would never treat anyone this way. She never saw his opportunistic nature because she has a generous nature. I think that she 'Is that Innocent' actually. And I relate to this too."
"This can also be a great way to advertise your work. Moo do all sorts of other printing too."
"I think the change was implemented to help slow down account hacking. If you think about it the forums are the perfect place to brute force attack a username/password combination; as its a web based delivery system that has to be tollerant to many different interfaces, and has been around a very long time. That means it was probably installed to be a basic solution, and became the juggernaut before anyone really saw what was happening."
"I rang her up and explained I wanted to look smart, but not officy smart, more trendy and keeping to the latest fashion but pieces for my wardrobe that would last me a season and what I could mix and match, throw on really quickly without thinking and look at least a little presentable! I gave her my measurements and also told her I loved Fearne Cotton's style so that was the brief!"
"Fifteen-year-old Rae Kerrigan never questioned her family’s history. That is until she accepted a scholarship to Guilder Boarding School in England. Guilder is an exclusive, gifted school. Rae has no idea what she is getting herself into or that her family’s past is going to come back and taunt her."
"Flaps up... What gate did you say it was? I forgot already..."
"The owners’ respect for the site translated into several environmentally sensitive design decisions. To further tie the house to the land, a natural palette of wood and concrete with weathered steel accents is incorporated throughout the house. In addition to allowing the house to blend into the landscape, the green roofs allow rain water to be absorbed on-site and ensure that the house remains cool in hot summer months. A passive solar design strategy was implemented as well: large windows expose the concrete floors and retaining walls to the morning sun, thus minimizing the need for artificial heat."
"Professor Adrian North of Scotland’s Heriot-Watt University has been studying the links between people’s personalities and their choice of music. After to a study of more than 36,000 people from around the world, he has concluded that musical taste and personality are closely related. More information about the results can be found here."
"then i just slid each circle under my presser foot as i sewed."
"My fear for Hodgson is that once England are knocked out (not good enough to win the tournament) is that he will have a whole load of abuse thrown at him from the fans and press, that he does not deserve."
"Not all that matters is the man,"
"Is that because the words aren’t right for the moment..or the words don’t do the moment justice? Words can be very powerful and should be chosen wisely. There have been some amazing wordflows though history.. How can words make you feel as though you’re in a moment and time that is not your own? I think about how lyrics in a song can really tie experiences to memories and how really powerful reading and singing can be."
"I knew also that Pepe was educated in Havana, but this recording was the first time I actually saw him play drums. We recorded this song in a single take with piano, drums, and bass, and later the melodion was added. I think that the feature I like the best about this recording is how intuitive the communication between the musicians has become."
"I’m not going to discuss the whole idea of ley-lines in this post, but to give you a brief overview Ley-lines are alleged alignments of a number of places of geographical and historical interest, such as ancient monuments and megaliths, natural ridge-tops and water-fords. Their existence was suggested in 1921 by the amateur archaeologist Alfred Watkins in his books Early British Trackways and The Old Straight Track."
"The simple, yet oh so very complicated answer is because He is worth it all."
"Celebrations and holidays are important parts of Russian life. Many towns hold a snow festival in the town square on New Year’s Eve. Children and parents dance and sing around bonfires, which ward off the chill."
"celebrate our 2nd birthday in style with either a birthday card or by using"
"Also in this process we have been getting repetitive signs that we may have been ignoring or putting on hold – these are to give up any kind of addiction or negative habits / patterns /behavioural tendencies, as they rob you of your heart’s true desires. Your heart yearns for love and peace, yet the toxins in your body (whether physical, emotional or mental) are polluting and blocking the flow and are dis-allowing the good to come in. You can ask Archangel Raphael to pour his copious healing green light over you. Bathe in this green essence and feel the healing beginning to occur. Clear yourself of toxins to cleanse and purify you and also ‘bring you back to earth’ in a more natural state, grounded, pure, and clear. Set the intention to be clearer vessel and to honour your heart’s true desires."
"Here is what Lela won...."
"So I woke up this morning to a bunch of old pictures on my Facebook from my dear old dad.(Is anyone else's 50 something year old dad on FB as much as mine is? LOL)"
"few words as possible. Shorter is always better, if it"
"It's Sunday, which means it's time for another challenge here at the CCC blog. We had another wonderful week of participation last week, and are always so thankful for that. With the help of my friend, Random.org, we also have one lucky winner of a SCRS stamp."
"-Margaret Mead"
"Well...maybe the VHS version. That's still pretty damn cool."
"It’s where locals from Barcelona come to be tourisits. He said he’s been maybe four times and we had mentioned he was going, all of his friends were extremely jealous. However I could easily figure out why this place was nestled deep in Catalan hearts with only one visit under my belt."
"I have learned during the last two weeks that testing in October helps us to just get the thing over with much faster, and that there is no way we'll put it off again. I'd rather reschedule surgery than the test. I think Isabelle agrees with me, too. She came out of prep session today with glazed eyes and stated, \"My brain hurts.\""
"Donald Ritchie describes an encounter with Customs and Immigration that brought home the inequity of the second-class status accorded same-sex partners."
"The tutorial was a whopping 30MB in size, and I have been paring it down by reshooting some of the photos at a lower resolution. I also had to delete the gallery of finished pieces, which is a bummer, because I know all of you look forward to those at the end of the tuts."
"I think Ella would get on well with Sue Grafton's Kinsey Millhone. I can picture them putting their feet up and having a good yak!"
"By this, of course, I mean your fantasy world. Do you draw maps? Come up with ridiculous place names? Or do you loosely base locations off of the real world?"
"I am finally reading \"I Remember Nothing[...] and Other Reflections\" by Nora Ephron, and I'm as enamored of her as she was of the gal that she writes of in chapter \"Pentimento.\" That is my favorite chapter, btw. Quite a delight to read. Man, she was smitten. I'll just write the closing paragraph here."
"Talking of the Olympics this borough of London is due to host the Olympics this summer with 40 million pounds of the council’s budget going towards putting on the Olympics disgracefully."
"Set the pan onto a couple large sheets of aluminum foil and smooth them up the sides of the pan to waterproof."
"Debra!"
"Today, outside of the very backward parts of the world, progress is accepted and expected. We don’t deny the explanations of science or the advances of technology. We value education, and we value what we hope are improvements to our world. Not to do so would cripple us on the world market at the very least."
"What about you? Do you exercise? Belong to a gym? What's your favor class or piece of gym equipment?"
"So with a year’s understanding under their belt and the newly confirmed status as the RenaultSport factory team, the RB8 has taken a step forwards in KERS packaging. Now the energy storage appears to be slightly revised, with the unit inside the gearbox swapped for floor mounted units. In this exclusive picture from MichaelD in Melbourne, we can see the units remain fitted to the floor when it’s removed. The two carbon fibre cases are closed with aluminium tops and are provided with electrical and cooling connections. They sit in the final section of flat floor known as the boat tail."
"And lo and behold, I find myself on the set of modern-day Mad Men. People in the metro, on the streets, even in class all have this austere, tortured look to their wardrobe as if their personal and professional lives are spent on the defendant’s bench."
"I just gave him a light kiss on his lips and took off."
"Gary’s Marketplace has 3 locations all with a very nice selection of wine, beer, and great staff. That said, If your ever in the Bernardsville NJ area looking for a great bottle of wine look no further and ask for Troy, he’ll help you out!"
"Don’t lie to me. If you don’t want to help me, don’t say you do."
"Since it was Spring Break, I even got talked into taking some teens to the midnight premiere...."
"Of course, this type of behavior is extremely bad over the longer term. Why is it so bad? For an increasing number of people it is yet another example of an approach, reinforced by ongoing global financial disasters, that uses media manipulation and confidence boosting as a substitute for real solutions. It fails to punish bad behavior due to the need for collusion between the government and the offending corporations to construct the information campaign. It fails to construct real solutions since the facts are not known and the number of people able to address the problem is extremely limited. Also, since these people are the same people that caused the crisis, real solutions are avoided to prevent adverse publicity. Most importantly, it is yet another body blow to the nation-state and the global market system as legitimate organizational constructs."
"As I reflect on my time here at Milano, there are a few things that I think about. One is that I’m going to miss many of the people here after we go our different ways. I’ve met some brilliant, kind, passionate people here. Another thing is that the policy analysis framework is something that I anticipate will be useful far down the road."
"Hold the fly under the warm water tap for a while will make it more streamlined and you will see why I liked to bond the hair with the head with Bug Bond like I did, it makes a more seamless transition between head and hair."
"Whew. I just spent the morning posting some new items and updating some old ones in the shop. I’m pretty proud of myself…I must say….I love my new snarky cards. Here’s a sneak peek of what’s to come in the next few days…."
"On the draft side, 15-18 taps will pour NABC beers. Another 8 – 10, maybe more, will pour Louisville-brewed beers and a sizeable contingent of beers brewed by Brewers of Indiana Guild member breweries. It is my desire to become an unofficial Louisville metro taproom for BIG, and in the process, offer a selection of under-appreciated beers from a state that, after all, has had two books published about its breweries this year, with a third on the way in early 2011."
"Wishing everyone a Happy & Productive August!"
"She looks into his eyes and says calmly, ’No, I’m your son’s teacher!’"
"6. Then start filling your basket with the fruit. Blueberries, strawberries, and raspberries can go in whole. The pineapple can simply be cut into chunks. The watermelon (and any other melon too, we usually use cantaloupe or honeydew as well) needs to be balled. Using a cookie scoop or melon baller, stick the end in the melon and turn it around full circle, then pull it out and you have a melon ball! Feel free to add in any other fruits you like as well."
"But soft! What beer through yonder glass breaks?"
"Like a lot of you girls, this is the time of year I like to pull out my crochet bag and get a little project or two going. I've been making these cute little cupcakes. I found this great pattern here by Hannah Kaminsky at Bittersweet blog. I switched it up a bit though, by adding the ridge along the bottom, a different ruffle and the rose on top. They make really adorable pin cushions!"
"“You can talk about your Rocky Neds or that old Chainsaw bloke"
"I’ve been awake for several hours now. I’m staring at the red LED display of my alarm clock and I know that in seven short minutes it will scream its own distinct dawn chorus into my ears."
"In modern usage, a 'Luddite' is one overwhelmed by the new, by the modern, by the ever-changing, who seeks refuge in the tried and true, who reveres the test of time, who dwells in that fascinating land known as the past, or even, the 'passed'."
"anyway, this is to say, i am still working on it. the bleak winter months seem to make me gloomy and addlepated."
"Spicy Sweet Potato Fries with an Avocado Aioli"
"holds the land in its fierce embrace."
"And you can see their point."
"I had to dash off just as Candy Gourlay was asking a question because I had an hour long session coming up with a publisher, which was very profitable - watch this space."
"Serving and former US Navy SEALs have slammed President Barack Obama for taking the credit for killing Osama bin Laden and accused him of using Special Forces operators as ‘ammunition’ for his re-election campaign. The SEALs spoke out to MailOnline after the Obama campaign released an ad entitled ‘One Chance’."
"And at a time when Aun Sung Su-Kyi is on trial again and we are not to be shown any further images from Abu Ghraib we might think there's never too early an age to introduce children to the concept of Human Rights."
"Now, to do my Liebster Blog duties and introduce my 5 nominees. I’m not sure if these blogs are new or if they have less than 200 followers, but I greatly enjoy them and would love to share them with you!"
"Then I remembered that I only needed to be inspired by the palette and this wasn't a challenge that had rules."
"I hope the sun is out where you are, it's a lovely day here in the North East of the UK. Officially Spring has sprung here in the UK as the clocks went forward so 'Just Because' it's SO nice here I have enjoyed it!"
"By the way, the tugboat shown most completely in the 4th foto is the 1943 46.5′ Linda G. I don’t know where she was built. Pegasus is 96′ and 1907-built in Baltimore. The goslings, hatch of 2012, were about 4″ long."
"i hear a mournful melody"
"When the first Women’s Ordination Conference was being organized in 1975, the LCWR president appointed a sister as liaison to the group planning the event. The Vatican curial office overseeing religious subsequently directed the LCWR to dissociate itself from the ordination conference, but the LCWR officers refused, and the sister went on to become coordinator of the organizing task force for the event."
"I wasn't the only one ebbing and flowing on the growth chart, the Hubs was too! And when he decided to get serious, I got serious. He started working with a personal trainer 3 days a week and I would just copy what he did, diet wise."
"Slightly less wonderful has been my battle with the current work-in-progress. Honestly, I have never agonised so much about a book before, NEVER. I don't want to sound melodramatic or pretentious (much), but I have just been tearing my hair out over how I could get it to work. It started off as a one-person narrative but then a few months ago, I decided to add in another storyline from a second main character, hoping to weave them together. The storylines and characters were quite different, so the idea was that they would complement each other and then tie in beautifully towards the end. Well, that was the plan, anyway."
"Babygirl-"
"Place the bottle a short distance away from where you are."
"Yeah, yeah- I know. That one day a year people either love or hate. Yet another commercial day to \"celebrate\" with loads of candy, card-sending, and unnecessary money spent on (sometimes extravagant) gifts."
"- More than 90 members"
"The area appeared to have calmed down by about 10 a.m. and NATO said all the attackers had been killed. The gate at the entrance of the Green Village was destroyed, with the wreckage of the suicide bomber’s car sitting in front. The road running past the compound was littered with shoes, books, school supplies and the bloody ID card of a student from a nearby school."
"Paul was now identifying himself with God’s chosen people and not with those outside of the covenants. We see this specification in the likes of Exodus 19:3."
"We are often spared the punishment we deserve in life, yet we’re quick to point our finger at the next sinner. We don’t need to point to anything. God may not be extending His full wrath, but He will eventually purge out those who continue to rebel against Him. Take account of your life, your desires, your idols. Are you in danger of being purged out? Turn from the detestable things you’re holding to and cling to the Lord. He offers the ultimate promised land."
"Ensign Frederick “Trusty” Trusteau, one of two wingmen assigned to “skipper,” Lieutenant Commander J.J. “Jack” Hardigan. Trusteau is a handsome, capable aviator, who has honed his reputation as a “whoremaster” because that was (and is) the gold standard among predominantly male societies. It was very often a sham, or cover-up, but it was better than being considered the “odd-man-out.”"
"The dessert, Pineapple Dry Ice Cream and Cream Cheese Parfait with Chocolate Tabasco. Chef Edwin did let me taste the Chocolate Tabasco, seriously it is not a joke that Chocolate Tabasco is kind of spicy too! Pineapple Dry Ice Cream was awesome because: while the Ice Cream stay inside your mouth, will have a effect like \"bzzzzzzzzt\". (due to Dry Ice Effect and instant frost the Ice Cream while making it)"
"- She loves to draw with any medium she is given. She is also particularly fond of gluing things into a collage and wiping the glue all over herself."
"I'm so desperate for fall I'm ignoring the warm weather outside and celebrating the first day of Autumn (technically it's at 10:09 pm CDT) time tonight."
"The main stage production of Kaufman and Hart's You Can't Take It With You, directed by John Glass followed. It also was greeted by an appreciative audience that was entertained by both the antics on the stage and the special effects emanating from back stage. Since The Ancient One was in the cast, Milton Chen graciously agreed to take pictures, 2 of which follow (with a plan to bring forth more at a later date)."
"hearts, rending agony"
"It has been pointed out to me numerous times that I need to post something new to my blog. I've had plenty to write about but I have some big news that I wanted to tell all my friends in person first. I have not made it everyone yet. To those I have not gotten to or missed, my apologies (you know who you are)."
"…Of being man, and all its glories"
"Steamworks Brewing Co. Third Eye P.A."
"Begin to process and clear any patterns, fearful thoughts, or habits that might hold some aspect of fear. It is fear in any form that is the ball and chain anchoring you to this dense reality of the third dimension. Fear keeps you in a state of limitation, especially the fear of the unknown."
"This year winter was in change, that was a gain."
"I think not. Being a larger frame doesn’t mean you “Stink” At times I believe we smell better because we’re more conscience of the fact that people think we’re not clean and we know we have more folds lol"
"Stay up too late, and I'm too thin"
"Shocked, saddened, angered....all at once."
"Preheat the oven to 350 and grease a 9X13 inch baking pan."
"Today I'm posting pictures of my quilt so far. I've pieced all but one of the star blocks and quilted a \"filler\" block. I've quilted 4 of the stars as well."
"I found myself very disappointed in one of my fellow human beings today. They had done something that I felt was deeply wrong. It was something close to my heart. Ironically I have noticed that the things I find the most repulsive in other people's actions are the things that I struggle with myself."
"THIS IS A WAR ON OUR PEOPLE! This truly is a TOTAL ONSLAUGHT against whites in South Africa. There is no time for dreams of a promised land."
"We had a small little party for her."
"the storm and the vision of these luminous minds."
"Even in the cattle pavilions, livestock was washed clean, dried with blow driers, powdered and shaved. Some cattle were given the whole body shave including the tail and others were left with a fashionable Mohawk along the backbone."
"Back in January I was going to see Brad Meltzer promote his book The Inner Circle and I asked my mom if she wanted to go with me. She said no. I asked her if there was an author she would like to go see and my mom answered Lisa Scottoline."
"Q. What will I have to pay for?"
"And with a million thoughts swirling through my mind…I recalled Programmer’s words… “It wasn’t random.”"
"However, the test situation posed above was not put forth recently but was asked on February 22, 1899. Yes, one hundred and twelve years ago it seems we had problems with folks not being able to carry out a mission. Apparently moral stupidity was rampant, and folks were unwilling to cheerfully catch hold and lift."
"The Third and last section of Gran Via under construction - looking up the slope from Plaza España"
"He is not love."
"2. Preoccupation with fantasies of unlimited success, power, brilliance, beauty or ideal love, i.e. they live in their own self-centred world and hate to be reminded that their fantasies don’t match reality."
"- The therapist provides the safe container in which the client moves into and out of her/his inner process safely."
"Proposed changes are expected to be enacted before the Court’s term ends in April, though insiders admit that could be delayed pending the outcome of negotiations for a syndication deal with Fox TV for fall sweeps."
"I’m off to see Neil Young next Tuesday evening. Finally, after thirty odd years of listening to him, I am able to actually attend one of his shows. In the past they have coincided with weddings, holidays, other already made plans and sold out signs. Eldest and Mrs Eldest are coming as well. Down to Nottingham via rail and then an overnight stay."
"I will definitely be finding a new full time job..... I'm not one to sit in one place for a long period of time."
"“Ha, we all need easy money. What’s your excuse? Mommy got in an accident? Can’t afford college? Need a new car?”"
"Gert here. This is pure HO/JW…I’m copy-catting here….You’re boring. Repetitive"
"Hello My Create Friends!"
"she said she would like to retract her previous statement..."
"Once rolled, fresh pasta should be dusted with semolina (preferably) or flour to keep it from sticking if you’re not going to cook it right away. You can lay it on a semolina- or flour-dusted baking sheet or linen kitchen towel, until ready to boil. Or drape it over a suspended rolling pin or pasta drying rack until ready to use."
"- 2 tbsp yoghurt"
"She’s the girl reading while waiting in that coffee shop down the street. If you take a peek at her mug, the non-dairy creamer is floating on top because she’s kind of engrossed already. Lost in a world of the author’s making. Sit down. She might give you a glare, as most girls who read do not like to be interrupted. Ask her if she likes the book."
"3. Women’s 1500 at U.S. Nationals – I’m sure some are scratching their heads on this one, but I found it extremely disappointing that someone could run the gutsy race that Christin Wurth Thomas ran and NOT get a chance to run at Worlds. After taking the pace out a la Paula Ivan in Seoul ’88, Wurth Thomas missed making the team by .01sec! Further strengthening my feelings that a “Real” Worlds where the best are invited regardless of country."
"For those of us in North America, the manga also has the advantage of having continuous releases without being bottlenecked by long translation periods."
"One from the pitiless wave?"
"This cute cottage was managed by a family who lived next door."
"You’re everywhere and nowhere somehow."
"Usually, my girl is very matter-of-fact about these things, but this time, she cried. She yelled at the catbird. And then she convinced herself that perhaps that wasn't Late Rose at all, it was some other butterfly who just happened to be there, some other butterfly that she hadn't raised. Whatever helps you sleep at night, kid."
"1. the combination of blood and saliva that flies or leaks from the mouth whilst being pummeled: After he provoked those bikers, they extracted at least a pint of beat juice."
"I vividly remember the intensity and significance of our first meeting. He would often do an exercise with new students that involved sitting across from one another, eyeball to eyeball, with the instruction, “Anything that comes into your mind that you don’t want to share with me, share with me.” It was astounding for me to witness and subsequently reveal the vast array of normally private, psychological material — shameful secrets, things I was embarrassed about and so forth — and to feel the unconditional love pouring through his eyes as he listened silently to all that came spilling out of me in what amounted to being a liberating confessional of sorts. The exercise continued until I reached my limit, my line in the sand, where there were just certain things too horrible to say aloud, and I didn’t, and he didn’t ask me to."
"Here is a theoretical look at what abstract art is:"
"First I was trying to prove that I can slowly find readers who aren’t my friends."
"now you can g'head and show me how this whole \"minimalist\" thing is done, or you can go as hog-wild with the embellishments as i did! or maybe there's a middle ground somewhere between those two, to which you'd like to stake a claim? whatever you do, i GUARANTEE i will love coming to see it when you link it up at ♥JINGLE BELLES♥ between now and next wednesday, april 18th! have fun, darlings! ♥"
"There is some Yummy Blog Candy too! Erica from http://mycricutcraftroom.blogspot.com/ is generously giving away the Spring Cottage Cricut Cartridge! All you have to do is visit and comment on all the blogs! Easy Peasy! (Winner Announced Tues April 3rd)"
"So, I must have kept them from some harmful material that might have damaged their tender psyches."
"Goddard says that this track went through several run-throughs before the final Strangeways LP version, with entire Moz verses being chopped out. This doesn't feature the \"missing Moz\" verse which was compensated for by Marr's solo over that section on the final LP version, but it does feature some unheard Mozwork with the title itself part of the lyric. If I read Goddard right, this take we have here would have been one of the very earliest ones."
"Last week, I went to a shopping event put on by Lou Lou magazine called Shop Til You Drop. I lined up early with a friend of mine and we got awesome swag bags filled with samples, coupons, and other awesome free stuff. In the bag was this nail polish! Needless to say this was one of my favourite goodies :D"
"What is it about those three words “I Love You” that people generally think of them as the healing balm to all and every problem? The solution to every situation? I mean, lets face it, “I love you” is the one thing you can say to every category of people in your life and somehow manage to get away with anything."
"And then there are the exercisers. Almost every time I look out, someone is walking or jogging or riding a bike or playing ball or doing something to get into or stay in shape. Every time I see them out there I feel a little twist in my gut and a little voice in my head reminds me for the umpteenth time that I set a goal of exercising almost every day. Wanna know how often it happens? I'm not telling (I am good at keeping secrets), but let's just say I've come to view the sight of the physically fit among the hazards of sitting near a window or on the porch in a neighborhood on a quiet street with wide sidewalks."
"I need a vacation – previous experience required."
"This month's prize will also include 10!!!! The winner of October's prize will receive 10 sheets of their choice of patterned paper or cardstock from the store!!!!"
"Here are some of the towns and cities that have seen the most homes hit the market so far this spring."
"Or, perhaps, he's a fan of Bill Clinton's former Surgeon General, Jocelyn \"Let's teach the kids how to masturbate\" Elders. If we knew this clown's age (the sex doll robber, not the former Surgeon General), it might shed a clue as to whether or not he was influenced by Ms. Elders, who some say was Bill Clinton's right hand on certain matters."
"But there is hope: ‘You need to find an experienced literary consultant/marketing expert that can help you with this… If you would like us to arrange this for you, please let me know immediately.’"
"For Akian."
"Another technical indicator of breadth is the S&P 500′s Hi-Low index which is a ratio of the new 52-week highs relative to the new 52-week lows. As with other indicators, it is suggesting that stock prices have been pushed down enough to be attractive (within a bull market environment):"
"“I love you,” he whispered."
"Re: “Scripture cannot be broken.” According to the notes, this means that no books (or, presumably, portions of books) can be removed from the body of scripture. It’s unclear whether that also means that Scripture cannot be added to."
"Besides the headboard, my favourite part of the room is the bookshelves from Ikea. Before, the floor would be covered in books, magazines and “stuff” and now everything has a place."
"I do have one project that I haven't shared, because it was still in the secret stages ♥ I had the honor of working on Sketches2scrapbook. This is a new iphone app, hopefully releasing in November, created by Anam Stubbington. I got to work with two of her beautiful sketches, my art will be on the app as inspiration for the corresponding sketches."
"The symphony, which is fairly brief, makes use of an IBM song called \"Ever Onward,\" and as notes for the symphony suggest, this is intended to identify \"the spirit of IBM with the world movement for international understanding\" - or \"World Peace Through World Trade,\" as it says on the record label."
"The first lady’s confession came Thursday during a “Take Our Daughters and Sons to Work Day” discussion at the White House when a child asked there was anything she’d change about life at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue."
"It seems like recently I've had a lot of people who have been having problems with their reds bleeding. Red is such an intense dye that I am not surprised at all, however, I haven't noticed a problem with my red projects, so I figured that I must color differently than you do."
"Your mum loved flowers (name a woman who doesn’t)"
"I went to the British Book Awards that evening. After the award ceremony I bumped into a womanI hadn’t seen for nearly three years. The first thing she said to me? ‘You’ve lost a lot of weight since the last time I saw you!’"
"I can say that it fulfilled my expectations, the color is awesome and the blue shimmer is pretty visible on the nail."
"- I did, once. Before we met. It was the only thing that could hold a whole chicken."
"I like to leave my carrots in place all winter until I need them. This works as long as the ground doesn't freeze solid, which (fingers crossed) shouldn't happen until January. And if we miss a few, it's not a big deal, it just means we have fresh carrots in the spring when the snow melts."
"Makes 12 rolls"
"I realise this country’s economy is up the Suwannee and we’re in hock to the IMF, the ECB and anyone else we can wrangle a few shillings out of. Regardless, surely there is a case for tax-relief for childcare at source. Surely it is in this State’s interest to offer me more than €5/day to go out to work, pay taxes, pay PRSI and this new Universal Social Fund Levy, not to mention employ two local childcare businesses; than if I were to stay at home, take my kids out of childcare and claim benefit."
"The poster of the boycott lobby now says: “Europeans, defend yourselves against Israeli atrocity propaganda.” Where is the difference?"
"YEAR:1991"
"for as long as your situation allows"
"Her spirit suffered that it wanted to escape thus she needs the pages to stop it."
"The sky is blue and cloudless and it's so nice and warm and breezy out."
"Boil and drain the pasta."
"This month I read 24 books. It was a rare month in which I actually finished almost as many series as I started! Lots of great books this month. I actually finally read Graceling and loved it!"
"around the things of the morning –"
"3. Texts that make me smile."
"Nice man and woman have helped me with these, what a sweat. A couple of views of Key West and me doing my weight lifting at the gym, only on sea days. Bye for now from ship’s blog."
"You know, being a step-parent isn’t always easy. Anyone who has been one knows what I’m talking about. It’s very hard to focus on treating your stepchild as an equal in the household. It’s very hard to treat them like you gave birth to them or had a part in their procreation. It’s very hard to maintain that love you chose to give them when you married their other parent. I have done very well at not being…"
"it’s trapping me"
"Here are the highlights of what we accomplished in this first week of renovating..."
"o Website developer"
"before minerals and organic matter"
"Knowing we go to Vegas so much, knowing my husband and I were already planning a trip there next month for our anniversary and KNOWING my husband kepted asking me, infront of her, \"should we take her this time?\""
"My plan to mold a pre-made pie crust into smaller pieces to fit into muffin tins failed. Naturally, the dough tore when I tried to shape it. Why did I think that would work? Left with pie crust shreds, I abandoned that idea and baked the entire thing as a pie – a butter pie – which required a longer baking time since the contents’ dimensions changed. I’d already screwed up the filling. The recipe specified using table syrup that contained 15% maple syrup. When I ran out of the corn syrup I bought bulk at a natural grocer, I substituted half a cup more maple, which threw everything else out of whack and left maple syrup pooled at the bottom of the pan, encasing the pastry in an amber-colored gel. Then I ran out of brown sugar, so I added more granulated white in its place. After an hour in the oven at 375 degrees, my pie was cloyingly sweet. I ate half of a slice and nodded off while reading forty minutes later, from the sugar buzz."
"A few images from my recent wanderings around The Woodlands, Texas. This part of the township is probably amongst the highest priced real-estate in the area, situated close to the lake, and within a short distance from the mall, the business area, and a couple of miles from the interstate, for the commute to Houston or access to the airport."
"Special meteorological programmes were performed by the German meteorologist Alfred Wegener, who established three stations at the west coast, the east coast, and in the middle of the ice cap of Greenland to investigate the meteorological condition of the cold region on the ice in 1930-1931. A year later a dense network of meteorological stations was set up to investigate the conditions of the upper air around the Arctic Ocean during the 2nd IPY (1932-1933)."
"light illuming every light"
"b) my musical radar is out of whack? Or to get technical, the Ralphee Dee musical radar has high sidelobe levels?!"
"The bees received the memo on that."
"On a recent road trip to a reunion, we enjoyed genuine Texas hospitality and BBQ on a ranch near Johnson City. While the guys were swapping war stories, I wandered off and took pictures."
"Mini rainbow snow skin mooncakes by Geok Lian"
"5. Despite living in Glasgow for the last decade and not going 'home' very often (I come from a small town about an hour away from the city) I still occasionally slip into my local dialect and hit out with words and expressions that only folk from the 'shire would understand. Prime examples of this, much to my husband's amusement, are \"een\" which means 'eye', \"ai-ways\" meaning 'always' and \"tha-morn's-mournin'\" which translates as 'tomorrow morning'. Madame G of Baroque Boudoir is also from another small town, not far away from where I grew up and I am very aware that after a couple of hours in her company after a few rums, it sounds like I've never left."
"Continuing the theme of the longer walk, my husband and I set out to walk to Stisted, a nearby village. First we walked along the River Blackwater to Dick Nunn's Bridge. This was, until recently, the turning point on our longest walk."
"Matter-Table, Samij Datta, 2012"
"fascinates me. You have to use very strange language to"
"Director : Pascal Franchot"
"Nathan's had a slew of doctor's appointments this month and this is the first week the whole month where he doesn't have something to go to. It feels good! On June 2, we had to take him to the ER for a high fever. They never found anything in the cultures they did so they sent us home! It was quite the miracle as far as I'm concerned. We have been to the ER 6 times and that has never happened before. We got out of there just after 11:00pm and we ended up stopping for donuts to celebrate. :)"
"Let's revisit the original X-Men in these scans from X-Men: The Hidden Years #6, featuring Iceman & The Beast."
"Better Off Ted"
"3. Security for costs placed into Court by BAT after its initial hearing were in Shs 20,000,000/- Kenya Shillings (or $275,000 at today's exchange rate);"
"The brachial gland produces exudate with an allergen that is similar to the Fel d 1 cat allergen (Hagey et al., 2006; Krane et al., 2003). This brachial gland exudate shares a high degree of similarity in sequence, as well as unusual disulfide-bridged heterodimeric structure similar with Fel d 1. Fel d 1 is an allergen found mostly in saliva and the sebaceous glands (glands found inside the skin) of domestic cats, Felis catus. Humans with a cat allergy are allergic to five known allergen produced by domestic cats, Fel d 1 being one of them. However, the biological function of Fel d 1 is still currently unknown (Grönlund et al., 2010)."
"When my child screams at me when she is hungry or exhausted, it's just like when she is too tired to walk. In either case, I offer food and a chance to rest. I don't expect her to be able to communicate perfectly politely all the time, just like I don't expect her to walk all the time."
"Can anyone here tell me how many atheists have EVER said that Christianity has all the answers? Now we need some evidence, but I doubt this will be provided, much like any evidence for God, demons, the boogie man, or fairies. This simply does not happen, EVER. Answers imply truth, and truth needs evidence to support it."
"Over the next two months, my goal is to be organized in my karate training. I started a personal karate training log. I considered using this blog as a place to record my training. I decided against it because the post format would be cumbersome to scroll through. I decided to create a spreadsheet. I set up a separate worksheet for karate and kobudo. The far left column lists the name of the form - 19 open hand kata and 27 kobudo kata (8 different weapons). The rows across the top are separated by week."
"My issue is with myself, for not trying harder, for not making more of the time and the opportunities I had when I was young. I have the genes to be a bookworm that loves quiet indoor life. I think if I magically got to live life over I think I’d trade TV and movie watching for several hours a week of being active outside. I’d still keep books, writing, science and computers – in a do-over I’d just try to find a balance, maybe two-thirds geek and one-third jock, instead of 100% geek."
"Mr Blyth has been required by Nanny's chums from Tendring District council to submit a seven-page document for permission to plant \"a seasonal display of flowers\" (daffodils) at his farm."
"Basically, you cut two matching holes—one in the leg and one in the vise chop—for the screw to slide through. The hub comes with a turned recess around which the garter fits like a collar. When you wrap the garter around the recess, then screw it to the vise jaw, it ensures that the screw and jaw move in and out as one unit."
"But I couldn’t get the picture."
"and hopefully back here!"
"Last year Russian president Dmitry Medvedev said his country will retaliate if an agreement on the missile defense system is not reached. “I have ordered the Armed Forces to develop a set of measures that will enable Russia, if necessary, to destroy the data exchange and control centers of the missile defense system,” Medvedev said in November, 2011."
"Trinity Brewing Company Slap Your Mammy Double IPA"
"but Manuela tugged at his hand forcefully."
"APU offers quality and credibility: APU is a member institution of regionally- and nationally-accredited American Public University System (APUS), recognized as a leading education provider by numerous military, federal, private and public sector employers. Also, leading practitioners in a wide range of fields teach APU/AMU classes."
"I then find out that somehow we owe the dentist because it would seem that we had more than 2 cleanings this year..um what? It appears that we were like a day or two early and now I owe about $400. SUPER. Let me pull that out of thin air..."
"Casey gave him this piece of advice: “Don’t quit a good bronc until you taste your own blood.”"
"One medium onion, thinly sliced"
"But it wasn’t you, the satined, overdressed"
"- Again, I've not seen it since I was a kid, but I remember being totally creeped out in The Elephant Man when Merrick is chased by that mob. For shame, humanity."
"Parents are particularly vulnerable to this cluster of anxieties. Ideas of nurturing go hand in hand with protecting children from danger. But if some protection is good, more is not necessarily better. Before long it becomes stifling and stultifying. It prevents children from learning to assess danger for themselves, and from thinking how to avoid it. Driving children to school rather then letting them walk, ride bicycles or catch the bus not only wastes energy, it encourages laziness and the lifestyle diseases that afflict growing numbers of the young."
"She was born on a farm near Ballynure, in County Antrim, and in her childhood she lived a lifestyle so different from anything I never knew it might as well have been a hundred years earlier - though there were technical innovations, like the steam-thresher, or 'thrasher' as it was rendered in County Antrim dialect, for the oat crop. All the men came and helped on each others' farms when the thresher came, Catholics and Protestants alike."
"But, I decided that just because I am alone now, doesn’t mean my dreams have to stop. On the contrary. I can travel without fear of being impaled by a mailbox when my husband would drive in the direction he is looking when he really should be paying attention to the road. No, this would be much better. And why in the world would I be lonely? I would be with me!"
"Perez-Gonzalez intended to burglarize the residence when no one was there, authorities said."
"First thing Pat did was look around to make sure everything else was found and in it's usual place, with an OCD fit that wasn't hard to trace. There it was all nice and neat. The only thing that was moved was his seat, as it can roll and once in a while Miss Priss and I take it for a stroll."
"Following are the supplies that I used:"
"which I love"
"1. Define the basic structure of matter."
"Where They Stand: Ptacek says that the TTB have presented him with some obstacles regarding his brewer's permit due to some legal minutia and paperwork details. However, his insurance company has been hashing out the problem and he expects to be receiving TTB approval very soon. So keep an eye out on the respective Green Room webpages for any updates on when you can grab a Papa Louie's with a Green Room burger. Until then, you can go grab a bite (I recommend the 4010 burger) and a beer from one of Green Room's other taps at their Westport location, 4010 Pennsylvania Avenue."
"She played for centuries as a mirror endowed with magical properties and misleading: it is reflected in the figure of a man was twice the natural size."
"The definition to this title, to this story, pretty much fits. a not so typical romance novel. It has everything rough and cold attitudes, lies, a love that you might say is ghostly."
"Did you have a favorite teacher as a child?"
"This leap reminded Xu Guan of his first training tower jump. He and his classmates had jumped from a ten meter platform into a sandpit below. They had been drilled over and over again to keep their feet and knees together – to transfer the impact of the jump up the sides of their lower legs and knees and then up through the sides of their torsos."
"To understand where to begin developing your strategic plan you have to elicit feedback from your customers (clients), and also talk to firm leadership about the overall business plan of your law firm. That means reaching up into the highest levels of firm management to understand the biggest picture. The litigation support department should fall in line with the overall law firm business plan."
"“…really and truly anybody can fool themselves, and if it’s trending and there are so many others around them who think the same, then there’s nothing that will ever question that logic.. I also honestly think it boils down to a culture thing, you can get away with preaching for instance to your white friends about why they shouldn’t listen to western secular music, but those same white friends would never question Afrobeats, because they don’t understand it. It’s pretty much a safe zone.”"
"I suppose, if it comes right down to it.... what I do is really a summation of two methods, swiping the best of each and combining them as needed."
"5) Don't know much about Asian writers? Explore and then report on what you discovered."
"Here is my take on the challenge."
"Shame functions as a filter through which we perceive all incoming data. Comments or looks or actions by others. Things we read. Love offered. A kindness rendered. Its origins lie in sin. Our own sin. The sins of others against us. But as it takes root in our minds, it takes even good things offered us and twists them so that they are perceived as assaults against us. As rejections of who we are. Shame isolates us because it can even render us incapable of receiving love from others and even from the Lord. Listen to this quote taken from the “Psych-central” website:"
"The announcement that the group would feature more than 7 members caused a firestorm of comparisons to industry established groups such as Girls’ Generation, as well as T-ara and After School, groups which recently saw the expansion of members to 9. In addition to theses comparisons, much debate is held over the stylistic and artistic direction of the group in relation to the much celebrated YG girl group, 2NE1."
"where the Muses all dance naked."
"A new study shows that the majority of Americans do not trust the leftist propagandists of the MSM, that is good news, but there is still work to be done to finally and permanently wrench the narrative from the liars, looters and destroyers, which is why you should do what you can to support Conservative bloggers. For this particular blog, in addition to the tip jar, you can also help by buying ad space, shopping through my Amazon stores and links or getting some nifty anti-Obama merchandise at my CafePress store. Remember, lots of Conservative bloggers have Amazon affiliate accounts, so you can shop through your favorite bloggers' links for things you'd be getting anyway and your favorite bloggers get a small commission without costing you anything extra!"
"As you may have heard, from September our Virtual Learning Environment will be undergoing some major changes and we want to make sure that everyone is fully prepared for these changes."
"The Wizard of Oz has always been a favorite movie of mine. No matter how many times I've seen it, I never get tired of it. And the scene at the end when Dorothy clicks those beautiful ruby slippers together and finally gets to go home is one that never fails to make me smile. And on February 3rd, 2012, I had my very own Dorothy moment when I found out that I was FINALLY going to be released from the hospital. After spending three weeks in the same room without ever leaving, I was being discharged."
"Once inside, Rayanne and I had the first moment to talk about the boys."
"Sigh. I'm trying to figure out what's going on with me, food and my body these days but sometimes it feels like I'm not making much progress. E and I will be doing a juice detox later this week so hopefully that will help to reset some stuff for me."
"I will probably eventually add dividers as I get more pages created. I am hoping that this size works well for me, I don't think that it is too large that I don't want to carry it, nor do I feel that it is so small that I can misplace it."
"Accordingly, one who is no longer a member of this Court at the time a decision is signed and promulgated, cannot validly take part in that decision. As above indicated, the true decision of the Court is the decision signed by the Justices and duly promulgated. Before that decision is so signed and promulgated, there is no decision of the Court to speak of. The vote cast by a member of the Court after deliberation is always understood to be subject to confirmation at the time he has to sign the decision that is to be promulgated. That vote is of no value if it is not thus confirmed by the Justice casting it. The purpose of this practice is apparent. Members of this Court, even after they have cast their vote, wish to preserve their freedom of action till the last moment when they have to sign the decision, so that they may take full advantage of what they may believe to be the best fruit of their most mature reflection and deliberation. In consonance with this practice, before a decision is signed and promulgated, all opinions and conclusions stated during and after the deliberation of the Court, remain in the breast of the Justices, binding upon no one, not even upon the Justices themselves. Of course, they may serve for determining what the opinion of the majority provisionally is and for designating a member to prepare the decision binding unless and until duly signed and promulgated."
"As I have been a manager for over a year now, I get to fly out to home office for orientation (yayz!). I leave tonight at around 5 pm, bring my nicest work outfits, wear my fancy shoes. I’m psyched! My co-worker–who we’ll call Amber–is bunking with me. She’s awesome. I’ve always envied how assertive she is. It’s something I’ve been working SO hard on, and she seems to do it without a sweat. I’ve learned a lot from her though since I’ve started working for the company and I know that her and I balance each other out really well."
"2. What household product or beauty product do you prefer not to live without?"
"I had alot of fun experimenting with my new piece of equipment - the Silhouette digital cutting machine which was used for all the text on all four cards."
"They love my kitchen too! A piece of mackerel fish gone missing, a packet of unopened anchovies bought from the morning market mysteriously has traces of holes and tear marks on the plastic with some anchovies sticking out. A large piece of promfret (luckily it was still in the packet) was found on the floor at my kitchen door, because the packet was too big to go through the holes at the grill."
"Mobile Application Development, SaaS & Cloud Services"
"America’s police forces could do a lot to improve their relationship with the public, but often are unwilling to do so, a former Madison police chief turned Episcopal priest said Saturday."
"“Now!”"
"At Lauds the antiphons O magnam pietatis opus etc are sung with the Dominical psalms (Pss. 92, 99, 62, Benedicite & 148). After the collect of the day a commemoration is sung of SS Alexander etc."
"of our mind and when you do not put any thought into"
"Among Brazilians who earn more than ten times the minimum wage, 4% of the population, Dilma’s popularity experienced the biggest rise, at a rate of 17%, having jumped from 53% to 70%."
"D.H: Liam Neeson – Battleship movie preview, could be cool."
"I used certainly celery instead of old olive in this one, and the open flowers combined with the lighter green created a much softer feeling card than I was aiming for with these two challenges. Still worth showing you, but not my entry. :-)"
"shone through so clear it damn near killed us,"
"It's been a pleasure to see all your clever scenes and creativity, so thankyou for sharing with us."
"Not to worry they’re other fish in the sea. Jill Stein of the Green Party has a very sane 5-point program. I know she may seem boring as we all love our bad boys but really a psychopath who murders innocent civilians and destroys countries using drone attacks will eventually turn on you. Didn’t you see “Sleeping With the Enemy?” Hello! And there’s also Anderson of the Justice Party. So don’t despair you’ll find somebody new. Maybe not right away but you won’t have to sleep alone forever."
"In years gone by, the site of vortices spiralling from wing tips was seen as a good thing, as the belief that the wing is working hard. To some extent this was correct, with a simple wing the fact that it can create visible vortices did prove the wing was highly loaded. However the drag that it created was less well understood. Since the early 2000’s teams have sought to reduce this pressure difference at the wing tip, in order to reduce drag. Several solutions have been tried to alleviate the pressure differences at the wingtip."
"And you know what? That was a very good call on my part. Every change I was tempted to make would have been a bad idea. The pattern is good, and her instructions are clear. All you have to do is follow them blindly, and you will end up with a beautiful (lined!) toddler tie!"
"Osie Johnson (Drums)"
"Our days with Rae are getting better, and we are having more and more bonding. We still have language issues, but it is getting better. Emily is excited that Rae loves to blow-dry hair. I was happy to find out how to give her a bath without any screaming and crying. She is learning to trust us more, especially Noel. She loves his airplane rides and riding on his shoulders. She even went to the playground in the hotel with just him."
"All my love."
"“Singaporeans too weak? LOL”"
"Does it? I wouldn’t know. I was in a relationship so didn’t go out dating."
"Fate has a way of slaying the imagination and the brave,"
" Shekhar Suman, Bollywood actor & TV personality"
"More Minis @ Blogspot will always be your number one stop on the internet for step by step assembly blogs of popular tab and slot dollhouses by Greenleaf and Corona Concepts Dollhouses."
"Albert is a man of faith. I have heard his testimony and it sounds legit. But people of faith have a higher standard to which they are held. The standard is the Scripture. Loyalty, humility and and generosity are among the major themes."
"Nationalists know this. For a sensible approach to the nuclear club question you need to vote for a Nationalist candidate at election time."
"After Congress lifted a ban, horses can now be slaughtered for consumption. Next on Md Donald's menu: The McStallion."
"After the abortion, Harpreet was brought to Jasdil Mansion in a clandestine manner by Dhesi and Raipur. Their arrival was followed by a phone call on Dalbit Kaur’s landline number and this was a mistake on the part of the accused."
"The fifth figure in this set is Taffy, holding his shotgun at the ready in a two-handed grip. He is a rather unremarkable figure. He's not badly sculpted but he doesn't really stand out from the crowd."
"But I feel the weight of what it brings, and the hurt that tries to grab"
"On the way to service, Dave and I were listening to K-Love as we usually do at home, in the car, and at work. This reminded me to tell Dave about the K-Love NASCAR car. Yes, I’m a NASCAR fan. I have been since shortly after moving to Ohio eight years ago. Anyway, it excites me that someone donated the funds to make a K-Love car possible. (See below)"
"Later that day, I had to cut some clips and write cues for the news room. The whole concept for writing and editing for news bulletins is totally different to writing and editing for shows. I got some experience for doing that and receive some feedback, as well."
"90 PERCENT DROP IN THE PRICE OF SHIPPING"
"\"I've got no voice. I don't know how to write like me.\""
"“An educated voter is the most dangerous person to any politician. Most Americans are lazy when it comes to being informed about issues that impact their daily lives. But, yet these same voters who claim they don’t have time to keep informed of the issues; know when Beyoncé has a baby or when Lady Gaga does something stupid like wears a dress made of meat! We have to be what we are looking for.”"
"There are a couple of reasons:"
"11-My girls are on their way to the next round of cheer competition again. They cleaned house again this year. If they make it through the next round they will go to Disney. Holy moly."
"Lord, I was born a ramblin' ma-a-a-n."
"Just in case you're in the mood to watch a DVD this weekend, I have two possibilities for your consideration."
"This time round I intend to follow this up by answering a few of the questions I received following this post (and my design you own textbook post)"
"My ten-year-old started jogging with me last fall. I made him a deal: run a mile and get unbound video time for the rest of the day. He’s a voracious reader and sporadic athlete, but lately his Wii alter egos could do anything but get him off the couch."
"Articles like this are great because their comments pages consistently expose the mob mentality."
"I think it’s pretty much an instinct to think of the ones you love when someone asks you to think about the word “together”. These people are the ones who make us who we are, the ones who help us build our characters and form our opinions, so it is only natural that they are never far from our minds."
"The Beatles began recording Paul McCartney’s “Eleanor Rigby” on April 20th, 1966. None of the Beatles played any instruments on the track, although McCartney, John Lennon and George Harrison contributed vocals. The song was eventually released on the album Revolver and as the b-side to the single “Yellow Submarine.”"
"He had requested many times during the last ten years that if he could not be himself he wished not live."
"—You look away and your lip is curled?"
"Some of us pretend to care. We lay out bird feed, cat feed, dog feed, and occasionally drop in to check the local pantry. Even when we are not busy, we pretend to be. We arrange our days in increments of pleasure and must-dos. Ah, we whine, why can't they invent something that flushes itself, cooks itself, washes itself?"
"He will always be our IDOL, who needs an American Idol when we have him?"
"She returns with a deconstructed business envelope and says, \"I just pulled this one apart and noticed how it's a parallelogram, then I made another one, but small.\""
"American Idol alum Jennifer Hudson and designer Roberto Cavalli posed for photographers on the red carpet at the 2012 amfAR New York Gala held at Cipriani Wall Street on Wednesday (February 8) in New York City."
"I am seriously considering electronically publishing some of my books under a pseudonym… I want to get these books out of me but to be honest when I publish more scholarly type works I am unsure if I want to my actual name to be associated with what I am going to put out! I got some stuff going on in these books I don’t know if my church family will understand! (SMH!)"
"And even less popular cards like:"
"* That you will think about using your real name for this, although pseudonyms can be given if necessary"
"Here I am again, believing with all my heart that I'm about to have a baby; one that I get to keep. I just hope that this time, I'm right."
"After the descent into violent conflict, there will be vast swathes of the country that have no unusual military presence at all, and that will be free zones for British paramilitaries to move, train, and organize as they deem appropriate. Only ‘normal’ police attention will be brought to bear on them. This will allow these areas to play a role similar to the one which the Republic of Ireland played for the PIRA during the Troubles, allowing them to operate with a minimum of scrutiny. Of course, the RUC could not operate at all in the Republic, and it was difficult if not impossible for the British government to have terrorist suspects extradited to the UK, two advantages that British paramilitaries will not have during the conflict in their own hinterlands. Nonetheless, they will still enjoy huge freedom of movement and action in this area, and the police will find it very difficult indeed to disrupt it. The more vicious the conflict becomes, the less willingness there will be a) on the part of local people to report suspicious events, and b) on the part of the British police to act against British paramilitaries anyway."
"2. My Little Grass Shack"
"If I can do it, you can do it. Just ask God to lead the way."
"I or my site do not personally collect any personal information about your or your online activities."
"Not a single SC, ST"
"And then there are the places that are almost theoretical. I vaguely know that there is a place called The Maldives, but I haven't the vaguest idea where they are or what they look like. I'm not even sure if I should refer to the place in the singular or the plural? Is it The Maldives or are they The Maldives? Does anything happen there? Has anything ever happened there? Surely it must have a history, a people, a government, an ecosystem, some distinguishing characteristics -- but for me, beyond its name, it doesn't exist at all. I didn't know Grenada existed until Ronald Reagan invaded it in 1983. And now all I know about it is that Ronald Reagan invaded it in 1983."
"Something needs to be worked out of you. Thirty is a watershed. You should be happy but aren’t. You need to clear your head."
"But the whole world’s turning brown and who cares?"
"Conspiracy theory: could it be that the new ‘seven-member group’ is actually a five-member group, with two of these tarts as the threatened additions to T-ara?"
"Tesco built a huge supermarket on the edge of town and it has sucked all the retail business from the local shops."
"Wan Batu and wife, Siti Aishah"
"- My printer won't connect to it (yeah it's a few years old, but its a great printer)."
"You sent me a message that made me cry, and I knew you knew it would. You were telling me to hold on, even though I didn’t know I was about to try to go. But you knew. You knew the hurt I’d been holding, the fire I’ve been juggling, the lies I’ve been telling."
"Russell Hoban's seminal masterpiece Riddley Walker was published 30 years ago this year. To celebrate this, SA4QE invites fans of the novel to participate in a special SA4QE on 5 November, by leaving your favourite quote(s) from the book in a public place, and/or sharing it online such as by posting it as your Facebook status update for the day, or tweeting or blogging it."
"6. Bathroom Etiquette II: His Razor is His"
"“Which was to offer Jackson protection against any ‘future’ problems in exchange for money. He says after a few conversations he started checking in on Jackson, trying to apply a little pressure but noticed someone was in fact following Jackson,” Clyde finished."
"2 engaged"
"60. The Main Ingredient - Work To Do (3:18)"
"I have chosen to illustrate this little moan with a picture of Regent Street in 1923. It is a scan of a photograph in an old book I bought in a junk shop several years ago. The book itself was over 70 years old and the photograph must be nearly 80 years old. The question is, of course, can I reproduce the image here? Some would say that when I scanned the image I created a new work which I now have copyright on. This puts me in the remarkable position of owning the copyright on Regents Street, a street which, I understand, HM travels down frequently in her coach and horses on the way to some state occasion or other. So I will finish with a personal offer to my monarch : if you let me use your kitchen, I will let you trot down Regents Street. You can't say fairer than that."
"“17? You sure you want to get into this? When Sal takes you he has you for life.”"
"Left to myself, I do not have the power"
"Some other things you might ask to be able to perceive include:"
"I stumbled upon your blog by reading a post that Roger Fallihee wrote. A friend had posted it on her Facebook page and somehow or another, I ended up reading your blog. I honestly thank God and the stars and the universe that I found your letter to Lily."
"Developing Phase (what you look like now)."
"We really have to face facts and accept that he is definitely not guard dog material."
"Designer - Lee Murphy"
"2. Spread the goat cheese over the bread and top each tartine with a few berry halves. Sprinkle with black pepper and finish with a couple drops of balsamic vinegar, if you like."
"The bugs will be back, without a doubt."
"Telling me that you were going to die without me"
"Chris went back to Hank and tapped his elbow. Hank was looking at Truck’s registration and insurance card which he had retrieved from the glove compartment. “Yeah, that’s him,” Hank said to the sergeant."
"In another article, Dr Marius Barnard (the brother of Dr Chris Barnard and who assisted him in the pioneering human heart transplant), said the film which suggests that Hamilton Naki did not receive recognition due to political reasons, is a blatant distortion of the facts. He says it makes a farce of the medical breakthrough achieved by Chris Barnard."
"I really did not know how I would react to “SOLOMON NORTHRUP’S ODYSSEY” when I first saw it so many years ago. After all, the movie had not been directed by someone from the established Hollywood community or from any of the film industries overseas. Gordon Parks was a well-established photographer who had worked for “LIFE” magazine and a documentary director, before turning his attention to directing films. And before “SOLOMON NORTHRUP’S ODYSSEY”, he had only directed eight films, his most successful being the 1971 movie “SHAFT”. I must admit that Parks did a first-rate job in his direction of the movie, but I would not go as far to say that it was perfect."
"We're not going to lie. It took awhile. We read that blog like crazy, pouring over every entry, studying every critique like it was God's gift to writing. But even then it didn't work the first time."
"The Mustard Seeds - Red"
"It hasn’t helped that our real estate frenzy has sucked away time that Ava and I normally spend with the kids. Over the last couple of weeks I have spent multiple hours talking on the telephone with Ava, my parents, and real estate agents while trying to cook lunch, to get Polly through the bathroom process, to take the kids to the park, and to do any number of other basic activities during which the kids usually have our undivided attention. At first they thought our distraction was fun. It was something new for them to figure out. But now that this curiosity has worn off, they quickly become unhappy and demanding whenever the phone rings. It has been a stressful experience for all of us as Ava and I know exactly what is happening but feel compelled to continue with our conversations anyway."
"Some may have objections to my assertion that Will is “correct” only when aligned with Divine Will. It’s important to remember, however, that we cannot exist in a vacuum. If our will is only to serve ourselves, if our love is only for ourselves, then we become solipsistic. Solipsism is fatal, ever more turning inward on itself until it collapses into meaninglessness, severed from the Source of meaning by its own volition. I think that there are many intermediate stages to this process but that ultimately, the choice comes down to unity or disintegration, which is a word I’ve chosen deliberately."
"flight twenty four seven"
"If you surprised yourself by how many times you responded yes, then this Divorce Group is DEFINATELY for you."
"* Turbine: The turbine consists of a number of large fan blades and a spindle. The spindle rotates when water strikes the blades. Thus the power of flowing water is converted to the rotational power of the spindle."
"Add 3-5 cups more flour a little at a time, until desired consistency is reached. You want a soft dough, not sticky. Knead for 8-10 minutes by hand or 5 by mixer."
"Location: First Street Corner Third Street"
"It was on my list."
"According to Wiehe, RK Motors Charlotte serves a very diverse market that can be difficult to reach through traditional marketing. “Shows like the Fun Ford Weekend give us a chance to not only participate in a great event but interact directly with true enthusiasts and future customers.”"
"“Some of them were followed by powerful ash bursts and avalanches,” a spokesman for the service said."
"I'm going to my parents' house this weekend, so it's very likely I'll have some stories next week. I hope everyone has a great Mother's Day weekend! I'll leave you with some pictures from the wedding:"
"“You supply the alcohol, I’ll make sure the time is plenty fun”, she said in come hither way. Sometimes you just have to love what comes out of the mouths of babes. Images of various tantric sexual positions with hi-fi sound effects flooded me like a badly cut Oliver Stone montage. I’m sure the little she-devil was laughing at the state she had left me."
"Sadly, I’ve read of at least one person who was impressed enough by this award to sign up (and pay out)."
"--Carl Andrews (AY supporter)"
"The old man jumps out from behind the door. “There you are!” A slap and a heavy thud as Hamid falls against the wall. “You filthy pig!”"
"Jolene Philo has been a teacher for 25 years and has published numerous articles on parenting a special needs child and preparing children for a hospital stay. She is the author of Different Dream Parenting and Different Dream Parenting: A Practical Guide to Raising a Child with Special Needs and a regular contributor to a regional monthly women’s magazine, has spoken to MOPS groups, and is a commentator for Iowa Public Radio’s “Iowa Voices.” She and her husband have two children and live in Boone, Iowa."
"This particular message is what I told you it would be. You may call it The Recalibration of Knowledge on the Planet. Unknowing to you, and very slowly, a softening is taking place, moving the energy of the planet more from the masculine to the feminine. That is to say, it is balancing what was unbalanced. North and South are coming together hemispherically, so that there’s no longer a macho Northern hemisphere, but rather one which is balanced. It has to happen this way for Africa to do what it’s going to do. (predictions ahead)"
"The change is here."
"Closing Song"
"Avoid this toxic chemical for 60 days and discover how your health will improve dramatically!"
"Cut to a trading post. The owner is begging three men to let him and his sick wife live. The leader of the three men says that he can't allow them to tell a posse that it was them dressed as Indians that killed the wagon train. They herd the man, carrying his wife, outside just as Hex rides up. The leader tells Hex that the post is closed. They threaten Hex and he tells them that they need to save their bullets for the Apache"
"A gentle recollection of childhood treasures; a warm reminder of our Father's love in each and every day. A very quiet, easy read for those times when the day needs a little light."
"Promise lived the life of Riley here on the farm, she was an Alpha mare who got along with everyone. She loved \"cookies\" ( horse treats, esp the peppermint ones) All I had to do was call for her saying Promise, want a cookie? and she could be at the end of our 6 acres and she would come a runnin... it was so delightful to watch her get her \"groove on\" and do that beautiful floaty trot Arabians in all their glory are so good at doing. Her tail flung over her back, hocks and knees pistoning, neck proudly arched... majestic to watch.... spellbinding. Promise had her own winter blanket, and the past couple of years has loved when I headed outside with her blanket to cover her for the winter. I remember one night coming home to do chores and Promise was standing so still, I couldn't figure out why until I got near her, since it was dark I couldn't see that she had her back legs wrapped in wire, she could have panicked but she didn't, she waited for me to quietly untangle her legs from that mess of wire."
"Amid the action-packed fight scenes with werewolves and ghuls, there is an underlying theme of sadness and loss running throughout the book, fittingly played out against a cold and icy backdrop of snowy England and Russia. There are swordfights, gun battles and hints of romance but also questions being asked. As discussed in Sarwat's interview, he combines Russion folklore and myth into a story of morality, just how far should one go with duty and sacrifice? As Sarwat said - 'horror isn’t just monsters, but the choices the characters must make.'"
"by Charles Hanson Towne"
"At all of the scientific evidence surely mounting"
"In the bloody aftermath of the attack, the world was left awestruck in how well Iran countered the offensive. After witnessing the debilitating injuries Iran caused the US the smell of blood coming from a wounded prey turned China, Russia and India into unrelenting prisons.. Hundreds of thousands of Russian and Chinese sleeper agents within the United States were activated. The Chinese triggered the kill switches they built into all US civilian and military computers and electronic devices and the US military quickly realized they should have taken their US made only mandate more seriously. The rise of globalism and the intricacies of the global financial markets was another Achilles heel. China unleashes their assassins mace launching attacks on US military bases and naval assets in the Pacific within a matter of hours."
"Not quite finished with the photos from wandering around Alloa looking at where breweries once were."
"Now, it is nine years later. It will be interesting to see if \"9/11\" is still a date wedding couples avoid. My guess is that most wedding couples still prefer that their anniversary not coincide with a date associated with tragedy. I myself am nearly sold out for Saturdays in September and October 2010, but have had only one inquiry for September 11 so far."
"How do you stay motivated to accomplish whatever goal you've set?"
"Unfortunately for Sarah, the rumour will damage her politically whether or not it’s true. Many white men will deeply resent the idea that black college athletes enjoyed the flower of her womanhood at its freshest, while her hapless husband had to make do with the stale leftovers. I don’t see how the Republican Party could nominate her now, given that she’d have to take part in live TV debates with President Obama. All that Barry would have to do is flex his forearms and throw her a wink to make her go weak at the knees."
"I’d toddle safely home and die – in bed."
"Remember when I wrote that I had to learn to stop saying that things couldn't get any worse? Yeah. Well, whether you say it or not, things can get worse. My wonderful ex-husband texted me today to tell me he'd gotten fired. When I asked him why he'd gotten fired and if he was eligible for unemployment, he told me it didn't concern me. He is actually stupid enough to think it doesn't concern me! I wish I could've reached through the phone and slapped his SELFISH face."
"Martin left In A Hot Coma in 1976 and joined up with another former IAHC alumni named Mark Schneider for the first incarnation of Red Ball Jets. When Mark later split from that band, the rest of the group continued on under the name Jet Pak. However, Mark continued to record and release tapes under the name Red Ball Jets. Meanwhile, Jet Pak was picked up by a talent agency and was playing frequently around the Milwaukee area before Martin went on to do his next project, Taurus, with a bass player named Greg Scott."
"The kids had started some spinach and bean soup. It is not finished in time for lunch. We agree to have the soup for a snack later. I make peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with a side of applesauce."
"Taking all of this into account, the entire situation is pretty pathetic if you ask me. I’m not interested in anyone else’s man and neither are any of the other women who fall victim to this sort of nonsense. And we’re especially not keen on any guy that has to be kept on a short leash because he is prone to sniffing around at ladies other than his own."
"* Removal of the rural commando"
"For example, a sister whose motherhouse is in New York reports that the elderly in her order are dispersed in secular nursing homes where access to the sacraments is limited. Many sisters say that it is common in their religious orders for sisters chosen by leadership to give a“reflection” in place of the homily. And they say that strange rituals often replace observances of the Church’s liturgical practices."
"I am ashamed of this. It breaks my heart that I was not strong enough to better protect my daughter."
"End script."
"\"Internet fart\""
"Madrid trained on Friday and Saturday at Valdebebas in preparation for this weekend’s early game against Sevilla (Sevilla has spent the past two days training at Valdebebas as well, since Míchel – who of course knows the installations very well – wanted to avoid his players getting distracted by the Feria de Abril. I wonder if Sergio will pop down to Sevilla after this game to enjoy a few hours of the festivities and a bullfight since today is the last day of the fair?)."
"What if there were teens whose lives depended on being bad influences? This is life for sons and daughters of fallen angels in Sweet Evil. Tenderhearted Southern girl, Anna Whitt, was born with the sixth sense to see and feel emotions of other people. She’s aware of a struggle within herself, an inexplicable pull toward danger, but it isn’t until she turns sixteen and meets the alluring Kaidan Rowe that she discovers her terrifying heritage, and her will-power is put to the test. He’s the boy your daddy warned you about. If only someone had warned Anna."
"New Jersey used to have many Jewish Delis. But with the changing of the times and tastes in food by our local diners, there are very few left, especially ones that still make things from scratch and really care about their business. One such place is Hobby’s Delicatessen, in Newark, the only surviving Jewish Deli in the city."
"The result was that the Yeti of Tajikistan were subject to institutional speciesism, and soon embarked on the Great Lollop (Yettish: Tümőnt'z Nyi'ařl) - a mass migration across the cordillera to British India. Their spiritual leader, Yebhamoth the Marmot-Slayer, shaved closely and enlisted in the 5th Baluchi Lancers, with anti-Soviet vengeance on his single-lobed mind."
"Be sure to visit Galen at G-Man, Mr. Know It All, if you have written a Friday Flash 55 story that you would like to share. Have a T-riffic weekend. B-good. Donnetta"
"Bake for 50-55 minutes, until the surface of the cake is firm to the touch, except the very center. (Using the Bundt, the center will be done, however, the cake may jiggle a little bit. That’s okay.)"
"The firearms will obviously also be subjected to further forensic tests in a laboratory to determine trigger pressures, workability, et cetera."
"like you did the girls from Chi Omega."
"In a statement Saturday night, the Defense Ministry identified the missing French journalist as Romeo Langlois. It didn’t indicate which news organization Mr. Langlois worked for, but Paris-based news outlet France24 said on its website that Mr. Langlois is its employee and that he also works for French newspaper Le Figaro."
"Doves are paralleled to bandits, because doves are dirty and cannot even build nests."
"Full Sail Brewing Company / Tasting Room and Pub LTD Series - Bottling 01"
"Countrywide Faulted"
"I think it comes down to fear. A lot of pregnancy fear comes from the feeling that a person is going to be out of control. During pregnancy your body is not your own it is the domain of another and they aren’t going to treat it that nicely. The idea that things will be the same afterwards sort of works to soothe those feelings of fear and makes it all alright. However, all this does it put a lot of pressure on women who may already be at breaking point."
"In April, state and federal officials filed lawsuits in Federal District Court accusing Guide Corporation of multiple violations of the Federal Clean Water Act. Eight days later, the City of Anderson filed suit and, on June 14, a group of citizens with property along the White River filed a class action lawsuit."
"When the plants have been buried up to their necks, I place a cage, or pole with them to allow for supporting the growing plant. Lastly, I water them in well. Watering in a seedling is so important. Not only does it provide water to the plant, it allows the soil to come in better contact with the roots. Air pockets in the soil can cause the transplant to fail, so always water thoroughly. It won't be long until we're celebrating the queen of the garden!"
"\"Grief and tragedy and hatred are only for a time. Goodness, remembrance, and love have no end. And the Lord of life holds all who die, and all who mourn.\""
"I'm so excited! I'll take pictures of everything tomorrow to share with everyone!"
"Last week’s post about chemical controls for grubs mentioned that one of the controls might be implicated in colony collapse disorder, a disease that affects honeybees. Two separate studies, one conducted in France and the other in Britain, had their outcomes published in the journal Science. Both studies concluded that honeybees were being harmed by a class of pesticide known as neonicotinoids. You can read a short summary of this research here from the New York Times, or a more detailed summaries of the research here from Science itself."
"“Ummm, welllll, I kinda left my new Coat ($50 Costco coat) at the restaurant…on accident, so I guess (Hand now totally covering an eating crap kinda grin)…I will have to wear my Buzz and Woody Sweatshirt.”"
"Now we are FINALLY getting into a nice normal routine. I'm getting out of the house, seeing friends, doing things on my own without needing so much help,etc. Hopefully all of the drama is over (*crossing my fingers*!!)"
"“Will they stop chasing me after I get rid of this thing?”"
"So: Try and finish all new writing by Sunday morning, type the remaining edits on Sunday and Monday, print out the full new version Monday night, perform fiendishly intense copy-edit on Tuesday, type revisions and do a final proof before sending to E. on Wednesday afternoon. This schedule may be impossibly compressed; if I have to, I'll take the manuscript with me to Cayman on Thursday and finish up with proofreading and corrections on Friday during the day. I would prefer to be done by Wednesday evening but Friday end of day will certainly do."
"It’s shocking how much of DeNiro’s screen time is spent simply sitting there, looking slightly bored and completely unsure of himself (befitting a man just out of prison), listening to either Jackson’s Ordell or Fonda’s Melanie. While that doesn’t give DeNiro many opportunities to chew scenes, it’s a fantastic, understated performance."
"But for many, Facts' most memorable moments came in simple day-to-day realities, from a child's certainty of its mother's love to the comforting knowledge that a favorite television show would start promptly at 8 p.m."
"The National Archives Prime Minister Site says about Hughes:"
"-interesting (of course!)"
"This week Sepia Saturday has gone to the theatre. Book your seat now and enjoy the show by going on over to the Sepia Saturday Blog and following the links."
"That’s why I’m the best person to be able to go out and win the states that are necessary to win this presidency and govern with the mandate that Newt just talked about."
"TIP 2. Many of the CRC ‘winners’ have also pointed to the work they have done on employee engagement as giving them the edge."
"There are 3 main agendas the designer wanted to achieve with this house. First, the retrofitting has to be cost effective. Secondly, as responsible earthlings, it has to be a sustainable design. Last but not least, to create a symbiosis of Art and Design."
"Fr Leon Pereira, O.P."
"11/19 – Primary fermentation appears to be over. Removed blow-off."
"If this keeps up, the whole nation will be in the emergency room."
"When I arrived the cadets were on parade and I had an opportunity to talk to some of them, all the cadets are very keen and want to make a career in the airforce with the exception of one who will be joining the navy. One of the cadets has the honor this year of being the Lord Lieutenant of Hampshire’s Cadet, this is truly significant he was chosen from all the air cadets of Hampshire & Isle of Wight."
"Oyster mushroom is rather common edible mushroom and it is easily available in every part of the world. This tasty mushroom contains statins(ie. Lovastatin), which helps to reduce cholesterol in our body."
"Tardif is a best-selling Canadian author who “specializes in mile-a-minute, pot-boiler mysteries,” according to the Edmonton Sun newspaper. She has written Whale Song which is in negotiations for the big screen; The River; Divine Intervention; and is currently working on Children of the Fog. She is also a book marketing coach. For more about this author, visit her website: http://www.cherylktardif.com."
"The Causes of Atrocities"
"(We see domineering aunts, for example, from both North and South, who want to \"rule\" over their nephews and nieces.) There is a generation (probably those fifty and up) who CANNOT for one minute put the Civil War behind them, and there is a generation (especially those in their twenties and late teens) who don't quite understand why it still has to be such a big deal, who'd like to see some change or progress at least. There's definitely still tension between North and South as well. Our narrator is a \"Yankee\" visiting a Southern town. His \"Yankee\" aunt warns him throughout not to be too influenced by the Southerners. She doesn't want him to like or love his travels too much. And the people of the town, especially the Somebodies of the town, find it hard to open up with any Yankee no matter how seemingly charming. From the narrator's viewpoint, readers see the tension between these two sides is still very much alive. Race. This is a BIG, BIG, BIG issue in the novel. For better or worse. On one hand, it could always allow for discussion and critical thinking on the part of the reader. But on the other hand, it might make some very uncomfortable in the process. Because whether the \"racism\" is just racism by condescension or racism by pure ugliness and hatred, it is still very present in this novel. (Let's just say that the narrator and almost every single person in the novel does NOT believe in equality of the races, and most certainly does not believe that they should have the right to vote or hold any sort of political office.) Social class also plays a role in this one. We've got the tension between people who once had money but now only have class, manners, and pride. And the newly rich who many view as having NO class, and low morals."
"Tom Hanks/Meg Ryan (Joe Vs. the Volcano)"
"Grandma B wonders"
"It’s not a very good story. It kinda sucks. But that’s OK, because the story isn’t actually folklore, it was invented to help market the fruit when it was first introduced in Asia. Seriously."
"meaning double, meaning two,"
"\"That's the trouble with the Bellows family,\" says school bully Jess. \"They're all brain dead.\""
"Yo wootay these niggas think I lost it"
"I don't have much experience with freezing Indian meals. It is because my weeknight meals take barely 20 minutes of hands-on time to make. Cooking every evening from scratch fits in well in my schedule. But it is certainly worthwhile to know what Indian (and other) meals freeze well. It comes in handy in various situations when you simply don't have the time to shop or cook but need the comfort of a meal at home. Freezer-ready meals are also a thoughtful gift for friends and neighbors who are dealing with a new baby, recovering from surgery etc."
"The A-Z Challenge has been going strong so far! For Day 4, the letter D:"
"No. Of course not. Rich people get to change their minds in-flight. The rest of us do not."
"As some of you know, I moved towards the end of last year. We didn't move very far away, but we still have new neighbors, a new church, and all the change and adjustment that goes along with that. That is why I thought the stamp, \"Bloom where you are planted\" would be perfect for my journal - as a reminder to make the best of change and new opportunities. The journal was made by embellishing a composition book, and I used the Cricut cartridge Kate's ABC's for the flower and the name plate."
"Best of all the men will be Marlboro healthy (oxymoron?), the cattle will be free range (happy), and the environment and wanderlust of both man and beast will be met, farms along the trails from state sequestered lands along the same trail to be distributed to the poor or homeless to subsist on at least. Try the below pic for an idea :"
"Two themes were omitted for the screening (didn't say what they were). I think what we saw were \"the Word, Space, Ornament and Color. \" We learned that Islamic figurative art is misunderstood."
"The key to visitations"
"As a result, Malcolm was transferred to Exeter prison farm for his own protection and later, on his release, turned the explosive threat into a spectacular entertainment."
"A frequent visitor to our gardens are the native 'blue banded' bees. They are slightly bigger and fatter than a honeybee. These bees are attracted to blue flowers. The flower featured here is a hedgehog sage."
"Best Supporting Actor: Christopher Plummer, Beginners"
"What kind of support would have helped you most during your journey?"
"Like most other gardeners I'm so anxiously awaiting spring. I do the daily walk through of the yard seeing what changes are happening. I keep trying to find things to do outside, but there's only so much that I can do yet. Too early to put my seedlings out or to plant many seeds. I've had a small pile of things accumulating that I have been \"saving\" as something to do on a day that I have time to garden. Today I was able to do a few things."
"4. Couldn't spell \"restraunt\" if my life depended on it."
"KIDS across Salford could grow up in a world without ice cream and burger vans."
"\"Do you ever listen to anything but the sound of your own voice??\""
"Naomi xxx"
"Incarceration rates are falling, but Adam Gopnik's piece in the latest New Yorker reminds us that the U.S. currently has more people incarcerated than at any point in history, and ponders the effects of such incarceration rates on the broader society."
"If you’ve ever seen the wavering air above a hot road, or the heat shimmer over a hot kettle you’re already half-way to making a Schlieren image."
"Length : 124.31"
"That small amount of selfless sacrifice carried me through the routine until it came time to blow-dry my hair. I stood in front of the mirror, trying as hard as humanly possible not to wonder if the acid slime monster was going to drop from the ceiling onto my head. My mind is the sort that dwells on things, you see. It’s not enough for me to frighten myself by reading about demons and ghosts and acid slime monsters. No, my mind constantly returns to their horrific existence, and most frequently it does this when I’m alone. (You want to know the real reason I still live at home? There it is. I am afraid to be alone.) The slime monster in Phantoms had devoured its victims by spraying them with corrosive acid. My imagination drifted again as I thought about the phrase “corrosive acid.” I pictured myself caught unawares, face contorted in terror as a slimy oozy terrifying THING descended upon me. Would it eat my hands first, to prevent me scraping it off, I wondered. Or would it immediately dissolve my face, burning me horribly and destroying my gorgeousness? Maybe it would slither around my ankles and then slurp its way up onto my torso. Or what if it jumped out from behind the-"
"Doyle considered a few seconds longer before lifting his glass. “Then here’s to happy endings.”"
"i Curvature"
"Not out of the house, we're here to stay for a while yet... but the Homeschool Den blog will be moving. A couple of months ago one of the editors of Parents contacted me and asked if I would like to come under the Parents umbrella as one of their bloggers. I was honored and thrilled to join such a great team of people. So in just a couple of weeks you'll find us over at the Parents website. We'll have a link from this site to get you to the right place. Stay tuned for more about that transition soon!"
"Now for some very specific complaints:"
"THE AVENGERS THE Templars THE BRIEFS Youth Of Today AGGROLITES TIM BARRY STREET DOGS Manic Hispanic"
"The girl was probably between 10-12 years old. She came up to me shaking and wide-eyed. “Wow!” she cried."
"Sow in love"
"* Become a follower on my blog or you already are"
"I'm a bit out of practise, too. I went through a few very lean years where my monthly expendable income was about £15 and one trip to Primark to buy black socks pretty much blew the budget. Then, working from home, the allure of magical new outfits to take the sting from the work day was no longer necessary. I was more concerned with fuzzy warm socks than swanky shoes."
"Even in writing this I feel like I'm getting on to her, but in reality I'm pointing out my own flaws. I feel like I'm going about this all wrong. I feel like I'm a bad \"parent\". If I'm not ready to take care of someone else's child, how could I ever be a good parent to my own? Maybe I shouldn't have kids. Maybe that's why God hasn't given them to me yet. Because I'm not supposed to have my own. Maybe I haven't shown him yet that I deserve that gift, and now I never will. Because I'm doing so badly with Breanna."
"I once wrote a small guide for Birmingham and Solihull Mental Health Trust, explaining police ranks and roles. Here it is, made generic to whole UK, to explain what it means for health and social care professionals. You are only likely to see the first three in operational situations; the next three in local partnership meetings or during extremely serious incidents."
"There are many reasons why teens decide to dropout of school, but it doesn’t have to be that way. Some people have valid reasons for leaving school, like to support their families, however, have you seen an older person working at Jack in the Box? I know I have and perhaps they got laid off from their higher paying job and this was the only way for them to help support their families, but most likely they were a high school dropout who didn’t finish because it got too tough. Don’t let that be you."
"Not gonna lie, I purchased the Becca Resurfacing Primer after seeing Suze rave about how great it is for sweaty bitches, aka me. It has a different texture to the other primers I've tried, almost like a thick ointment with very little slip that takes a while to rub in."
"Ricki was arguably one of the bigger names in the cast – and tehrefore had the most to lose. She already had a career, already had a ‘name’, already had a reputation. She didnt need the show to promote her, however, she needed to uphold her persona on this show. It wouldve been devastating to her, if she had gone in the first or second week… or if she had struggled, and not been able to get herself to the top of the pack. Lucky duck got Derek (who pulled those strings?) who was able to propel her through the early rounds and make her the dancer she is. She deserves the trophy as much as the next guy, she worked her butt off literally."
"Inspired by the song \"Albuquerque Turkey\", I created a cute Thanksgiving Place Value and Greater Than, Less Than, and Equal To math activity . Students will use my thanksgiving-themed cards with tens and ones blocks to identify numbers and determine which is greater. If Albuquerque Turkey has a number that is greater than or equal to the pilgrims' number, he wins and egg foo yong will be served for dinner. If the Pilgrims have the greater number, Poor Albuquerque Turkey will BECOME Thanksgiving dinner."
"Because of all these strengths, I loved the first 25 pages of Thief's Covenant. However, the second 25 pages, which consisted mostly of Adrienne as Widdershins pulling off a heist, didn't work quite as well for me. The problem is with the god Olgun hanging over her shoulder. Olgun gives Widdershins someone to talk to, like the daemon Pantalaimon in Philip Pullman's The Golden Compass. But I didn't find the humorous banter between Widdershins and Olgun terribly funny, although that may be because it's aimed at younger readers. More importantly, Olgun's constant presence detracts from the dramatic tension, because we know if Widdershins gets in trouble, Olgun can get her out. Marmell hasn't told us what limitations there are to Olgun's powers, but hopefully he will soon, or perhaps he will introduce an antagonist god to make matters more difficult."
"For your chance to win BLOG CANDY, (a set that will be released NEXT month), visit and comment on each of the following design team members' blogs on July 13, 14, 15, and 16, 2010. On Saturday, (July 17, 2010), a winner will be chosen FOR EACH DAY from those participants who visited all the blogs listed for that day. ( There will be four different winners, one winner for each day.)"
"Then stepped forth the Lord of all"
"complete surrender."
"busy worrying about how good they’re doing to notice anyway."
"Inverted pyramids to form inverted pyramids"
"“And you were a good little elf and didn’t give it to him.” Maggie downshifted as she turned a corner. Her silence was telling. “Please tell me you at least checked him out!”"
"At lunchtime, I had a sandwich made from my husband's home-made bread. He makes bread a lot, but, as the saying goes, Results May Vary. Sometimes the bread is so dense that if I have a sandwich of it for lunch, I can't get up to teach Periods 4 and 5 and they have to organise me a cover teacher. Sometimes, it's just the opposite, and has so many holes in it that it virtually counts as a diet food and means that after I've had a sandwich, I can eat three muffins and still not feel guilty. Today it was in between and the only downside was that I wasn't eating it at home while listening to You and Yours and getting ready for a nice snooze."
"I am thinking of odd shoes that I see everywhere here. Sort of clog/Birkenstock-ish things in black suede that have big platform bottoms and look very comfortable and will make me tall."
"Enemies of the West also infiltrated various other areas, such as the law, politics and the security services, but it was within education and within the popular media that they seized their most powerful weapons, and they have used them against us relentlessly for at least half a century"
"I told her that I had lost hope that this relationship as salvagable, that I was skeptical about everything, that my love was dying. It was a very tough session, again. Hubby will see her by himself next Saturday. She thinks he has some things to say and I have been encouraging him to go by himself but we both kind of backed him into a corner about it."
"Then falling in love with a photographer in the flesh made me change course so radically it puzzles me to be sitting where I am. For the length of our partnership I abandoned writing (though gained much material) and worked on image - a small design agency in Ghana, photography exhibitions (sadly I was the woman behind the man) and all the publicity material for our art gallery which continues to slip out of my books."
"I chopped up a whole boatload of greenbeans"
"Settling for an “electable” moderate got us Bob Dole."
"These statements are like the flu; infectious. Eileen Censullo, president of the Pennsylvania Society for Respiratory Care, wrote in “Reduction in mercury emissions long overdue” that \"Every day, respiratory therapists see firsthand how poor air quality impacts their patients. Members of the Pennsylvania Society for Respiratory Care work directly with patients living with chronic respiratory diseases that require ongoing treatment and at times, intensive care and therapy. Pollutants like the ones emitted by coal-fired power plants (mercury, benzene, formaldehyde, acid gases and more) can make even the healthiest person ill. For respiratory patients, breathing these air toxins greatly exacerbates their disease symptoms while also increasing their need for emergency medical care…\""
"The Western Union money transfer is apparently one of the least secure means on the planet to transfer funds, so it is often used in romance scams, business scams and “help me” scams of this type. Apparently Western Union will hand over the cash to anyone with what appears to be a proper photo ID."
"Alright. Just to be clear, I’ll now root for the Texas Rangers but I still don’t believe in the designated hitter rule."
"7. Make a shopping list"
"Something I found out at university is that they’re so many sports or clubs on offer that it is hard not to join in!"
"Holstad is a Brooklyn based artist who explores issues of sensual tension through disparate formal elements within individual works."
"If there is an ideal age when girls should reach puberty, no one knows what it is, said Dr. Marcia E. Herman-Giddens, a researcher at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. A girl needs a certain amount of body fat to start menstruating, and girls who are malnourished or ill may have delayed puberty."
"This process has enabled BAM to recover many 19th-century programs and press clippings, and some very unique ephemera, such as stamps that were sold at the Sanitary Fair, a huge fundraising effort held for Union soldiers at BAM in 1864."
"One aside works well in that Phil Parkin creates his own tick by brewing a Thornbridge Jaipur variant on a brewery visit, nicely connecting the visit with the theme of ticking."
"The problem with this sequel is that its story is a muddled mess. This was something that never happened with the original. No matter how crazy things got in the original film, the story always made sense, everything eventually falls into plays with the first Hellraiser film. Not so with this sequel. The films main premise is that Kristy is willing to go back to hell to rescue her father from the clutches of the Cenobytes, but unfortunately, the film never really follows that idea to its completion and it disintegrates into something else entirely. Suddenly the film is about Dr. Channards desires to go to hell and become a powerful Cenobyte himself. Suddenly, the film is a stand off between Dr. Channard and Pinhead, battling over who gets to “take over this operation”. So in the beginning, apparently the film is about Kristy rescuing her dad, and then in its second half, it turns into something else entirely. It does get kind of confusing at times."
"Roberts is a masterful storyteller in how she develops her characters. I can see why she has written so many books. She does a great job of building the back story behind the characters. However, what made this story hard for me was that I didn't really like the main character, Mackensie Elliot (aka \"Mac\") very much. I couldn't get behind her to root for her and the issues that she was facing with her family and her relationships. There were many points of the book that I just wanted to say to Mac, \"Get over it!\""
"But true to form I discovered there was another gospel, where the guitars still blazed and the drums still thrashed, if only one would bother to look for it."
"Baby, It’s Cold Outside = Worst. Christmas song. Ever."
"Get over yourself, I’m talking to that fur covered, adorable brute you are attached to."
"Thankfully, I've managed to fit in an entry to the Sugar Bowl before I head for holidays! I've used Catch a Falling Star and coloured her with pro markers and stardust stickles. She hasn't been used for a while but suited a card I was asked to make. I've used First Edition Up, Up and Away papers, which I adore! ( Funnily enough, the title of the papers rather suit the reason for the card too!)."
"Literary tales: Oral tales written in literary form by Perrault and the Grimms-made didactic and given morals which often don't even make sense within the tale. Made more condescending towards women and children."
"When I think of how often I let my mind slip into another dimension when I should really be listening and learning, I'm reminded of Romans 10:17. \"So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.\" If I had approached that church service with the attitude of gleaning all that I possibly could from God's Word that night, just maybe God would have given me the exact answer I needed for my problem."
"For many, being published is one of the greatest feelings there is. For those of us earning a living from it, being paid for it is even better! But, can anything beat that feeling of publication? I think so. Reader interaction."
"These days already blur together. I know we shopped, went to the ALERT Leprosy Hospital, and told the boys at Kolfe goodbye. I also know that on Thursday night, I was awake until midnight or 1:00AM. I was anxious to get back home to my normal routine, but was so so sad to leave Ethiopia. I went out on the balcony at the guest house and just sat. Breathing the air, watching the activity on the streets. I have never been sadder to leave than I was on this trip."
"You have until the end of the month to enter the challenge, I look forward to seeing your beautiful creations."
"Those who wish to undermine a society are most effective when they embark on their campaign of sabotage in small ways, so that their dark work remains undetected for as long as possible by those they seek to destroy, until the foundation upon which they stand is so weakened that it cannot withstand the final push which will send all which it once supported hurtling to oblivion."
"12 minutes I had to cover my nose and mouth in Missouri. Who knew the border of that state was so stinky?..."
"Then the foreman turns to the Scotsman and says \"And you, I"
"Faymonville M et al. Hypnosis as adjunct therapy in conscious sedation for plastic surgery. Reg Aneash 1995. 20;2,145-151 – Internet health Library"
"Cat Daddy"
"\"...The solution is obvious enough: match China's move down the many-and-cheap scale by taking advantage of emerging naval UAVs that are capable of landing on less-than-super-sized decks."
"I know in my VERY first post of this blog I set a rule to not talk about the bad things of life, instead concentrate on the good things, but my mind is losing places to let of steam."
"(Go see the movie) which makes Amy even madder because why."
"So, here’s to moving through the roadblocks and challenges in life. After every hill climb, there is a glorious descent. Let’s hope the ride smooths out for the rest of 2012."
"The birth, itself, was amazing—as all births are. Mama was standing when she delivered, and that baby dropped right out onto the concrete floor of the elephant’s stall. The keepers were quick to pull the baby to the side and Mama did, indeed, look worrisome to me. She was clearly agitated/excited, straining to get to her infant but the keepers were concerned about this little 250 pounder being crushed accidentally. They worked hard to clean the baby and get him to his feet steadily so that he could be released into his mother’s care after Mama had settled down somewhat. All went well, and baby was standing and suckling within twenty minutes, Mama clearly enjoying her little one."
"Julian Tuwim"
"The cold wind blew, leaves started rustling"
"And these, these are the tunes I hear coming from the pipe of that colourful-coated traveller there in my painting. The tune he plays is in the key of hedgerow and yearning, it is the colour of love and oak leaves, and its words are older and more familiar than the cries we ourselves made as babies."
"I think abusive relationships are really hard to write about because it's easy to get preachy or to go for the shock factor. Though Trip was incredibly abusive, I felt the author did a tremendous job of broaching the subject. We get snatches of Trip and Allie's relationship during the good times mixed in with the bad. As Allie fights to remember the night of the accident, she uncovers more details of abuse and a disturbing pattern of Trip's behavior that forces the reader to understand why she is so timid. Wrapping those good and bad relationship scenes in with the narration of the current time worked to move the pace forward and build anticipation as to what actually happened on the night of Trip's death. Since Allie truly doesn't remember it turns the book into a mystery about halfway through. Allie even questions herself as a suspect."
"Today I have received a letter from the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) regarding the universal raise of Disability Living Allowance (DLA). I receive low rate care and low rate mobility, just over £40 per week. It also reminded me that on the 26th January 2013 my DLA claim will expire! Panic time."
"what if god punishes me and smites me for my wickedness by taking my easy orgasms away."
"2) Jenny – She seems very nice has all the skills and is a bit quiet. Jamie thinks she “lacks the confidence” actually he doesn’t fancy her."
"Pours a light orange color with a slight off white head that disappears. A caramel, grainy, toasty smell is apparent. A very sweet caramely taste with a mixture of hoppy bitterness. Has a pretty high avb which is surprising from the taste. I would say it was a medium bodied beer as I had 2 at the end of the night (after pizza) and didn't fill me up completely. Easy to drink 2 or 3."
"Phat Tyre - 10gal"
"Maybe there is something wrong with us! :P"
"Leave a comment on this post letting me know which dress you like best. Here’s the link to their DRESSES."
"Today I skipped the gym. I am exhausted and Ethan was up alot last night. PLUS this week alone I have started:"
"I only need to feel."
"The ninjas lost. Martial arts and katana swords were no match to the brutal strength of lasers and sonic-sound weapons. The injured ninjas that were still alive were taken by the reptoids and eaten in a victory feast."
"The Goal: Ojo's goals for Fountainhead are to brew new and exciting beers as well grow the craft beer scene in Kansas City. \"I believe Kansas City is going through an artistic renaissance and craft beer definitely has a place to flourish and expand,\" he said."
"Inside the manila envelope was an 8×10 picture of his best man having sex with the bride. (He must have gotten suspicious of the two of them and hired a private detective to trail them.) After he stood there and watched people’s reactions for a couple of minutes, he turned to the best man and said Fuck You; he turned to the bride and said Fuck You, and then said I’m out of here."
"Axe Save $1/1 Shampoo 12oz or 22oz or Styling Aid 2.64oz or 3.2oz ets (4/22)"
"I really thought my hair would react differently than it did. I would definitely try Original Moxie again(maybe on longer hair)."
"before all of these come to pass,"
"19.6 percent: companion"
"a) I have made a number of highly questionable life decisions, and I wish more folks would have spoken to me frankly and provided me the benefit of their wisdom, insight, and life experience."
"Chag Sameach to all with aloha from our Seder table to yours."
"Alien Undead Chapter 5"
"Thoroughly enjoyed navigating with the charming character Zack as he unfolded his trials and trivilations (sort of speak) in one of the world’s “salacious undergrounds”, Roppongi. I appreciate this much on point novel of how life could be like, as I have lived in undergrounds myself and could definitely relate. If Roppongi shall become a movie, it will be a great compliment to BLOW and The King of New York."
"Hope everyone everywhere has a wonderful week! And I may even get a card done that I can post at some point. (But please don't hold your breath.)"
"This week I wanted to go swimming and I prepared everything to go there. I got myself together and made my way to the pool on Tuesday… sadly, the pool has very weird opening hours and it was closed when I went. So I guess I’ll have to give it another chance next week. Monday and yesterday I was in the gym too doing my workout, but I have to say yesterday wasn’t such a good day. I did half of my workout and was very lazy and unmotivated. Just didn’t feel like exercising… I guess you also need some of those days. Tomorrow I’ll be back there and I’ll give it all."
"I really liked Sandy, Vicki's pet giant centipede. A great friendly monster! Shame it had to die when Barbara got her Ripley moment."
"Which I guess mean that 70% don't think pubs are \"much more pleasant\" since the smoking ban. So it's no surprise then that a dozen pubs close each week, is it!"
"It has been demonstrated that, when librarians and teachers work together, students achieve higher levels of literacy, reading, learning, problem-solving and information and communication technology skills."
"Every second is a highlight"
"This beer is what it is, a Mexican Lager. It is in the same boat with Corona, Tecate, Sol. Except in my opinion has a much better flavor and taste. Goes down very easy and doesn't have that skunky after taste of a Corona. I think it outdoes even some of the American lagers like Coors and even Miller Lite (gasp!)."
"The saying “If you want something done, ask a busy person.” is very true for me and I realize it doesn’t have to be this way."
"I left with a lovely wild caught yellowfin tuna steak, some fresh asparagus, a red onion, grape tomatoes, a ginger/scallion marinade for the fish, shitake risotto, lemon goat cheese, a bottle of really nice Savignon Blanc and a slice of key lime pie."
"See you tomorrow for yet another Bundt. And keep coming back not just to see a Bundt, but to see if I go crazy doing this! :) Mark your calendars...National Bundt Day is November 15th!"
"her eyes darted from side to side looking for help, knowing no one was there."
"and moon, in the Valley of Aijalon.”"
"Unlike Casey, who’s had so many failures she calls herself “Calamity” Richardson, winning comes naturally to Drew Byrne. As head of a Fortune 500 company, he enjoys his wealth and has no problem keeping it a game with some of the world’s most beautiful women. So why should his son’s challenging, straight talking dance teacher get under his skin in a way no other female has? He tells himself it is because Casey is the only one able to bring his shy, uncommunicative son out of his shell. Or is it because Drew has finally met his match?"
"Two other portions of the exhibit also pack a powerhouse of grief and regret - videos and memorabilia of the murders of Bobby Kennedy and Martin Luther King. Listening to snippets of their speeches is another painful reminder of what America lost in that fateful year."
"My friend (who I shall herein refer to as “Chad the filthy Cajun”) sent me this link to a video of Saints fans partying in the parking lot of a New Orleans Academy sports store after the big win over the Vikes in the big easy, supposedly to buy NFC championship shirts. It is my belief that they were actually looting the store."
"Bush first called on the Trio's services for her"
"This pack also advertises the possibility of hitting Michael Jordan baseball cards."
"Was Paul beginning to doubt the truth of God? We don’t want to think so but it seems so. It was the divine voice that said, “Stop being afraid.” The flesh would say, “Do you really think you can get out of this alive?”"
"Gingersnap Creations."
"I've stamped the wreath and garland in Memento Tuxedo Black onto X-press It Blending Card and coloured with Copic Markers (G24, G28, R29, R59, Y21, Y35). The ornaments across the bottom are from the same set and have been stamped in Memento Ladybug, Bamboo Leaves and Cantaloupe, finishing with a clear rhinestone in the centre of each as well as in the top corners."
"Maybe it is. Until you screw someone. Or you find yourself screwed. Sometimes you wish it would stop. All of it. The sportsmanship, the jockeying for positions. But that's the thing: it's in our nature to play the game. To seek to influence others to gain our desires. But we do have a choice in how we play: do we play fairly or do we cheat and lie through the game?"
"How do I know what’s best? Well, I don’t. I know what works best for my kids now, and I have a very well-mannered, well-adjusted five year old. He didn’t get all new clothes, he didn’t have every toy, he didn’t use a pacifier, and I think I gave him 7 different kinds of nipples on his bottles. But the proof is in the pudding! He’s alive, he hugs me every morning, and he tells me he loves me. I learned from my mistakes with him and put my new plans in to motion with my one year old, and so far so good!"
"Where these unwanted accessories came from, I really don’t know. I’m sure my arms used to be quite firm. Either they must have been full of fat, or full of muscle, and I don’t think it was the latter because I would have looked like a pumped-up Madonna."
"Aparently it’s good for allsorts of stomach complaints including stomach upsets, indigestion etc."
"02 Bloody Mary"
"There is definitely a great benefit to working one-on-one. Unfortunately, the realities of the profession make such opportunities hard to come by. There simple isn’t enough money in the budgets of the various school and government organisations to provide tutors for everyone. We are blessed in our community to have volunteer tutors from the university, paid tutors from America Reads, and parents who give of their time to work with students after school. While there are still not enough resources to provide the support that everyone needs, I have seen that what is available is being used to the highest degree. It reminds me of the proverbial story of the boy tossing starfish along the beach back into the ocean. Critique the story as you will, the moral is still true: it may not make a difference for everyone, but it does make a difference for the one."
"Bachmann: I also refused to pay the bills"
"This second one was finished this last week and is from my PMS Chronicles...I thought I should have a name for my ranting and raving pages! lol I am totally in love with this bird creature!!!"
"Before I had my debut, when she was searching on Internet, my sister told me this “Ya, your old pictures are all here! I didn’t even know these”. These days, my sister doesn’t talk much about it but I think she’s really proud of me."
"I received an email from Gillian MacBeth-Louthan which is about this eclipse. To read the whole article check out her website. The address is www.thequantumawakening.com here is an excerpt from her article:"
"We drove through the desert of New Mexico, across the plains of Northern New Mexico and into the mountains of Colorado. We stopped at Trinidad Brewing Company for lunch. This is the smallest brewpub I have ever seen. They only had two beers on tap. Satan and I had their Mexican Lager, a cloudy, golden beer that was light a crisp. A slice of lime dropped into the beer made it special."
"Secondly, fascism is rooted in the historic racist values of white settler society in civilising the barbarism of Maori society.The split in the Maori Party reflects the ongoing racist nature of NZ society. The Maori Party has joined the NACT regime which represents the property owning new gentry and finance capitalists as defenders of the 'nation', as contemporary kupapa - Maori who fought on the side of the settlers in the 19th century. Te Mana on the other hand represents Maori workers who are the most exploited and oppressed section of the working class. Te Mana therefore represents a potential threat of a militant working class to the ruling class and has to be cast in the role of the 'barbaric', 'uncivilised' and 'dangerous' threat to the 'nation'. To illustrate this point a recent cartoon in the NZ Herald by Emerson depicting Hone Harawira as a dangerous half-breed dog on the loose is a clear incitement to racism to brand Te Mana as the enemy of the nation."
"meanwhile, on the other side of the coin, by 'following' people, and tweeting at them, i have managed to get them to follow me back. this includes over 200 important media reps. so now, if i have something important to say, people will likely hear it faster!"
"‘Cause I’m a woman"
"those engaged in the fields of Alcohol and Drug"
"The Constitution permits Congress to authorize the President of the Philippines to promulgate rules and regulations of legislative nature only (1) in times of war or (2) other national emergency, such as rebellion, flood, earthquake, pestilence, economic depression, famine or any other emergency different from war itself affecting the nation."
"Here’s the rest of the Timeline article and I will be updating it again next week."
"We vacation in Cancun in July, return to the Hotel Room after a hot day of laying in the sun drinking margaritas. A Christmas Story is on the TV (in Spanish) in the background."
"Maintenance and Adjustments"
"The education Maria Theresa provided for her children was based on learning by repetition. While this method is tolorable for some children, for Joseph it was insufferable. He had a rather short attention span which did not help. His mother often tried to please him, praise him and develop his talents. Personality wise, the boy grew up very confident in his own thoughts and ideas, and has been described as an egotist. Maria Theresa found it very difficult to get along with her son who shared her own self-willed and stubbornness."
"BBC3 HD Internet stream, tracked, normalised and tagged"
"READERS What works for you? Share your tried-and-true technique or tip in a comment or via recipes@kitchen-parade.com. I'll add it to my list and share it along the way. Yes, I'll mention your name! (First names only, of course, locations if you provide the information.)"
"I highly recommend the green papaya salad with its little kick of pepper at the back of your throat, and the sauteed pea shoots that were just wonderful. We also enjoyed the spring rolls, both Imperial (deep fried) and fresh. The French side comes out with the duck confit or beef carpaccio, but with an Asian flair that nuances the flavors; or in dessert such as the Kaffir Lime creme brulee. You’ll find sea bass in tamarind coconut sauce, and if they offer anything in the clay pot, take it; it is always delicious. The seating is casual and the prices are reasonable ($9 to $12 for appetizers and $12 to $22 for entrees)."
"Any seriously proposed topic relevant to the specific or general theme of the Conference is welcomed."
"Evia over at BlackFemaleInterracialMarriage mentioned in her latest post a good way to vet a man which I thought was worth mentioning here: If he doesn’t like your natural hair simply because it’s natural Black hair, it’s a good indicator that he probably isn’t the man *black, white or other* for you. I have to say, I totally agree!"
"That's it for me today. I've got a couple of tutorials in the works that I want to try and get finished and hopefully posted over the next week. In the meantime, enjoy your weekend everyone!"
"(A/N: Since we're talking movies here, it should be noted that my film professor's daughter was roommates with Kevin Bacon's favorite niece, so when the niece got married, my film professor was invited to the wedding, where he met Kevin Bacon. Beat that!)"
"Cushing is playing the villain to Christopher Lee’s good guy professor, who isa friend an protector of the family. The interplay between these two is always great, but it isstrange that Lee does ot show up until halfway through the film in order to play the hero. It violates conventional wisdom is have the hero come in so late and it did bug me. Though not as much as the goofy looking Gorgon."
"But, why don’t I care anymore? This is the question I ponder. I think about losing weight. I talk about losing weight. I joined a biggest loser club at work. I exercise. But, these actions feel like lip service rather than a sincere statement."
"And you know she’s your best friend when she knows you better than you even know yourself and can say what you’re feeling without you even uttering a word."
"I was honored to say the least and excited to create something tangible for her to remember her father by."
"1/2 fl oz grenadine syrup"
"I am meeting with a wellness coach tomorrow, so I will let you know how that goes. I am trying to lose weight, and so far, I have lost 7 pounds. It is a struggle, but I am in need of this, and just need my ankle to heal better before I start getting crazy with exercise."
"The Tanglewood's Secret"
"Another man in a large truck blared country music as he raced across my peak."
"Cam and his buddies from school. They have to be buddies because in a class of 15 they are the only 3 boys."
"Chris has continued to work as a technical assistant at Swinburne University. I think he's a little frustrated with his work at the moment though and would like to move on though. He's completing a three day chocolate course in a couple of weeks which is something he has wanted to do for ages. Maybe a career change to professional chocolatier?!"
"Ramona has been kind enough to stop by with a lovely guest post about her novel, Hex: A Witch and Angel Tale."
"In my brave new world, I am a successful multi-published author, Super Mom, and a calm, confident and super-happy person. I have enough time to achieve everything I want to do. Anyone who says any different is clearly just a construct of my sub-conscious, and my conscious brain has the power to send that imaginary person into oblivion."
"It is meaningful to put young learners in situations where cooperating is key! In the ball pass, we passed a cup-full of balls around the circle from one friend to the next. This is working on hand-eye coordination, as well as cooperation and concentration!"
"“Roving Apps” – This space is dedicated to reviewing new apps, old apps, useful ones, and ones that might be better served remaining in the App Store. My reviews are based on classroom use and my own exploration of what is out there and what I have found as more and more apps for the iPad are created."
"Starving yourself, having inadequate meals or skipping meals can lead to overeating and (according to the article) sends a distress signal to your brain that triggers cravings. This is a road to disaster and weight control issues…so try to have 3 good meals a day (the right types of food) so that you don’t crave the ‘wrong’ things…granted, some people eat little and often, and that is fine…you know your body, and if you don’t….get to know it!!"
"“So are you saying you believe me?”"
"SIDS is the leading cause of death among infants aged 1–12 months, and is the third leading cause overall of infant mortality in the United States"
"I love you, I do and I always will"
"This is the cover of the book. I’m very happy to share it with you. The Maverick House logo isn’t on it yet but I’ll replace it when I can."
"It might be strange that I should complain about this…I am a taxonomist after all, and this is the taxonomist’s calling: to name things. This Andrena, that Bombus, this Vanessa, that Papilio. I have 40,000 insect specimens in scintillation vials of 75% ethanol, neatly sorted, labelled, and classified."
"Measure the total length that you need to reduce - it is usually about 1 - 1.5cm (1/2\"). If you need to reduce much more than this, I would definitely check that some of the fit issues mentioned above are not present."
"Edward Weston (1 palladium or platinum print, 1925)"
"I just have to say, I hope you all are having as much fun with Phyllis's tour as I am. When I came up with this wacky idea, I never dreamed that everyone would be so incredibly enthusiastic and creative and wonderful! You have all done such an amazing job, and every time I think you can't be any more awesome, you are! So thank you to everyone who is hosting and posting Phyllis, and to everyone who is reading and commenting and lending their support in other ways. This tour is only what it is because of you!"
"The moment seems charged with a lot of dramatic weight in a way that a moment of action can never be. Moments of action are somewhat flat: in a moment of action, characters aren't feeling deep, complex emotions. They're either scared or angry, or maybe they could feel triumphant or defeated, I suppose....but in moments of action, when people are breaking down doors or ducking a bullet, they aren't feeling any deep complex emotions."
"As they flood forth"
"Lots of low-cal choices, but that doesn’t matter when I am famished two hours later. Plus, it’s just not tasty. I rarely eat at Subway. If you must, do one of the lean 6-inch subs (they're marked as such) with double meat."
"I still can’t quite decide whether it’s easier to check them through google reader, or as RSS feeds in my home page."
"Walker SP, Higgins JR, Pemezel M, Brennecke SP. Maternal work and pregnancy. Aust NZ J Obstet Gynaecol 1999; 39: 144-151."
"I would love some suggestions as to where I could find nice storage solutions. Have you got any ideas? Please leave me a comment below if you’d recommend any websites."
"Eva Marie Garroutte, Boston College"
"Chances are, you’re reading this because you’re a friend of mine and I posted this link on Facebook. If you know me well, you know that I’ve struggled with my health for a while now. Between being overweight, a back injury, knee problems (both of which wouldn’t be a problem weren’t it for the first thing!) and dealing with depression and anxiety, the past decade has been tough. Well, no more, I say!"
"Typical incomer, I guess, a slave to my own nosiness getting involved in every possible aspect of the local community, but I’m beginning to wonder whether I’ve been inadvertently been sucked into some random episode of The Archers (where it all gets a bit silly and Lynda Snell tries and fails to direct a pantomime), and will wake up one morning in the not-too distant future to find myself answering to the name of Bunty and riding around the village in a pith helmet on a Pashley bicycle. Stranger things have happened."
"They take over the lunchroom and library."
"I have been buying a little too much in the sales but my goodness the discounts are good! I bought this silk maxi dress for £25 in the Warehouse sale. Annoyingly, shortly after my purchase it was reduced further to £20! Curses!"
"Many of these recipes are rooted in history, weathering the resiliency of time and are as sound as the massive oaks landscaping our Southern Gulf Coast. Many are ones we just love to eat. I am proud to share these with you."
"Parts of the bridge have had to be rebuilt at various times. During the English Civil War for example one arch was demolished, the bridge also had to be partially rebuilt after damage during a great storm and flood in 1588."
"We then see Det. Trupo, at his house in the morning answering his doorbell. He opens the door to find a live turkey in a cage outside his door. He then sees his prized sports car blow up. Frank has an elaborate Thanksgiving dinner at his mother's house with the whole family attending. We also see some scenes of junkies overdosing. After dinner Frank's family gathers outside. He asks his nephew Steve, who he had arranged a tryout with the Yankees, why he hadn't tried out. Steve tells him he doesn't want to play ball anymore, as he'd rather be like Frank. Frank is called away by Huey, who tells him there's a problem. Frank and Huey visit Nikki Barnes at his nightclub. Frank tells him to stop cutting his Blue Magic, and if he has to, to call it something else. as the name stands for his quality of product and weakens his brand name. Nikki gets insulted by Frank's demanding tone, but agrees."
"Pro Color is a new movement that promotes the use of more colour in every day life, because \"... a colourful, pleasant and positive society begins simply with more colours\". As they state in in their manifest, they want to put on the agenda those issues that are generally overlooked by politicians and they do this by bringing them to the public's attention with beautiful colours. An example?"
"So here's to Monday and the start of a new routine!"
"–Alicia Hilton"
"The truth is, my life is not that interesting. Shocking, I know. But the other truth is that I am afraid. I'm afraid to divulge too much information on my blog about myself and my family. It's scary."
"Today’s watches can be almost anything you want them to be. Some people might want a calculator. Others might like a watch that offers video games, a digital camera or even a cell phone."
"R5-15- sc in each sc (24)"
"Remember to post your projects using Inlinkz no later than 12:00 noon Central time on Friday, November 25, 2011. We will announce the winner of the stamp set and the new Top Mouse Award winners when the new sketch challenge is posted on Saturday, November 26th. Please use a direct link to your project and feel free to enter as many times as you like!"
"Last week I was at one of Griffins activities with him, and another Mom there was wearing (at 9:30am) heavy gold sparkly eyeliner. With her gym clothes."
"Maybe because I've been feeding him this?"
"That’s right (yes fly high!) And I (I) (you fly high!) Can’t deny"
"OK, so they really weren’t part of the 70′s or 80′s…..but they just missed the 80′s by a few months so I thought I would cut them some slack…"
"7. Put the lug nuts back onto the wheel in a star pattern. Tighten them as much as you can with your fingers."
"Mandii xoxo"
"Beautiful that war and all its deeds of carnage must in time be"
"It's not always a great approach to writing and revising, though. If I get stuck, I have a really hard time skipping over a scene and coming back to it later. So if I want to take a break from it and work on something else, I usually have to pick something outside of my manuscript. A totally different project. I can also usually work on the query or the synopsis, or outline something new, so it's not all bad, and I get other stuff done that might make my life easier later! But. We all know how frustrating a day or two (or, let's be honest, a week or two sometimes) away from the manuscript can feel. (That is, until you return to it refreshed and realize it was worth it.)"
"I honor those who helped construct the building."
"When you live in a world that was spoken into being, words bringing all that is into existence, you ought to hold words in esteem. How rarely we do."
"I think she liked teenagers because that is where her self image stopped growing. In her mind she was perpetually that pretty girl who the boys sought after, going to parties and hanging out with her friends. Once we became grown and had families of our own, her interest in our lives"
"\"Monica Sone's account of life in the relocation camps is both fair and unsparing. It is also deeply touching, and occasionally hilarious.\"-New York Herald Tribune"
"This band of genuine nomads turned rebel fighters might never have made it out of the desert and onto the world stage if French band Lo’Jo hadn’t caught Tinariwen performing at a festival in Mali in 1998 (eight years after it had returned to its homeland from exile) and invited the musicians on tour. Since then, championed by the likes of Robert Plant and Carlos Santana, the band has received numerous awards and accolades, and stands at the forefront of desert blues."
"for other toes to hold"
"Feminism in developing world usually take a leaf out of the “developed” world (as they can teach the “right” thing and not visa versa) , but do these developing world feminist are willing to understand what boys feel or is it too out of the world for them( and additionally accept their flaws too). It has been widely understood that woman become feminist out of oppression of themselves in the hands of their male peers of elder males in the families since they cannot understand their “feeling”. It may be so that in process of being a man in order to not get affected by emotions in decision making ,they needed to subvert their feelings. A phenomena which has been successful to men for thousands of years.(but how can a man expect a feminist to understand this feeling, after all it is always other way round)"
"Yeah, I don't think they read that part (I'm starting to wonder if they've read any of the bible at all)."
"“Hey you’re a fucking bitch”"
"Next up was Emma from Fisher & Paykel. I suspect Emma may have the best job in New Zealand, not only does she & her colleagues produce a fantastic blog, they do it during working hours. Needless to say there were plenty of volunteers to fill her shoes should she ever decide to hit the road……."
"On a normal note, can you believe I am going to buy this?"
"“God—‘Our Father who art in heaven,’ the creator of heaven and Earth in six days—gets the bus?”"
"ROMNEY: Well, the reason that there’s not peace between the Palestinians and Israel is because there is — in the leadership of the Palestinian people are Hamas and others who think like Hamas, who have as their intent the elimination of Israel. And whether it’s in school books that teach how to kill Jews, or whether it’s in the political discourse that is spoken either from Fatah or from Hamas, there is a belief that the Jewish people do not have a right to have a Jewish state."
"Oh god, I really hate Cate Blanchetts dress. Absolutely hideous. Maybe interesting, but definitely ugly. You'll see this in my red carpet update for sure."
"end up what people"
"Johnny was fucked up in a bad way and Sid could see this. Johnny was silent, something else that never happened. His t-shirt looked like it had been soaked in tomato juice and his eyes were bleeding."
"There’s also another project that I have on the side called CLU3. It’s mainly for getting that frustration out of not knowing what to make. Once I made a couple of random chaotic songs it actually helped me concentrate on making Persona style songs. You can check out my chaotic side here:"
"I won’t talk much about my call center life since I’ll make that the topic of a future ‘confessions of a teacher’. Suffice to say, I couldn’t imagine myself doing that kind of work much longer."
"though I trust you’re near me"
"Oh, I've just remembered! My assignment for my creative writing class this week is about establishing setting, and our homework was to write three paragraphs about a place we've been. Mine's still in the works, but it will be three paragraphs about places I've been in Japan. Would you all like to see it when it's done? I know a lot of people have been asking for more detail about my Japan trip - I know, I know, I still owe you one article on it- it's coming, promise! - so if you're interested that'll be posted later this week! ♥"
"6For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,”"
"The maybe Grammie part of me says: \"Can't I just put it on facebook\"????"
"And so we stood, champagne in hand, and watched god only knows how much of our taxes explode in a kaleidoscope of colours against the backdrop of the world's most famous landmark and the world's most beautiful city."
"On 17 August 1996, the victim’s body was discovered by police and his family in his home in San Antonio, Texas. He had been shot twice in the head and stabbed in the shoulder. The bullet fragments at the scene were consistent with having been fired from a pistol owned by the victim. This pistol, and the victim’s red Harley Davidson motorcycle, were missing from his home."
"Bottom line: It's a hodge podge, crazy nightmare of a pool."
"308) rain...lots of it, watering my garden over the last two days"
"I think that to the great majority of people out there, unschooling is thought of as a method of education. And I think I've referred to it as such myself, at times. But that description doesn't sound quite right to me: it makes me think of all the different curriculums and school reforms, where new methods are implemented, then the results are studied. That's what people often see unschoolers as: results of a specific method of education."
"Gregory: what will happen Super Tuesday?"
"Third, the workers had sinfully re-ordered their priorities. They were working on their own houses while the house of the Lord remained unfinished."
"Design a movie poster, which is based off the series."
"And what a line up - Masekela and Dudu Pukwana, Larry Willis, Makaya Ntshoko, Eddie Gomez with Caiphus Semenya providing a lot of the material and producing as well."
"7) Inspire other writers to keep writing."
"“I know, George,” Rachel said, walking on toward the river. Even though she didn’t. Rachel had that unusual ability to be totally fulfilled alone. She’d never really known what lonely felt like. All her life, friends had felt sorry for her being single, but she’d never wanted to change that status. Never felt the need. She was the exception, she knew. George was the rule."
"There are many things to like about the simplicity of a digital clock, though when you unplug the one by my bed, time simply vanishes. On digital clocks I can see the time at the three am worry hour."
"that define the experiment—the consciousness of the human observer.”"
"Today I will be sharing my thoughts on the EOS Ice lenses in Brown kindly sponsored by MUKUCHU. I haven't seen many reviews on these yet so I'm assuming they're fairly new. I want to apologize in advance for my poor photo quality (you'll see what I mean!) I didn't notice until they were uploaded on my computer :/"
"Posting photos soon so you too may admire is adorabilitousitude."
"So yesterday in celebration we all did nothing. For ages. We drank coffee (those of us over 3 years old), ate popcorn, sat on Mama (those of us under 3 years old) and enjoyed the sun. Richer!"
"Crowded House Don’t dream it’s over NZ"
"Yesterday \"The Missy Malone & Friends Burlesque Revue\" hit the road for Boston (Lincolnshire!) and the Blackfriars Theatre!"
"Abbie"
"Tomorrow, my sweet little ones will arrive back in my classroom, and I can't wait to see their excitement as they greet new table partners, explore a new room rearrangement, reach for freshly sharpened pencils, and wish a good morning to their well-rested teacher. I hope that you also had a restful break and that you enjoy the first day of school...the first day of school in 2012, that is!"
"There is already talk of moving the weekly demonstration in Tahrir Square to Abbasiyya. That could amount to an open confrontation with the military. Anger appears to be building once again, and the implications for the Presidential elections are unclear but may prove significant."
"I picked purple and yellow."
"In the meanwhile I may just have to start a collection of those pretty green bottles as I continue on my quest to become a beer connoisseur."
"22. Pretty Woman (Richard Gere)"
"3. Organic celery, .88/ea. at Sprouts (through 11/25/10)"
"Dad told me later that those were carp, and were in the creek all the time. For some unknown reason they all rose to the surface that day. It never happened again, and in all twelve years we lived there I never caught a carp."
"Well, I'm off to finish dinner and rest. My brain can't take too much in one day. I'm also working on a major construction in Children's Ministry that will start next week. All your prayers that I can handle both projects, Sunday Children's Ministry and my own house chores without feeling overwhelmed."
"Contrast that with Chuck's interactions with the similarly hypersexualized reporter Rebecca Chang:"
"“It’s so nice, so quiet,” he said as he stood gazing, on and on at the rolling hills infront of him. There was a moat that quietly slithered in and out of the mountain reflecting the blue of the sky. And the colors painted infront of you were so vivid you could touch them."
"I would be remiss if I didn't point out the Mr. Polk is one of the few Presidents to have a song written exclusively about him. I have put the YouTube video at the bottom of this post. The song is by \"They Might Be Giants.\" Here's a link to the lyrics so you can sing along. And if you need it, rumor has it that ADR has the song on his iPod."
"I still vote: creepy."
"Still, they became something of a sensation, in Punk Rock circles; The Clash specifically asked for them to be their openers for their Vancouver show. Of course, the girls made the most of the situation, by playing \"London's Burning\" for their encore. Joe Strummer et al were reportedly so taken aback, that they dedicated their own original to \"Madames Dishrags\"."
"“I hate you. I wish you was dead.”"
"If you don’t recognize her, that’s Marilyn Monroe. An actress, comedienne and the most desired sex symbol during the 50′s to 60′s. Oh, and she was a size 14 (Which means she probably had a 32 -inch waistline)."
"After I'd fed her a few meals and felt I'd evened up the score of hospitality a bit, I let her take me to London for an all expenses paid birthday treat. Phew. Just in the nick of time as my confidence in my abilities and my creativity was waning. We walked and walked and I felt I earned a small amount of kudos by being the map reader and guide. Tamara has a keen interest in street art and seeing it through her eyes I became a huge fan too of this most optimistic of creative pursuits. The first piece we saw was this incredible and huge heron on the side of a wall in Bricklane It must have been 30 feet high and when we came around the corner it made me catch my breath and brought tears to my eyes. How on earth did they get it here?"
"Time meta-trageth time in the mirror of existence"
"~John Keats"
"\"Humph!\""
"Issue 1: The Turtle."
"Acquisition of land by the government for public purpose or for the companies is governed by the Land Acquisition Act, 1894."
"This latest bizarre development follows continued criticism and a litany of unfolding scandals of child sexual abuse perpetrated by priests in the Catholic Church in Ireland, England and the USA over many decades. The Catholic Church has been accused by many of its abused victims, as children, that they were sworn to pacts and oaths of secrecy to enable the church to protect the perpetrators and facilitators, and priests alleged to have committed acts of abuse were simply moved from community to community."
"The rosti stack and french toast are worth a try, but while the french toast is a decent size, the rosti is rather small for the price. The muesli that I had was rather average, and not really worth a mention."
"I have always seen these reviews as much for the companies themselves to see their services highlighted and compared in one area, as well as being a resource guide and benefit for authors looking at the business of subsidy and self-publishing. I say business, because that is exactly what it is. These companies are primarily supposed to be supplying author services for a fee, and secondly, ‘adopting’ the role of publisher. For some, this ‘adopted’ role is borrowed far more loosely than others, rendering services which vary from excellent and reputable to out and out scam merchants preying on unsuspecting authors. For the authors using these companies, it is also a business. They are paying out three to four figure sums of money to companies—even with the best intentions and print quality offered in the world—they are not traditional publishers and most of them operate with a business model lacking a hard and fast distribution plan to high street stores and personnel without true publishing experience."
"Maynard poses a provocative question, and then answers it:"
"**Click**"
"Pradip’s inspired idea was to create the Dip-Bahan, a faster, lighter rickshaw and then, under a microfinance model, allow pullers to buy the rickshaw and repay the loan in 18 months, on a daily basis. When banks refused to finance production of the new Dip-Bahans, Pradip went to businesses and cleverly got them to invest by giving them deeply discounted ad rates on the backs of the rickshaws. Once the puller owns his rickshaw, he can double his income and begin to pull himself and his family out of poverty. Pradip also finances uniforms, shoes, licenses, health and accident insurance, and photo ID cards under the same microfinance model, to bring respect, safety and camraderie to the profession."
"I had gone to a work function – something that would fill me with horror and awful anxiety just twenty-nine days ago – and spent an hour talking confidently with colleagues, drinking just a few sips of wine and LEAVING half a glass."
"syndrome. She also juggles a fashion career, volunteering for her sons’ PTA, raising money for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and other charities, attending her sons’ sporting activities five nights a week, exercising, writing, and tending to the daily cooking, laundry, dishes and stress that come with modern life."
"I have to say that I will honestly mourn the loss of having a physical book to open...to turn it's pages, and hold it's place on my bookshelf while I'm reading it for the second or third time. Don't get my wrong, I like my Kindle, but those of us who still love the feel of having a book in our hands, turning the pages on your Kindle just doesn't hold the same joy as flipping the pages of a physical book."
"In fact, parenting with all of the above may actually guarantee that your children are more likely to struggle in many different ways through out their life than children who are parented unconditionally with respect and freedom, who don't go to school, and who are supported in following their natural patterns of learning and exploring their interests and passions."
"According to the results 17 of us crossed the line in exactly 43 minutes. Some deadheat!!"
"see what we can see"
"Sally, as he was called, marched or walked,"
"They are pretty fucking cute. And they know how to use the litter box. I don't know the sexes of either and my initial observations of their nether regions have left me scratching my head, because, frankly, whatever Mr. Whiskers has down there looks more like a donut than anything else. They are somewhere between 6 and 8 weeks old, but I forgot to ask my parents (who own their mother) exactly when they were born."
"Nestlé introduced one of my favorite candy bars, Crunch, thirty-one years before I was born. This simple twist on their milk chocolate bar in 1938 was a great idea because chocolate was going to be more difficult to get with WWII in the wings and well through the first part of the 1950s. Why did I like this so much when I was growing up? I think I always loved my mother's rice crispy treats especially when she melted in chocolate chips and these remind me of those. 5 3/8th inches long and 2 inches across this looks big is only 0.25 inches thick if you measure the majority of the bar and not the raised edges. This is one of the purer chocolate candy bars in the feature today sugar chocolate, and cocoa butter are the first three ingredients and the list is shorter than many we've seen today. It has a very strong vanilla flavor and the the chocolate is very creamy. While this may have been a favorite of mine in the past, today it just isn't dark enough for me by a long shot but with less ingredients and two products from the cacao bean, it fits in this box."
"And what a perfect host he has been . He was personally there supervising everything from stage management to sitting arrangements at 6.30 pm sharp, in fact before that because when some of us reached at 6.30, he was already there greeting us with that infectious smile. Mrs. Sushmaji Chamaria personally supervised the menu and it did reflect on the quality of food served. Mr. Pulak , his son and daughter in law were also present at that time to greet us. They made us feel so comfortable, that nowhere did it feel that we were actually the guest for the event. In fact at 6.30 when the stage was being set up, he actually apologised to us for being late as according to him the guests would start coming in by 7 , the time invited. and they did, his friends and colleague were there by 7, 7.15 max. This was the first LAPD lesson learnt that day . Respect the time …ours and others."
"\"Arrrgghhh ... do I really need to answer truthfully? You're going to judge meeeeee.\""
"We will still have 3 winners."
"Jessica Colley came next, a US expat, exceptionally well-travelled in her guise as travel writer, but longtime resident in Dublin. I've bumped into Jessica at workshops over the last few years, but hearing her read a body of work tonight really brought her particular voice into focus. Fragmentary and atmospheric, her poems conjured shades of their subjects as if layered together from ricepaper."
"It's getting frustrating and I'm running out of excuses."
"Meanwhile, HB1534 has started to receive a bit of attention from the press. For instance, The Kansas City Star writes in the article, “Missouri bill would ban implementing health care law” that “A Missouri House panel has endorsed legislation making it a crime for federal officials to attempt to enforce the 2009 federal health care overhaul in the state.”"
"\"I said it's not her mother!\" I could feel my anger almost returning."
"These after photos show a more accurate color of the linen and threads. I ran into a problem when finishing. There was only 2\" of fabric left on one end of the design and it called for 3\" on both ends in order to use the buttons/buttonholes. So I took the fabric I cut off the sides and made handles! It is too small to be a tote bag, but it is a beautiful purse."
"B. A Denial Of The Imminency Of The Return Of Christ"
"that will confront issues, lovingly & honestly point out my faults, talk about problems,"
"Within Boston o Jamaica Central: 73.8% o Cleveland Circle: 73.1% o Oak Square: 63.2% o Upper Washington: 58.7% o Jamaica Plain: 58.6%"
"Then, we dipped in."
"Still, lefties love it. Wilkinson and Pickett have been fêted for putting into cold statistical fact what the left have been banging on about for generations. That the rich are evil, despite the fact that absolute poverty diminishes as economies grow on the back of entrepreneurial endeavour."
"Through providing loans for the villages to purchase coffee plants, the villages can begin producing a good income that returns back into the development of their own homes and village. This coffee is where we get our La Mai coffee from."
"I won’t even get started with the case with Abu Ghraib. And yet, they still say they were just following orders; and that they are doing their jobs because they’re protecting us from terrorists (Abu Ghriab has been turned over to the Afghani government, and ‘those’ who were found guilty of torture and other inhumane acts have been punished… whatever that means)."
"· Installation of Integrated Security System at all 202 identified stations to be"
"Here is a card I made for my friends birthday, I really like making cards in the pink, brown and cream colour combo they always look nice."
"Two top executives at Susan G. Komen for the Cure have announced their resignation, amid reports that the breast cancer charity is struggling to raise money and repair its reputation after its decision to defund Planned Parenthood and subsequent reversal."
"Looking through my wardrobe today i realized i have many tops, many skirts, many accessories.. a car bott is a must - as i have plenty of clothes i need to sell and get rid of ... this will be my next step - hopefully i can make some money and save it - not put it toward more clothes.."
"A divorce is not just the dissolution of a marriage, it is taking a life that you have built together and separating it forever. If there are kids involved it is even harder. I wish I could just walk away with what I came into this with, but I have kids to support. I have to put a roof over their heads, clothes on their backs and food in their stomachs and that costs money. So why don't I go to work? Good question! I would love to, but right now it is not possible...unless someone wants to watch my kids this summer for free???? (just kidding)"
"What began as a hearing sympathetic to the police’s budget constraints turned into a barrage of criticism as the conversation moved from what the police required to do their jobs, to the savings that could be achieved by simply cutting out waste and graft."
"Just to recap, this is going to be a part of an occasional series of posts I'm going to make on this blog. This'll be where I compare an early set of lyrics to a later set of lyrics for one Joy Division song. Sometimes I may compare multiple sets of lyrics of just one song to each other. When you couple in a lot of the live variations to certain songs, you can get all sorts of results."
"I have seen the faces of reverse mentoring. They are different colors and shapes and sizes and they are all awesome."
"steps and sad"
"While I am sure this show has been on for a while, I am amazed that tonight was my first time watching it. This show is amazing in many different ways, not only are there some sensational designers but the prize they receive is absolutely brilliant. Every week each designer has a task in creating a new original look based of their own style. After they create these looks they have models show them on the runway and their item gets a bid."
"The false statistics of sexual abuse in the United States (and believe me, if you've seen a statistic on sexual violence in the American media, it's almost certainly false. This topic is so politicized as to be completely unreliable at this point) are ridiculously well publicized; but the actual genocidal horror (and yes, it is very much a part of the African and eastern European genocides, and for genocidal reasons) of sexual violence in Islam and particularly in Africa is basically unknown."
"Ok ladies if we will head back down stairs I have refreshments for every one!!! I do have a wonderful huge not quite a sunroom room that is at the back of our detached garage. I have such wonderful plans for this room and hope you will come back and visit when it and the other rooms get dressed finally!"
"Liquefied bodies intermingled with"
"14. Go-Go Train (Livin’ Blues) 4:58"
"1:00 a.m. GMT: Radio France International, which posted nothing at all about events in Bamako to its website on Monday, finally puts up an item saying the situation here is confused. No kidding."
"Howdy there! What's new, cabbages? It has been a few days since I've sat down at the computer. Much has occurred over the past little bit of time."
"Assessment of Conceptual Understanding"
"Last week I shared news about Take Part.org’s children’s story contest, in conjunction with the release of the movie, The Help. This week they have a new contest for short nonfiction. First prize winner gets a trip to New York to see a live performance of The MOTH Storytellers. Submit your 400-word interview with an inspiring person you know. Get all the details here. Deadline for entries is September 5."
"“Saving the world, one square foot at a time.”"
"PPS: It's Hopkins Street, not Hopkins Place. Ahem! :)"
"Some other neat applications of Google Earth in Kindergarten might be:"
"Acts 22:7-8"
"No duplicate comments. You may receive (2) total entries by selecting from the following entry methods: a) Leave a comment in response to the question above b) Tweet about this promotion and leave the URL to that tweet in a comment on this post c) Blog about this promotion and leave the URL to that post in a comment on this post d) For those with no Twitter or blog, read the official rules to learn about an alternate form of entry. This giveaway is open to US Residents age 18 or older. Winners will be selected via random draw, and will be notified by e-mail. You have 72 hours to get back to me, otherwise a new winner will be selected. The Official Rules are available here. This sweepstakes runs from 2/14/2012 -3/15/2012."
"The new Call of Duty: Black Ops released on November 9th to a staggering $360 million opening day total. And yes, believe it or not, many of those buying the game were female."
"This really did happen. It happened in Cherry Hill School District in New Jersey, to a little boy named Akian. You see, the reason we know these things happened is because his dad sent him to school with a wire. He was so desperate to get to the bottom of things, he had to resort to wiring his child to get answers. What he got was hours of recorded evidence of the teachers having inappropriate conversations and bullying his son."
"One would wonder if there are also \"long held concerns\" about the many smaller public hospitals and private hospitals that do not have medical personnel on site 24/7. Surely no-one imagines that all pregnant women should be herded into large baby-factory hospitals that process births like cars off a production line?"
"but of course there is the question of soil and light conditions"
"Hey everyone! I have an awesome announcement! Two days ago, February 12,2012, I have had this blog for exactly ONE YEAR! I am seriously amazed. I didn't think it would last this long, but before I knew it, blogging had become a hobby for me. I know I don't do it as much as I should, but it's just amazing. I thought I would write a blog post out on the things this blog has done for me."
"Day 168 – January 6, 2012"
"the sunrise I gave you."
"*Oh, yes, we know all about how the stork leaves the babies under cabbage leaves. (wink)"
"Rumors of Water is subtitled thoughts on creativity and writing, which in one way is a fair summary of what you will find in its pages, but in another sells it far, far short. When you open this book what you receive is an invitation to take a journey with L.L. as she home-schools her daughters, “struggling to show them that creativity is theirs for the taking.” (p. 15) In these pages we are given the precious gift of being invited learn with Sara and Sonia, of eavesdropping some of their conversations, of having a ringside seat at some important moments in their lives, of celebrating their triumphs and sharing their disappointments. All in all, this is a very intimate book."
"I'd love to hear your answers to these, so pop them in the comments section or if you decide to play along, let me know so I can have a look!"
"Article 146"
"Good Monday morning people! It was my turn to choose the challenge theme this week at Pollycraft Monday and I decided to go with a sketch! Before I show you the sketch though, I just wanted to say thanks for all the lovely entries into Anita's Cute Critters Challenge last week! There was a lot of super cuteness! We'll be back soon to announce the winners and top 3!"
"But beggars can’t be choosy. At least they pay on time. If you don’t like the price you’re gonna get then you have the option to decline the project. And I have been doing that for months now. Funny because they would even call me using agents who first tried to talk to me with American slang. As if I don’t know that they’re Filipinos like me. So I talk to them in my native tongue and has been consistently telling them I’m busy right now. Send me projects next week."
"We thank you for your prompt attention to this important matter, and we patiently await your decisions regarding the appointments."
"Think about that. Ebooks that have had the support of three major publishers have only sold 1/3 of what I've done myself through KDP."
"I really think I just need to clean my house, though."
"248And wake to all the griefs I left behind."
"I bought 8 bottles of cheap wine (they don't have any good tequila here) at Franprix and drank them all in one go, sitting in my apartment, in the dark."
"me and I walk in the victory and dominion of Christ today. I manifest success,"
"Russ: “No, again I just wrote it as it came to me – ‘I done it how it come’.”"
"A few weeks ago I wrote a post about George R.R. Martin’s A Game of Thrones. I had really enjoyed the HBO series and was pleased to find that the book was even better leaving me eager to pick up the next installment in the Song of Ice and Fire series. It took me longer than I would have liked, but I was finally able to read A Clash of Kings and it did not disappoint. This second book picks up right where the first left off with the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros fractured and stuck in a tug-of-war between five different self-proclaimed kings; of course by the end that number is diminished."
"But since we’re on our way down"
"The Pomson 6000"
"A clean kitchen"
"And then this morning, lo and behold!, they were gone! Poof!"
"KIRK FRANKLIN"
"I accept that my parents didn’t protect me. I trust that I can now be my own protector."
"The flight will"
"Here's a peek at the inside . . ."
"In any case, these people are coming down. We’ve got…"
"3. Grill the pork until slightly charred on both sides and cooked to medium-well, 4-5 min per side."
"MH: What caught me when I first saw Bitter Seeds was the beautiful, yet austere cover art by John Jude Palencar. Do you think his depiction of Gretal is accurate to what you envisioned? Did you have a hand at all in the cover's evolution?"
"DON’T let your customer get frustrated and upset by “thinking” that the process is taking too long!"
"In ‘salvation historical’ terms, the promise to Abraham has virtually been fulfilled, even down to descendants “as the sand on the seashore” (Gen 22:17)."
"“Yeah, ain’t nothing sets the proper mood like some good ol’ chicken-shack, chicken-shit, juke-joint slave music. Man, all that hard living you sing about, I’m surprised to see you’re still around.”"
"I'm still stoked that I don't have school. Or anything I have to read. Or study. Or use my brain for. Love it."
"and Your love is so true."
"“We have submitted a claim under (UNCLOS) sometime in late 2008. We got a reply from the UN lately (asking us) to answer some questions. They intend to pass a resolution sometime in mid-2012 to approve our claim (that it is) part of the Philippine continental shelf,” Environment Secretary Ramon Jesus Paje said, in a statement, after the Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) formally submitted its proposed P16.99-billion (US$40 million) budget for 2012 to the Senate finance committee."
"She wrote her first novel length story at the age of twelve and has written on and off subsequently, evolving her style and literary maturity. ‘Seven Point Eight’ began life as a short story in the early nineties and was later developed into a full five part series of books. Work on ‘The Second Chronicle’ has already begun."
"Here’s an example. Do you believe in Father Christmas? Most dull adults will say ‘no of course not’. Most of the people I hang around with will say, ‘yes’ because they’re a facetious bunch. But the more we think about it, the more that opinion is correct."
"The open air pool, which doesn't use much chlorine, is the main feature with charming changing rooms and showers and alongside is the glass fronted bar and restaurant. Being quite a prude, I was a little self conscious of showing off an eight month baby bump, in a much too tight swim suit, in front of people eating their lunch! But no one seemed to notice - even as I squealed with cold, it certainly didn't feel like the 24 degrees it was meant to be."
"I remember arriving in Heathrow, very excited to be in my first cold country. I told the immigration officer at the desk that I was there to visit my boyfriend and she became very hostile. “You’re not going to marry him while you’re here,” she said."
"Jason Matthew Coffey, 25, Newburgh, N.Y."
"Jean-Pierre was gone; nothing could bring him back, and her feelings for him, feelings that had risen suddenly, had been ebbing just as quickly as evidence of his involvement with illegal drugs had surfaced. If Jean really had been running drugs, she owed his memory nothing."
"All units are relatively economical and low on CO2, however, in part thanks to our idiosyncratic weather patterns. The diesel range opens with the bmw z4 2.0i but that did make us appreciate the few fair days all the bmw z4 3.0 a stabbed rat, whereas the bmw z4 2.0i a car parking space it's worth remembering that you're on your own..."
"If you're working in Howard County, you should add it to your lunch repertoire. If you're looking for a break, you should stop by on a weekend -- just a short run from your errand at Lowe's, Home Depot, Target, etc. If you're a food blogger, you shouldn't take Bon Fresco for granted. All my old posts are true, but I'm going to hunt for new favorites on the menu."
"I don’t really have much to say about this page, so here are some thoughts on a Jurassic Park video game instead."
"The Occupy Earth encampment at the corner of Milton and Hecate in downtown Nanaimo has doubled in size, and is much better provisioned, than when I first visited the camp a few days ago. These little green dudes really know how to mount an occupation!"
"You can make a salad bar fun -- now, that’s something -- and delicious. You can teach kids to cook something that tastes good and is good for them; and share your passion for food in a way that’s truly contagious."
"Here a leaf there a leaf everywhere a leaf leaf!!!"
"The paw dog – who measures more than 5ft tall on his hind legs – was having a good time trying to imitate his owner's pet kittens."
"Every scene is seen through a blue haze, if a character isn’t smoking at the start of the scene, they are by the end of it."
"I intended on working on these last year."
"But, I’m telling myself that it doesn’t matter that I couldn’t do everything this weekend. Maybe (probably!) on other weekends, it will matter. What makes this weekend special is the trip to the river, which is what most counted and what excuses everything else."
"‘It’s not who you are that holds you back, it’s who you think you’re not.’ Author Unknown. I received this quote the other day and it really started me thinking. For some reason the first thing to pop into my head was the quote from that movie The Help. “You is smart. You is kind. You is important.” Ironically, spoken by the black maid, Aibileen, to her young charge, Mae Mobley. Now I don’t mean Aibileen’s words themselves were ironic. It was the fact that a lower-income, oppressed maid in the sixties would tell this to the child of the privileged white family she worked for."
"This sequestering of Genesis from human origins gives us “NOMA” by other means. NOMA is a famous acronym coined by evolutionary theorist Stephen Jay Gould, who claimed that science and faith were “non-overlapping magisteria”—two different authorities with different jurisdictions or domains. Science, for Gould, dealt with facts; while religion dealt with values. As long as we kept that straight, then the two would never conflict because there would be no “overlapping” jurisdiction. The problem, of course, is that Christian faith does make factual, historical claims and is not just a nice collection of “moral teachings” (and science is also loaded with values). So Gould’s NOMA model has been roundly rejected."
"I am reminded, rather, of the power of fairy tales as pointed out by Bruno Bettelheim in The Uses of Enchantment. So many times, a weak character triumphs over a powerful foe by using his wits, e.g., in \"Hansel and Gretel,\" a story of truly ghastly peril. The lesson young readers should take away from these tales is that they can solve some pretty tough problems by using their heads. Also, that they'd better not get too full of themselves, because even the most clever tricksters tend to get their comeuppance. Better still, children might just observe that a trickster's talents can be used for good, carrying out such minor projects as stealing the sun for humankind."
"frenzied, at its broken spine, the mindless taxi never slowing, never noticing or caring,"
"After her drastic weight loss for Black Swan, Mila notes that her body “has never been the same. My shape is different. When I got down to 95 pounds, I was muscles, like a little brick house, but skin and bones. When I gained it back, it went to completely different areas.” Like the rear? “No, I’d be happy if my ass got bigger. All the weight that left my chest went to my side hip, my stomach.”"
"bush, former us vice president richard cheney, former defence secretary donald rumsfeld, former deputy assistant attorney general john choon yoo, former assistant attorney general jay bybee, and former counsels alberto gonzales, david addington and william haynes 2 were convicted as war criminals on Friday."
"and erasing it with a chalkboard eraser."
"I just checked my statistics for this blog. It turns out that people from other countries than Denmark actually comes by!"
"As you can see, this isn’t quite a logo as it is a bit rough! I was really busy today with assignments and studying for my final test of world religions! I didn’t quite want to leave this empty, so viola! My rough sketch. Since this is the title, I will go over how I have arrived at this name."
"Why do we want to remain where we started"
"Pulling off a temporary brake fix proved to be just enough for Jeff Westphal to get the GST Motorsports “L” “New Dark Knight” down to a 1:46.631, fast enough for a class win and overall fastest time of the event. Many thanks goes out to Tony Szirka from UMS Tuning for whispering brake solutions into Mike Warfield’s ear over Saturday night’s dinner. Time very well spent."
"Capitalism didn’t give us this crisis of confidence now existing in the corporate world. The lack of free markets and sound money did. Congress does have a role to play, but it’s not proactive. Congress’ job is to get out of the way."
"Who would you compare us to?"
"Today was my third transition day, third day with a “real food” meal. Tonight I had halibut and asparagus. And realized how simple my life was on product! With the Optifast products, they are mostly ready to eat. Since I used the ready-to-drink shake, I just needed ice (others drank them right from the box). Bars, simple. Soup, just needed hot water. Easy to consume every three hours."
"Fundraising programs offer up a great opportunity for the public to show their support for all different types of causes. This Saturday, April 21, 2012, another fundraising event will be held in Oklahoma City. The YMCA of Oklahoma City will be organizing a marathon to help victims of sexual assault in the community."
"We got Wombat Girl a couple of guinea pigs for her 5th birthday (when I say \"we\" it was us and my brother and his partner - you know, the royal 'we')."
"Elves - The hidden World"
"Weightier Things"
"Estella's Revenge has been through some distinct phases. Including a name change. While the address was always Estella's Revenge, the original blog title was Tripping Toward Lucidity. As I was working my way through my Masters degree I felt as if I was just stumbling along trying to accomplish whatever was right for me. I was saucy then, bordering on angry, and just finding myself in the world."
"Some justice at last in Britain: Father who killed burglar with meat cleaver to end 'harrowing and brutal' attack was 'justified', coroner rules"
"They don’t wait that long to make you work though – I had a spouse come to me with issues and I was sore tempted to pass her on to someone more experience. “Don’t you dare,” He said."
"18 Ilous & Decuyper - Berceuse"
"I read this article this morning with mixed feelings. I must admit I was shocked to hear that the Ghana government, in a country where the majority of the population live below the poverty line, and which collects millions in aid from around the world for the very basics, would spend what some speculate is over USD$5m on soccer fans!!!"
"Barbados National Trust President Dr. Karl Watson seeks government promise to comfort him."
"In essence we all come from the first man."
"It has been a while since I made the last post guys...It's good to get a chance to spend some time blogging again:)) I feel very happy now!!!!!!!"
"‘Back in 2008, his campaign reimbursed the then-27-year-old candidate close to $50,000′."
"New Zealand for me was a perpetual exiting attack on the senses. The landscape is epic. I would meet new people all the time who just happened to be from the other side of the globe and who happened to have a wonderful, youthful, calm form of carpe diem. That’s the word. Youthful. Not so much “young” but New Zealand made me feel alive, like a kind yet dangerous 20 year old."
"* Celebrated New Year's at the cabin"
"This week we were finishing up our discussion on insects. We read a story called Insects."
"More Norah Jones on this Blog"
"Place the formed wire clasp on the steel block and hit the clasp with the rawhide mallet to harden the metal and prevent the clasp from becoming misshapen."
"As a student in England, Mehran comes to realize that, although English is his first language, it an English that drinks at the fountain of another tradition: \"the rolling cadences of Keats and Tennyson had always been a music as distant from my ear as the assonances of Mir and Ghalib or Faiz were close.\" His literary explorations take him out not just towards the great Urdu literary tradition of the subcontinent, but also the less-known one of Sindh handed down to him by his mother: \"What I really wanted was to understand the work of Shah Abdul Latif, Sachal Sarmast and Khwaja Ghulam Farid, the great poets of the Indus Valley who used those age-old tales of blighted loves my mother had told us to map the experiences of the soul's longing for its origins.\" The voices and veneration of poets are something that he also shares in his relationship with Marvi, whose Urdu is as good as his and whose Sindhi is better; they arrive at an understanding of their condition through art's infinite power to permeate and clarify human realities:"
"But I never stopped thinking about Robert Smalls or the project and decided that someday I wanted to write his story as a novel. Early in 2010, I started renewing my research, and Tracy and I even took a quick trip to Charleston and Beaufort, South Carolina, where most of the novel takes place."
"“A powerful and dangerous late-spring storm system will develop across the central and southern Plains today as an upper level system and a parade of supporting upper level disturbances advance out of the Intermountain West. The result will be strengthening low pressure over Kansas by this afternoon and evening that will then move slowly but steadily eastward toward Missouri by later Wednesday. The storm system will be accompanied by a classic dryline signature across the southern Plains with a strong frontal zone that will stretch across the Midwest and well to the East into the Northeast.” National Weather Service (NWS) reported."
"It sounds too good to be true? Well, the downside is the taste. It is downright sickly sweet. It reminds me of saccharin. It is very tricky to find not only the right product, but the right ratio of stevia to replace sugar in your favorite recipes."
"So, in my inbox today, I got an email that was a collection of all the baby and child recalls this year. At first I thought it was a joke since there were literally millions of recalls. Apparently absolutely everything you’ve ever bought is dangerous, including sweatshirts (your kid might hang himself on the drawstring), foam board books (he might chew on them), and plastic fork and spoon sets (if your 6-year-old is using them, he could bite off a prong or two). Just about anything might cause your child to lose a finger, fall down, or choke. And if they do, you should sue the manufacturer for millions of dollars, because every accident is actually someone’s fault."
"It all seemed great. Here are my thoughts, read it, and decide for yourself."
"Compact Disc"
"Great blog Chloe. Love,"
"I spent a long time on this, even though it's very simple. Mostly because I was playing around with this feature or that feature so I was moving things around a lot. This is \"all me\" in that I didn't use a premade sketch or drag-n-drop template. I just placed things and moved things around, changed the colors and the papers several times, added embellishments and deleted them. Wished for a \"splatter\" but couldn't find one in the items I downloaded (although I'm sure there was one out there somewhere). I settled on the swirly doodle. The best part of the layout? It was a wonderful Inside Out moment for me and working through my residual depression over losing Hunter last March."
"swallowing the Norwegian wind"
"Individuals with specific interest on lavish and custom houses can begin their hunt for luxury homes for sale in Ormond Beach. These lavish houses provide the grandest beachfront views that one can enjoy waking up every morning. In addition, the houses itself are grand and classy so it live up to all sorts of specifications in mind."
"“Hell is larger today than it was yesterday, because many of us have failed to pray.”–David Smithers"
"Since this is a short story it's all about her not giving up and him trying to break her. But the second half is different, it is a romance after all so it will all end happily."
"Emma: Giffy, why can't I marry Papa?"
"The article in question was written by TOC editor Ng Ee-Jay and titled “Vikram Nair compares Chen Show Mao’s proposals to a Nigerian scam.”"
"A good life, like a good story, is in the moments."
"As we know, I recently ended an almost 3 year relationship. I relate to this song because it acknowledges how much it hurts, but that ultimately I will smile and be happy again because I deserve to."
"The Flaming Lips: At War with the Mystics - an older one, but I finally started to \"get\" older Flaming Lips this year. And the first two tracks are something else."
"I watched Live-Aid and documentaries about it and Band-Aid. I avidly followed Bono and Bob Geldof’s wranglings with world-leaders and read about my fellow U2 fan friends in America promoting the One Campaign. I watched Product RED get launched and observed how this initiative attempted to make activism sexy, by working with the consumer brands to donate money back to the Global Health Fund."
"This is a reminder that our Sept club meeting will be Tue Sep 8 at The Coney, starting at 8pm. The topic for this month will be 'evaluating beer'. Many of us really enjoy our homebrew and other beer on a level that others don't quite get. But what does it take to judge a beer? How good are we at picking up subtle notes of ingredients and off flavors? If we smell or taste something - can we describe it accurately? At this meeting, let's talk about the process of evaluating beer - from appearance to aroma to taste. We can also discuss how beer judges score a beer within style guidelines, and perhaps we can think about some of our members submitting some beers to upcoming contests!"
"The Phantom"
"I pour out the earth of my mind filled with stones"
"There is no need to explain what an I-600A is or a I-171H, or define \"dossier\" or \"USCIS.\" They ALL knew! We could just talk freely about the processes we were going through... some in the waiting phase, some in learning how to attach to their newly welcomed child. There were women there adopting from all over... Ethiopia, The DRC, China, Korea, Uganda, Ukraine, Russia, Colombia, and many from even the USA. Between the 400+ of us, we represented homes for around 1,100 children! That is amazing!"
"Hi guys! Long time no see! Yes, I've been lazy. And, I've glorified in every indulgent moment! But, I miss blogging and sharing in the worlds of others. It's validating and reminds me that we don't have to be rich or give up on what we believe in. We just have to try."
"Denver Chop House & Brewery Dark Munich Lager"
"For my card I focused on the fact there are lots of different kinds of love in the world - love of family, friends, chocolate (LOL), and love of Mo's gorgeous images. This is Sophie and she was one of the first images I ever bought from Mo and holds a special place in my heart. Her innocent love for her 'baby doll' reminds me of my childhood, and my daughter's childhood. I found this fabulous poem on the net - it was just what I was looking for to add to my card."
"I casually got on one night and browsed for Honda Odyssey vans and look what was there!"
"7. Philip squared – Jonny Lang – “Still Rainin’”"
"You’re there to support them when they make decisions they regret, without saying “I told you so”"
"Well, I guess you guys can use it too. As long as you put it back when you’re done. And don’t go losing my instructions, either!"
"distant mountains."
"My father dead in the closet, wearing his blue pajama bottoms and surgical scrubs top from his days as a medic in the army, hands and feet bound together by duct tape, an extension cord noosed around his neck and tied to the clothing rod. His glasses were on but severely cockeyed and his face was blue. His bare feet dangled only a few inches from the floor, and just out of reach is a footstool, kicked away after long moments of mental preparation. Nearby, scribbled into the pages of his sketchbook, was his suicide note. It didn’t offer much in the way of explanation, only said, “I’m sorry,” and gave directions on how to disperse of both his body and his belongings."
"Psalm 91 The Message"
"I am a food whore."
"Call me crazy, but I figured writing for the Herbert Hoover High Homepage would be a pretty sweet gig. Pad the resume for college applications, get a first look at the gossip column, spend some time ogling the paper’s brooding bad-boy editor, Chase Erikson. But on my first big story, things went... a little south. What should have been a normal interview with Sydney Sanders turned into me discovering the Homecoming Queen-hopeful dead in her pool. Electrocuted while Tweeting. Now, in addition to developing a reputation as HHH’s resident body finder, I’m stuck trying to prove that Sydney’s death wasn’t suicide."
"When you become a parent, there are guidelines and rules everywhere. Websites, books, and pediatricians all make a ton of money by telling parents exactly what to do, and when and how to do it. They tell us what weight our child should be, or they tell us to ignore those types of measurements. They tell us which store-bought diapers to use, or why cloth diapers are better. They extol the virtues of breast feeding, and tell us which formulas are best. You name a parenting topic: education, discipline, nutrition, activities, TV, whatever - there are hundreds if not thousands of people out there who are more than willing to tell you which way is the \"best\" and why. I guess you could say the same thing about me as well, although paradoxically I don't view myself that way. We are virtually overflowing with advice for parents from all angles."
"Here he is meeting Mr. Timothy O'Hare, who I made several years ago (there is a link on my sidebar to take you to a tutorial if you want to make one too--Easter is coming!) and who has also seen better days. Yes, I let my children and grandchildren play with the toys I make. I think Jasper took a liking to him...LOL!"
"Holy crap, I am late as hell posting this. It isn't the first time I got messed up with the Monday holiday. Though strangely, I posted yesterday. Super. I can't figure myself out."
"Arms: STIGMATA-RIDDLED"
"George Watkins Holden continued to operate his photographic business out of the family home at 55 Tudor Street, Cardiff from 1907 until his death in 1921, aged 75, probably the longest settled period of his very busy life. He had five children, at least two of them illegitimate, by three different women, and lived for a time with a fourth. All of his partners were a good deal younger than him. They say that apples don't fall far from the tree."
"-Have you ever been able to feel like a wretched man for things you’ve done?"
"Annual Assessment"
"RULE NO.: RULE TITLE:"
"Horkheimer, Max, and Theodor W. Adorno. Dialectic of Enlightenment. New York: Herder and Herder, 1972."
"First things first, the kids' best bud Scooter (the neighbor's dog), needed a bath. Rolling around in dead mice stinks!"
"The enemy awaits them,"
"Last week, I overheard Seth playing on XBox Live - he was telling his friends that we had Oreo cake, that he loved it, and that his mom made it all the time. All of which are wishes on his part - I never even knew such a thing as Oreo cake existed. I didn't tell Seth I overheard him or ask him about it; he has always been a champion story teller. This past weekend, I came up with a recipe for Oreo cake that I'll try later in the week - white cake with crushed Trader Joe's Jo-Jo pieces mixed in, or deep chocolate cake (I haven't decided) and creamy Jo-Jo-flecked frosting. I want to surprise him with it, and I love that he doesn't know I overheard him. There it will be: an Oreo cake! (the no-high-fructose-corn-syrup version)"
"Abby waved her hand in front of Sam's face. \"Yoo-hoo. Anybody home?\""
"The enormous hydroelectric turbine dragged at huge cost by British troops through Taliban heartlands last year, said the paper, may never be installed because NATO has been unable to secure a 30-mile stretch of road leading to an isolated dam in northern Helmand."
"Crystal Jade Korean BBQ"
"Ah, Microsoft…"
"slept seven to a cell"
"The League of Women Voters is strictly nonpartisan and proudly political, working through 900 state and local Leagues to advocate policy and make democracy work for all citizens. What a refreshing concept!!"
"This is how it works. This is how not to fail. This is how the plan succeeds in reaching and staying at the goal."
"Hours had passed and the sun dipped down into the horizon. Overhead the canopy caused the jungle to be thrown into darkness sooner than the explorer had anticipated. He had lost count of the times he had to stop and search for the bird’s next perch. William caught up with the bird and watched it fly west into the black jungle. When would he get there? Had he been following this animal for no reason? The questions ran through his mind as he fought against snagging branches and tripping roots."
"To create the strings of hearts, I threaded silver thread through each heart and secured each with a small knot on the back."
"OVERALL: A+"
"I haven’t taken any photos of Bradley, Leah and Charlie for a few days and Leah wanted me to take some photos of her to put in the front of her new secret diary, so I took more shots of her and the other two for today’s blog. I also just randomly took some photos of the stuff that was lying around that they’d been playing with. The table was a mess from Leah’s crafting, so there was plenty of things there and the boys were busy playing with the mini stunt-bike and skateboard."
"With alacrity he pulled up his ragged shirt sleeves and bore his dirty hands before Guus. “My name is Offenil. That is my true name, but it holds no power now. It is merely a title. A grouping of sounds. Scrap metal. That is why I can give this to you. It will no longer work from me.”"
"Our union, the NUJ, in particular has taken note and provided excellent support because they see us as the frontline in a battle not just for papers in north London but the newspaper industry as a whole."
"I would love to see what the original outift looked like."
"The sound of the bells and the breeze on my face was soothing. But then i became uneasy. I felt a presence in my room. I knew someone was in my room. I tried to open my eyes, but i couldnt. I was still paralysed in my body, but i began to panic. I tried to open my mouth to shout, but nothing came out."
"Chris Matthews, Ace reporter:"
"Rule 71: A recognised football body, club, official, Team Official, other member of Team Staff, player or other person under the jurisdiction of the Scottish FA shall, at all times, act in the best interests of Association Football and shall not act in any manner which is improper."
"It is my idea of weekend bliss!"
"E and I were having a discussion. He said something he believed to be true about me. I felt defensive and I told him there was no point in arguing with him. He had obviously made up his mind about what to believe. He said that that actually proved his point about what he thought to be true. But he wouldn't let it go. He told me to make him understand. Close to tears I tried again. He listened with an open mind. He told me that he must have drawn the wrong conclusion and then he told me in essence:"
"I love the Milwaukee River. I want to see this river come back to life, year after year regaining health. I want to see no more poison seeping into the river, no more dams suffocating it, no more destruction of any kind. I want to see all of that destruction reversed and those who would commit abuse stopped and held accountable for their crimes against life."
"The only suggestion I received was to add more cheese, which I definitely can respect because let's face it, cheese is too good."
"3.Dissolve jaggery in water.Add milk to it."
"When the trail opened up again, my turkey tracks faded out – not sure if it was because they moved off the path, or because the grass growing on it obscured indentations. I continued on, mostly because I love that area and enjoyed being far enough back off the road that I knew I wouldn’t encounter any other people. I thought I might walk all the way down to the river, as I’d never quite gotten there from this direction before. I scared up a couple small groups of white-tailed deer along the way, although they all stared at me for a long time before running away, as though they hadn’t seen people since last fall. I veered off the trail to poke my head into a little wetland area, checking for interesting plants since I had given up on the turkey. As I came back out onto the trail, I heard a rustle behind some bushes that didn’t seem like a deer, and my hopes rose that I might have found a turkey after all. Instead, as I rounded the corner, a round and furry head appeared, tawny yellow and gray and white mixed together, and I found myself face-to-face with a wolf, not 20 yards away. It was as surprised as I was, and bounded back a few paces before stopping to look at me again. I backed up quickly and steadily, keeping my eyes on the bushes that it had come from, and it ran downhill a little farther, also keeping its eyes warily on me, before running across the trail into the brush and towards that little wet area I had come from. A moment later, a second wolf came out of the bush and ran across the road, too. I didn’t see another sign of them, although as I walked back the way I came, I did hear one more quiet commotion in that direction."
"As we talked in classes, the Object Oriented Programming paradigm is a solution for the existent problems in Structured Programming. David Parnas was one of the guys who talked a lot about the necessity of a new approach to solve the problems."
"I am a die-hard cat-lover. We share our home with a few, but I am incapable of ignoring an animal in pain. I do not plan on changing this about myself."
"Right now I’m watching TV/Youtube and eating some"
"Superintendent, United States Military Academy (‘96-‘01)"
"It's a much different routine. But it is also one that is expected every year around this time. One that I have a love/hate relationship with. I love being a part of the business, but it gets harder every year."
"Split French rolls, and spread with butter. Bake 10 minutes, or until heated through."
"Time not spent, but saved"
"Kacie is a natural connector, and for the past three years, she’s been meeting new people and deepening relationships through service. Her regular commitment to Game Night, which takes place at Bordeaux Hospital, and Bingo Party at J.B. Knowles has become part of who she is, and she’s loved every moment."
"Lastly, there’s a Twitter account for the Podcast now @whatsapodcast, so that if you have any ideas you want talked about or general criticism to give me and CB, there’s an easily focused target for your outrage. Or if you want to show some love, it’s a good place to do so as well."
"Did you know that the shoulder is the most movable joint in your body? However, it is also one of the most unstable joints because of the range of motion it allows. Your shoulder is subject to injury because the ball (which is the top rounded part of your Humerus bone) is larger than your shoulder socket (the dish-shaped part of the outer edge of the Scapula, which is your shoulder blade) that holds it. Your shoulder remains stable as it is anchored by muscles, tendons and ligaments."
"Valid points and well made. It's frightening, for sure. I work in higher education and we are feeling times get harder (and jobs less certain) all the time. Burying our heads in the sand isn't going to make it go away."
"Infuse you with the warmth of a bubbled bath"
"Truth be told, I experimented with another poncho style, for an adult, in a lovely aran wool blend in a graphite hue - a significantly more sane colour scheme. ;)"
"You can’t do it on your own, your nature is cursed"
"Photos/Video to follow."
"*Bullous Ichthyosiform Erythroderma, in case you're wondering. (And no, she won't grow out of it. That's often the next question!)"
"And if you’re truly stuck, use my tried and true Jump Start the Plot Trick: “And when I answered the door… there were zombies!”"
"I am beginning to see Berlusconi in a toga, Italy burning to a crisp behind him."
"The domestic flight carrying more than 50 passengers and five crew had left Karachi on its way to the eastern city of Bahawalpur, a spokesman for the national flag-carrier said."
"Battleships or fakes. Shoot, they're shooting at one another with gold and red and smoke and the gold moon hangs low over a cityscape and WHAT are these flying flames?? Bird Kites!!! Glow gold red and stream green flying flaming over crowds and water. Phoenix. Phoenixes? Pheoni? The gold moon climbs higher slightly and stays large. A globe. Lazers? Do you see those lazers in the smoke? On the building! Oh! Light show!"
"“Special suction magic brings their flesh to my mouth in the blink of an eye,” explained Swain."
"I think it might be this kind of day..."
"The GIWU consists of both hardware and software that provides an interface to various networks for data communications. Through the GSM interworking unit (GIWU), users can alternate between speech and data during the same call."
"Yes, I know. New Scary Picture of self, but was rather fed up with the Summer Scene and gently wafting flowers in old picture, when am back in my furry boots and thermals, while thinking seriously about whether to get out the Furry Hat."
"So let’s get it straight to judging! First of all, we see a gorgeous shoot from Maxine who looks simply on fire here! Her photos really caughts the red siren as the beaming woman of greatness looks so epic in that black dress of hers! Speaking of that dress, I need to get my hands on that! BEAUTIFUL! Next we have former Divas Champion Beth Phoenix who really looks petite and straight up gorgeous in her photoshoot! Although, Beth has a rough week ahead of her, this beauty looks so GLAMA-FIED, that it causes her fans to love and adore her even more! Impressive! Rosa Mendes or shall I say RRRROSA (emphasis on the Rosa) looks undeniably sexy and stunning here! This hot latina may have had a stressful week with a tag team title change but her bad boys won’t get her leaving upset… my lovely Rosa simply looks FLAW-LESS! And that dress of hers… I want and I shall get! Finally, it’s the adorable Bella Twins who have left WWE recently! The beautiful twins looks really gorgeous in their new Diva title shoot as Nikki hoists the butterfly high to show her love and passion for that title! It did take years of hard work to get that prestige and finally, she got it! The Bellas continue to make me feel happy with their win and their shoot! They look truly beautiful! Shame they went, I miss them already! *Sobs* xD"
"Some of my favourite excerpts:"
"Well, I guess I should go"
"Full Details of the posts are at:"
"“As banal as it may seem, when I heard the news I immediately though of Sir Elton John singing at Princess Diana’s funeral, singing about Marilyn Monroe, to whom Smith was compared. And I thought of the point of the song, which was that candles that burn brightest burn quickest. And then I thought of breasts. Which made me hungry. And then I thought, ‘Weird, I’m thinking about breasts and Princess Di.’ And I made a sandwich, but I didn’t have chicken breast so I went with ham. And then I realized that my Joyce dissertation was becoming a distraction.”"
"She expressed both her pride and pain over the 40-year-old crisis center. It has been an invaluable resource in the Tampa community, but Ho-Pehling, like many others, wishes the need wasn’t there. She talked about the many focal points of the Crisis Center:"
"- green pepper"
"And the dear friends of mine who (like my mom for ten years before adopting me) are facing infertility. I am highly uneducated in the right and wrongs things to say regarding this issue, so my words will be few. They may hurt this weekend. I know hurt and most of us do–from one source of pain or another. I am aware of their hurt."
"Head coach John Fox and John Elway made it clear that “The Tebow Experiment” was a week-to-week decision."
"Baba Kamma 37b. Gentiles are outside the protection of the law and God has \"exposed their money to Israel.\""
"Yet most analysts say that neither Ethiopia nor Egypt wants to go to war over water. “Water wars are not inevitable,” said Dr Gleick. “I’m optimistic that the Nile Basin countries are still negotiating, despite the rhetoric.”"
"“Things change over the years. Lots of them are unaware of their entitlements especially Vietnam veterans, Korean veterans,” Samuels said."
"07-Flee-Rekkers - Isle Of Capri"
"Right now, I go all of Monday without seeing Tommy. And he is still asleep when I leave for work on Tuesday mornings. It's hard on my mommy heart and I often wonder what messages he is getting from my being gone. Because the reason I am gone all day and all night on Mondays is to be a part of a ministry I feel passionate about and called to and that's at the expense of missing out on him for an entire day. Kids interpret things in their own way and I often wonder what he think about this in his young, formative mind."
"What's up on South First Street? Activity. Tons of activity. One of my favorite chef teams recently opened their own French-inspired restaurant that is turning heads left and right. Todd Duplechan (formerly of Trio at the Four Seasons) and Jessica Maher (formerly of Dishalicious and Dai Due) brought upscale dining with warm ambience to my neck of the woods. Todd is truly a master of execution. He can take any run of the mill recipe and execute it so well that it makes you wonder what kind of magic he's doing in the back. Add that to Jessica's expert ways with butter, flour, and sugar; and life is good in the 78704. The restaurant is called Lenoir, pronounced like Len- waaaaaaaaa. Follow them on Twitter @Lenoir_Austin."
"The easiest analogy is Chronic Pain. We have all experienced aches and pains, but usually the body heals and eventually the pain goes away – or we have an operation, which removes or remedies the cause. But for people who have Chronic pain, it never goes away – it is always present."
"I have two classes-Research & Behavior Theory. I am doing ok in both, but better in the Theory class. I have missed the Research class so many times, and attendance doesn't count towards our grade. I am having a harder time grasping this class and add not going to class for being ill or whatever is not helping. I know this, I really do..and I have a project due that I am supposed to do with a group, some of my friends. I am letting them down as well as myself.I may end up doing a project and presentation by myself, I wouldn't blame them. I don't know if I can do a project on a subject I don't really understand...but I have to try. I don't want to get by I want to do my best...to be proud of myself and for my kids to be proud. I have to finish and do well enough to continue...it is all I really have. Why am I sabotaging myself?I feel like I cannot move, like I am even afraid to try. Procrastination is an understatement! I need to get up tomorrow and overcome whatever is holding me back...do my homework, face up to my group and figure out what I am doing for this project for April 19th. I need to be stubborn and do whatever it takes to get the work done for both classes. Ok...that is my confession for today...hopefully I can move forward and look back at this and know I fixed it!I know my depression is kicking in and physically I have had some stomach issues again as well as headaches. It is all tied to everything....I can't let this be the end of my dream."
"Atkinson is also alleged to have sent nude pictures of herself to the boy from her cell phone."
"-Every morning you wait at the door to wave goodbye to the school bus that has none of your own children on it and wait at the same door that afternoon for that same school bus to come back so you can wave hi to all the kids as they get off"
"“You are so terribly easy, my dear,” Nathaniel said, shaking his head. “I assure you that I was only joking. Just how is it that Michael would ever dare leave you alone?”"
"08 Sugar, Sugar (Barry, Kim) 5:15"
"O LORD, open my eyes so I may see."
"Artists"
"I absolutely loved J2150, but I do have some tips for those of you first starting out in the course:"
"Spartan power-rock. One tap of the cowbell (rock percussion’s most effective weapon) and TS McPhee’s greatest distillation of Heavy Blues is off and running with dynamics galore. Feverish."
"Just what it was the poet poed?"
"Mia takes an unusual route. She winds up accepting a job in the university’s entomology department…breeding flies."
"Good morning ladies and gentlemen,"
"I came across these today while sorting through the library and I realised I have never shared them. They are from a second shoot I did for the My Little Jedi Magazine Launch Issue last year (the one used in the magazine can be found here). Hope you like them - sweet and simple and would be perfect for a little bridal shower."
"Monday was Sant Jordi and Book Day here in the Catalunya region of Spain. This is kind of like the Spanish version of Valentine’s Day (which they don’t do here). All the men give women a red rose. It is a bit cheaper here than in North America, because the men get away with only giving 1 red rose, not a dozen. And women give their man a book. Why, you may ask?"
"I'm devoting the entire day tomorrow to the craft room and getting caught up on some much needed cards to share and some DT cards. The beautiful weather, me thinks, has given me Spring Fever and I have just been outside puttering around the yard and working on the patio along with some much needed cleaning."
"After reading these news reports, I quickly understood that Brooks had not acted alone. In fact, it was a narrow-minded society that provided ammunition for this crime. It was only the gay community that stood strong and honestly told the truth about these murders. They loudly proclaimed that this double homicide was not a neighborhood feud but a hate crime. As a continued tribute to the gay community, I am honored at Marianne K. Martin’s request to write the forward of her latest novel, The Indelible Heart. This novel extends some of the plot threads related to my mother and Christine that appeared in Martin’s first novel Love in Balance and succeeds in giving a personal face to the events surrounding the murders. Though it is a work of fiction, the narrative highlights how in fact, the gay community rallied together to fight homophobia and violence in response to this shocking crime. I encourage people to read this profoundly moving novel and realize that it is our duty as members of society to stand together and continue a united struggle against intolerance and violence."
"Having won the presidential and parliamentary elections on March 29, Zimbabwe’s MDC should not have to submit to talks about talks on the country’s future."
"God Bless the USA, and all who honestly call it home--johnnyb"
"her in her wedding dress and without it. Then the first time we met in the"
"We enjoyed a trio of puddings – a chocolate mousse in a tuile basket, a citrus pannacotta in a shot glass, and my personal favourite, a mini tiramisu, served in an espresso cup, which was beautifully light and fluffy (not heavy or cheesy as some tiramisus can be) and had the added bonus of an almondy flavour to the liqueur that was used."
"Cover is $10 / $7 for members and Craft Brewer’s Conference attendees (with badge); 21+ only"
"Of sun light"
"down on his neck"
"Especially if I strung it out over several years."
"They will probably just say, \"Those people were noisy when they yelled at their kids!\""
"We are not all part of a contrived socio-political reservation stemmed from transgenderist ideology."
"4. Cap off your post with a compelling headline. I think all of my headlines are compelling, especially this one"
"Ribbon is Do Crafts and was purchased from Craftaholic Supplies."
"Enjoy in good health, and see if you agree that this is possibly our strangest playlist to date."
"“He’s having-” The woman giggled even more, Addison recognizing the flirty tone and getting very jealous. “-dinner right now.”"
"1 cup sharp cheddar cheese, shredded"
"Derek Clark came to prominence not just because of his boasts of fraud but many will remeber his despicable behaviour and cowardice when he tried to oust one of UKIP's most loyal supporters in the East Midlands - Peter Baker."
"relatively lowly skilled workers are gathered in larger numbers to use increasingly complex technology to produce large quantities of manufactured products, is starting to make a mark in various areas of production. One of the most successful early entrepreneurs to make his name and fortune in this manner, is the pottery manufacturer, Josiah Wedgewood (the grandfather of Charles Darwin),"
"Late Stage Products 12"
"Expensive cars at that: Bugattis,"
"Back in December, I'd gone grocery shopping one Saturday morning, and while at the store, picked up a few stocking stuffers for Christmas. When I got home, I hurried to my closet to squirrel away said stocking stuffers, away from the eyes of husbands and children, then I headed to the kitchen to unload the rest of my purchases."
"\"I actually had to refund orders because my supplies were depleted.\""
"you will desire to control your husband,"
"Red Faction Armageddon might be worth a play through if you’re really interested in the fiction but for most people I’d say there are better games in the genre to play."
"Any video requests? Leave them in the comments of this post!"
"Last week we had Karl Singporewala in AUCB to speak to the students of Interior Architecture & Design, along with Architecture, about his work both in the office and out. Karl spoke about his work on the design team for a new research centre for Neural Circuits and Behaviour at the University College London (large scale project) and then spoke of a (small scale project) sculptural project for a client’s private garden where he designed and built a modern sundial. Karl also shared his personal work with us, speaking of his entries to the Royal Academy of Arts Summer Exhibition, and gave the students a first look at this year’s entry. After the talk, Karl joined us back in the studio to assist on the crit panel for the first year’s final presentation."
"*I chose to marry a United States Airman"
"Notes: I halved the recipe and got 4 mugs of pudding"
"\"I told you I'd be back to fuck that sweet ass.\" Jacob's words were muffled as he continued his assault on her breasts. Jason's kiss turned passionate and helpless to resist; she retaliated by wrapping her tongue round his. He groaned, and his cock nudged her naked thigh. He broke the kiss, sliding his full lips across her jaw to her ears."
"The establishment faction of Maoist announced the Ex-PLA association immediately after the formation of ‘People’s Volunteer Bureau,’ comprised of ex-combatants, close to Vice Chairman Mohan Baidya’s fraction."
"I apologize it's taken me a few days to finish this series. I took a break from blogging this weekend to start packing (eek!), finish reading a great book, stroll around the Farmer's Market, cook some great meals, wash and put away 9 loads of laundry and spend time with J and friends. Anyway, here is the end of our anniversary trip (read part one and part two here) and a DIY project I completed with some mementos from our trip!"
"“You know he is. Or have you given up your journalistic aspirations?” He shoved papers into the files. “Have you graduated from theft to murder, now?”"
"But, what impressed me the most was the way that each of these art objects told a story without words and using the humblest of materials. Yes, I know a picture is worth a thousand words and all that stuff, but when is a word worth a thousand pictures? When is it impossible for a story to be told in any medium but words?"
"Just to trace my fingertips in your hand."
"Someday the opportunity to take a leap will present itself. Which brings me to one more favorite saying, an old Native American proverb:"
"I love visiting my friend, Jan, at The Bittersweet Cabin (please stop by her facebook page and “like” it – I told her I’d invite all my friends!!!). We always have so much fun catching each other up on junk and laughing, and sharing ideas. I also met a good friend of hers, and was asked to make some things for her daughter’s wedding – I’m so excited!!"
"Put lots of ice into a tall glass (a Collins glass, if we're getting technical), pour in the lime juice, pour over the gin, throw in the squeezed out lime half and top up with soda water."
"Could it be that Jesus did go to this woman’s home or region? Could it be that her faith prompted his trip and the resulting three day teaching? This miracle doesn’t appear to be the teaching opportunity for the disciples that the feeding of the five thousand was. Here Jesus is prompted to feed these people out of sheer compassion, concern that if he sent them home they faint along the way. In the first miracle the remnants that the disciples collected were described as small pieces, or crumbs, while here the leftovers are much larger pieces and they filled large baskets not the beggers baskets Mark describes in the sixth chapter."
"As you can see our new puppy Talin has grown as is now bigger than Willow, but that does not stop her from doing anything. We are blessed to have such lovely dogs who love being out and about whatever the weather."
"John Rudge is off scouting at Euro 2008 and already Jan Koller of the Czech Republic is one rumoured target he is watching."
"Final verdict 3/5"
"“The touch of her hands"
"deposit, we are calling for a phone blockade of his current workplace -"
"In my last post I mentioned the embroidered picture I had entitled 'A list of reasons to run for the hills' and the lovely Mel said she was curious as to what was on the list so there you have it."
"\"I felt peace this time\""
"A TV mounted on a wall is bringing class to the world of TV viewing and flat-panel television viewing has reached new heights with tilting and panning LCD wall mounted systems. Full platform units provides maximum viewing flexibility and for optimal viewing, please lower your browser’s text size setting."
"Baking: 1 hour"
"Miles P. was a lover of theater who staged elaborate productions of Hamlet and other works by Shakespeare. He was dedicated to education, opening the first school in the colony where one of his wives taught under willow trees."
"A light house can also be defined as a distinctive structure built on or near a shore which exhibits a light of distinctive characteristic to serve as an aid to navigation."
"For me, children are people."
"the Troll beneath called out."
"“Oh, that’s because most men who go to Heaven get there by a close shave.”"
"What do you think? Anything I need to add to the list?"
"08. Het café der blije harten - Johan Verminnen (Belgium) / 2:59"
"$1.00 off General Mills cereals"
"now doomed to fall"
"Unlike the U.S., Europe's currency... the Euro... is based on the voluntary cooperation of 17 sovereign nations that are trying to be a United States without a central government. The problem is that each of the 17 nations plays by their own rules and each nation has a disparate impact on the common currency. Britain's prime minister is essentially saying to the 17 nations that if they want a central currency, they need a central government... they need to be a United States of Europe."
"while I would love to say that this trip is just a nice mini-vacation, that's not the real purpose behind it."
"Most of us relying on our backyard gardens for vegetables are probably getting sick of the cole crops. Cole crops, or the Brassica genus, include broccoli, cauliflower, cabbage, mustard and brussels sprouts. They do great over winter, even in places that get an occasional dusting of snow. Aside from chard, it’s about all that’s harvestable for us right now. I am patiently waiting for peas."
"*I am so glad that you are back to being a mostly happy student. I was so worried about you during 2nd grade, but you have come a long way and I love seeing you eager to go to school, happy about your school work, and excited about learning again."
"More posts to come soon! I’ve been in and out of town a lot these past few weeks so I have everything from photos and even a video from my Pop’s 70th birthday, photos from Port Rexton, Ellison, Bonavista, Bonaventure, and St. John’s to go up as well! I actually think I’ve taken more photos in these past few weeks than I have since I’ve gotten my camera. SO nice to be out of school and shoot for fun : )"
"The stairway is provided in three hinged sections. The uppermost is fixed to a trapdoor, being hinged to the frame and spring-biased towards it by means of folding metal support arms. When not required for use, the stairway is folded up and the metal arms force the folded stairway into a nesting position above the ope. The arms also act as a counterbalance when folding and unfolding the stairway."
"We hope that you have been enjoying the Holidays so far. There is nothing better than sharing your time with the friends and family that make life great. Let's not forget all of the delicious food though. It makes for an awesome couple of months."
"At the celebration Faku told the crowds: \"Down with The Herald, down, down. Burn The Herald. Fire to The Herald."
"My Spirit screamed \"No!\" to worries and \"No!\" to making my husband and I react in a negative way. I know better not to have our peace and joy be stolen...No!!! Because He is in our hearts. He is in us!!! That's the truth!!!"
"The dark nights are closing in, the winter chill is in the air so what does ones mind wander to? Planning my make up for the festive period of course. Previous you may think but nay nay in a beauty bloggers mind this is quite acceptable and even rational (especially considering secretly I have been gazing into the future imagining what delights I shall be going all gooey over in prep for SS11)"
"and buried them deep into my pockets...."
"One time, at band camp, I went to take a drink of my soda, and there was an ant on it, and it got in my mouth, and it tasted really, really, nasty. That's what ants do. They have this substance, called formic acid, that they produce, just so they taste blechh. I do not believe that covering them in chocolate would help."
"Tonight 3-6pm"
"I wanted to buy one, but didn't find the ones I wanted (a pooing George Bush or an Obama, they make them to resemble current characters.) I definitely plan to go back to Barcelona, I loved it there, and will get me some Caganers next time I go. It will be a Caga Christmas!"
"My freelance keeps me really hopping, so much so that I haven't had a chance to start on my next novel. This simply will not do, however, as being a novelist is my number one writing priority. So I've cut back a bit on the freelance and have finished doing all my research, plotting, and characterization for my novel. I am so excited by this next story and my characters...this anticipation is one of the best parts of writing!"
"As a candidate, Obama spoke eloquently of the need to bring the estimated 11 million immigrants here without documentation “out of the shadows.” As president, he stepped up the number of deportations to an all-time high: 298,401 in fiscal 2009, a 13 percent increase over the last year of George W. Bush’s presidency. But reforming our ridiculous immigration laws so that the millions of immigrants here illegally could have a path to legalization was deferred, like so many administration commitments, until health-care reform was enacted."
"*As he was eating lunch the other day, Isaac said, \"We need to send the Operation Christmas Child kid some food. We could send it on one of our plates.\""
"But, amazing for my track record, I tried two new recipes in the past week."
"Everyone knows that you can find the best deals on computers and electronics online. Wouldn’t it be nice to find those same massive discounts on things like designer clothes, jewelry and watches or women’s shoes? The fact is that you can. Over the past five years or so, the internet marketplace has undergone its own Big Bang, and the result is a whole universe of shopping choices for all the things that you want most. That only leaves one question – where are all the bargains?"
"i finally stopped staring at it. i looked away, embarrassed."
"Ute Nanninga"
"sorry for the lack of posting this past month...."
"The owner of the cottage we were staying in, and indeed the whole island also works as a creel fisherman and offers trips out on his boat. As you may know, one of the things that is a must for any holiday for Me is to get out on the water, so it will come as no surprise that beloved and I headed out one morning on a “Shellfish Safari”, as they are charmingly called. So, on a bright fresh morning we boarded our ship."
"It’s clear that Idaho’s goal is to drive wolves down to the barest minimum of 150 wolves — decimating the state’s wolf population down to minimum numbers."
"Credit: Getty Images"
"We walk this earth and carry the light of our Lord inside us. And it cannot be easily seen from the interior or conformity of a box. You are the light of the world, so get out of the box and live as He calls you. Live a life out of the box doing what He tells you to do, reaching out to those He places around you. Use the gifts, talents, and resources he’s given you. And let your light shine!"
"Memories and family mysteries are resurfacing, tied to the \"imagination\" Tomas was said to have as a small child, where he saw škriatokov and vily - dwarves and fairies - around every corner. While childhood memories are all very amusing, Tomas is finally figuring out the worst bit - it's not his imagination. The woman in the fire dress... isn't all in his head. A vodník IS trying to kill him - for real - and make him live out eternity in his teacup. And bargain though he might, Death - not at all the mythological being he imagined - is coming for someone in his family."
"But he insisted: “Even if we have to stay awake all night, every day, we will be ready.”"
"Starting with the liquid, add in 1 cup of milk of your choice. Now add in the chia or flax and nut butter. Next, add in the spinach followed by the banana on top. Blend until smooth. Add in your ice cubes and blend some more."
"1 Corinthians 13:4-8 (NIV)"
"In one such case at the Department of Social Development, a company owned by a senior official in the department rendered similar services on 24 different occasions, with a quotation being obtained each time. The total amount of the 24 transactions was R649000."
"Hope you like it, and fell free to share and comment!!!"
"My first exam is tomorrow morning, then I have another two later on in the week. Really not looking forward to this week, but in seven days most of my exams will be over! I will schedule a few posts for this week but my main concern is revising and more revising. BOO. Not long now! The only thing getting me through this is the release of the Mystery Jets new album Radlands. I haven't stopped listening to their single, it's amazing!"
"While they stood together watching the roses being swept away into the deep blue sea, I reflected on the recent deaths of my father and my sister’s husband. For a few moments, I could clearly see them in my mind, while a peaceful calm swept through my thoughts."
"Cockney: \"Sole roit. weave jost started.\""
"Many Applied Behavior Analysis procedures can be used as alternatives to restraint, seclusion, and punishment. Positively Autism offers free ABA and Autism training and resources here: http://www.positivelyautism.com/tutorials.html"
"We see a huge Indian brave climbing on the roof, carrying a blanket. The Indian places the blanket over the chimney and when the smoke gets too intense in the cabin, Stults & the bodyguards run out. When Stults stumbles off the proch, the Indian is there, mounted on his horse, a bow & arrow drawn taught. The Indian sends the arrow straight into Stults, killing him, and then rides off with the bodyguards firing their pistols after him."
"But I have one more warning for all of the guys."
"Parents of kids with special needs often wrestle with prickly spiritual questions. I sure did. Sometimes I still do. So do all the parents interviewed in this book, and most of the professionals, too. Every day, we continue to ask questions about our kids’ lives and futures. Gradually, we learn more about how to trust God’s timing and wait for His answers."
"A website is just like a real office. You will need to keep it updated, stylish and fresh. Search engine optimization (SEO) is also a must, along with websites that work with mobile technology. Sound media should be integrated into your website. Your site and social media should compliment one another. Finally, just like other external communications, never forget that legal, compliance and regulatory guidelines apply to social media."
"I have yet to determine how to press these seams to maximize transparency."
"Makes 20 bars."
"也许黑暗捆著你"
"“Zephyr.”"
"“Shake hands with me,” the other boy said. Nikolas grasped his hand. “Hi,” he said, grinning cheekily. “I’m Leonard Astor, but you can call me Lenny.”"
"They continue: “Staying through 2024 will be a hard sell to the majority of Americans. According to last week’s Pew Research public opinion poll, only about a third of those polled think U.S. troops should stay in Afghanistan ‘until the situation there is stabilized’ (whatever that means). About two-thirds of Obama supporters, and almost as many swing voters (who make up nearly a quarter of the electorate), want a swift withdrawal of U.S. troops, while Mitt Romney supporters are split just about evenly.”"
"So.. here it goes!"
"Dinner was Alligator Sausage with Shrimp and Grits... and a dinner salad on the side. Nice. I thought I was visiting Charleston. Good Eats."
"I abused my body a long time ago…"
"I have experienced all types of nutritional theories - growing up with an Italian mother and a vegetarian father. I even experimented with vegetarianism myself for a short time, however ended up loosingtoo much weight (dropped to 46kg) and had absolutely no energy."
"In 2007:"
"The obvious effect of the attacks were all the lives lost due to the planes crashing into the towers, into the pentagon, and flight 93 crashing down into a Pennsylvania field. September 11th, 2001 was the worse act of terror I had personally witnessed. But the reign of terror unfortunately goes further than that one day. Those acts of terrorism that took 3,000 lives set in motion a war that is still waging, and we’ve lost over 4,400 troop members in Iraq alone (numbers are rising in Afghanistan, 1,752), over 33,000 US soldiers wounded and don’t forget the other countries who have lost their soldiers aiding us in this war. It goes even further than that though. We’ve lost over 2,000 civilians who were in Iraq during this war; students, journalist, vacationers with a strange idea of what a “desirable destination” is. And what about the innocent Iraqi citizens who have been caught in the cross-fire and victims of roadside bombs intended for our soldiers? 1.4 million Iraqi deaths since March 2003. Today I am mourning all of the heroes and all of the innocent lives lost."
"In the fall of 1983 I was a 19 year old mother of 2 and recently separated from husband Number 1, due to finding him screwing a 16 year old in our bed, while my 2 year old was playing in the living room and I was grocery shopping… this happened at 5 weeks post-partum."
"If they do want to blackball them, they’re going to have to play detective. They’ll have to trawl Facebook and Twitter to see if there’s any evidence of the suspected canvassing, which is just a ludicrous thing to expect of literary jurors. If they find any, they can then kick the stories off the shortlist. If they can’t, then presumably the stories stay on the shortlist."
"The garden is now pretty much ready to start planting things in, although I’ve yet to devise a way of stopping the cats crapping in all that lovely prepared soil as if it was a giant litter tray. I thought large electric fences might work, but I’m sure that would come under some kind of animal cruelty law so am trying the netting from around large bales of hay. One layer doesn’t work and two layers is struggling as they’re still digging through it. Yelling at them isn’t working either. Last year you may recall they scurried around enough in it to displace a percentage of the seedlings I’d taken the time to plant so once again I’m open to suggestions."
"His campaign aimed to “make white folks angry” at his opponent, the Liberal Democrat’s Elwyn Watkins, as part of a desperate bid to retain his seat in the run up to the May 2010 general election. Whipping up hysteria and rhetoric that could make him a Tea Party candidate in America, Woolas is now barred from the House of Commons and ordered to pay £5,000 and costs to Mr Watkins."
"As luck would have it, Sal knows “S” too. Sal and I met while working in a retail gig when we were both still kicking around at school and uni and then both ended up working in a different retail gig where we met “S”. I called “S” as soon as I had managed to give Sal some sort of idea of what had just happened and she answered the phone with a sheepish “Hiiiii…”."
"Let someone shout halleluiah!"
"The date is week which begins on Monday, February 14th."
"The court heard he crashed into an oncoming Ford Focus in Western Avenue, Herne Bay, before skidding into a parked car belonging to city council officer Lyn McDaid."
"collaboration being defined as cooperation (usually with an enemy), and cooperation as assistance, esp. by ready compliance with."
"Last month Sudan arrested a Briton, South African and Norwegian, along with a South Sudanese soldier whom authorities said had illegally entered the Heglig area and accused them of being spies for the SPLA. South Sudan believes Heglig is part of its territory."
"Better avatar customization:"
"Who cares how fast I am - really? Its not like I have a shot at winning a trophy or prize and that is fine by me. And look at me, my body doesn't exactly scream - I AM AN ATHLETE! I look more like a couch potato who loves beer and fries. There is victory in that I am exercising and I still can't believe in my lifetime I have completed 4 half marathons."
"All New York City children who turn four years of age by December 31, 2011 are eligible for free UPK seats. Available half-day and full day UPK seats are located at public schools and community-based childcare centers contracted by the Department of Education. UPK offers flexibility in that families can enroll their children in available seats located where they live, where they work, where they go to school or wherever it is convenient for them."
"My congratulations to Mr Cooke for defending himself, his home and his family so robustly. I apologise on behalf of our pathetic justice system that you will have to live with this for the rest of your life."
"Your gran liked sausages (most people do)"
"I hope I find the right socialite/ hot rich, politically incorrect snobby lady to rescue in the process. Maybe this is a project that could grab my attention. \"bout time"
"at ease"
"If you have any information call the anonymous tip line at 1-800-TIP-HSUS. A tip could be worth up to $5,000 for an arrest or conviction."
"10. I’ll bet he/she has a special talent. You know like in ‘Rain Man’."
"Running running running ha ha ha I’m having so much fun, running, I love it, I love this! Yo! Runmothafucka! Running, running, running, runn—"
"Elizabeth Carolyn Miller — Associate Professor of English"
"One time he was gonna go hunting and going to his lease before sun-up to prepare for the day’s hunt. And he gets out on this lease, it’s an hour before sun-up, and he hears a hog howling as if it were in pain, as if it were being attacked. And he hears some muffled sounds, as if something were attacking. And so he had a big flashlight with him. Of course, this guy, he’s got a gun, he’s not afraid of anything."
"How sad and still tonight,"
"This is a poster for the performance art piece \"Double Silence\" by Saburo Teshigawara. It may or may not be related to the post below."
"The funny things was, on the day I could eat whatever I wanted, there was little craving for anything bad. I ordered my favourite fast food breakfast from McDonalds and choked down half an Egg McMuffin before giving up. I made cookies for a work event and ate exactly half of one, even though they were delicious. For lunch I chose a grilled chicken pita, which was okay at best. I had a coke with it, which was very enjoyable. Supper was gnocchi and bread and cannoli, which were good but not AS GOOD as I remember.Yesterday, I was back on the plan and only got side-railed once when my mother-in-law gave us peach juice with supper."
"But five years after The Sopranos ended, it is still the ending itself which everybody is talking about."
"First, schools are operating under a few basic fallacies which have been accepted as \"fact\" by the fast majority of Americans, and therefore by a majority of our institutions, including our governments:"
"So take things slowly, and let him know that if he needs to take a break because his mind is wandering, it's okay for him to tell you that. You'd rather he be honest so that he can get his heart and head right and start again."
"The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) is criticizing the House Republican budget authored by Rep. Paul Ryan for cutting food stamps and other assistance programs for the poor.In a letter sent to the House Agriculture Committee on Monday, the bishops say the budget fails to meet certain “moral criteria” by disproportionately cutting programs that “serve poor and vulnerable people.”"
"The Crypt is thought to date back to the 6th century, there are massive wooden beams and the walls are eight feet thick. It is still in use as a chapel and the font is down here.I think that the two statues in the window embrasures are St Francis and Our Lady. It was very dark down there so the other photos I took are too murky to post."
"I have thought about the pros and cons of both--"
"Finally,never follow every fashion trend.Not everything will look good on everybody.You need to know what works for you and what does’nt."
"Lee Hoiby (below), a composer who was born and educated in Madison and who was especially known for his lyrical songs and operas as well as his outstanding craftsmanship, died Monday in New York. He was 85."
"\"If I do collapse I am going to tell everyone you hit me over the head.\" I say"
"Jay-walking is a sin"
"\"We did not get to see Jon Jon. Because"
"Producers are seeking “accomplished and upscale women in the Calabasas area who have fabulous lives, are very social, are involved in the community, but also have a very deep commitment to their faith.”"
"and I had 1/2 a batch of cream puff dough left....... since I hate to waste things"
"I produce images to be appreciated by others, and I am really so pleased that so many people - especially non-photographers - will be able so see my images as prints all around the UK. People who have read my blog before will instantly recognise the two images Pearls and Simply Red, with Pearls being awarded the Gold Medal."
"Art displays and demonstrations of green crafts and technology"
"Quelques cartes toutes en Crate Paper et des tampons SwissGirlDesigns."
"Despite, what’s said of writer’s block"
"Of negative knowledge, the night when, drunk, one"
"Park Street is about three hundred feet from the State House, so that was our next stop. You saw the night shot… here’s the day shot. Thankfully the Occupy nincompoops had been given the boot by the city. They were protesting their “right” to public transportation. Since when is that a right? Last I checked, the Constitution doesn’t grant anyone the right to public transportation. Sooo stupid."
"This take on traditional guacamole was terrific and something I will make again and again- a great healthy snacking option if you leave a bowl in the fridge."
"I weeded the garlic. He hammered on the tiller with his big metal spoon."
"Thank You from thank you set"
"Mayall: It went from the vomit it corridor to the vomitorium."
"I began one Monday morning, looking out all the ingredients, carefully buttering the cake tin and even cutting a greaseproof paper circle to fit in the bottom....and set to, all the while listening to Radio 2 and pretending that I was a Real Grown Up. I was wearing make up and perfume and nice trousers. I hope you're impressed."
"Review Snippets:"
"*NOTE: FEES ARE DIFFERENT DEPENDING ON THE METHOD YOU CHOOSE FOR REGISTRATION: PAYPAL: $20 / CHEQUE OR MONEY ORDER: $25"
"His scowl was blacker than ever... A chill went down her back, for he looked like the very devil, sitting there passing judgment on her...then he sounded like it too."
"Instead of slapping 'Mary-Sue' in your review and leaving it at that, make a list of four or five traits or decisions or actions that you think were bad, or unrealistic, or obnoxious, about the character. Perhaps you should discuss those points, and why they bothered you, in the review instead."
"After one (or two or three) more sweep up and down the aisles, I mosied back to the clearance one more time. And saw this pair of fabulous, totally un-sensible, and a little bit unnecessary, purple pair. Naturally, I tried them on and decided I had to have them."
"One of the most memorable jobs we had was as co-masters of ceremonies of a drag show. Jay and I had gotten jobs as waiters at a coffee house called The Crazy Horse, and the owner had a drag show as entertainment. He thought because we were twins that it would be fun to have us introduce the impersonators. One of the drag queens, Tish, who is mentioned in Martin Duberman's book Stonewall, was there the night of the raid. They dressed me up one night, and I looked like a cross between Martha Hyer and Peggy Lee."
"Manga ~ Soulless Vol. 1: Artwork is complete. Chapter by chapter serialization (online subscription required) ongoing at YenPlus. Printed volume releases March 1. Have seen initial cover mock-up for Soulless Vol. 2 (AKA Changeless) and it is beyond fabulous!"
"Kids are tougher than we give them credit for. Boys especially are obsessed with people dying or being maimed in the most horrific ways possible. When I run my story-writing workshops I’m always stunned by some extreme level of violence or horror the kids come up with. Trust me, if you think you’re writing something too disturbing, it’s probably nothing compared to the carnage that’s already going on in the heads of most 10-year-old boys."
"Just sharing a sweet card that uses Ruby Rock-It and Bella Fundamentals. The die cut bird, cage and hearts are so cute and the different sized tags are perfect for popping out the colors of the chipboard and sticker letters."
"That's it for today. I'll continue sharing much more Arizona trivia every Tuesday all year long. Hope you enjoy it!"
"I'm not proposing that we further subdivide the community of parenting blogs, nor do I have a suggestion as to how (or whether at all) to reframe the language. I just want us to start understanding one another just a little bit better."
"3. To develop clinics and conferences to develop and exchange ideas for better coaching strategies and techniques."
"Alas the man was allowed to escape from the police-station. So medical personnel may have to plans on hold: they wanted to demonstrate Monday during the arrested black man's remand-appearance on Monday between 9:45am and 10:15am outside the Pretoria magistrate's court to protest against the brutality inflicted on the girl."
"Aftermath"
"Richelle has amazing writing skills and with each book your hooked from the first page right up until the end which for me is pure torture because the next book in the series will only be released next year. For our Adrian fans get ready to see a new side of him that at times was only present when he was around Rose. I'm a huge Adrian fan but I have to admit that he had me laughing, angry and even at one point a little teary. What we didn't see in Adrian in the previous books we will definitely see in BLOODLINES so get ready for the Adrian that you can soak up."
"When does your CSA end? For many of you (“Prescott College” shareholders), today is your last day of CSA. For everyone else, next week is the last. Please check if you’re not sure. We recommend you fill out and return this contract – with your deposit – to hold your spot for next year (http://www.prescott.edu/community-supported-agriculture/). Prescott College students/staff/faculty can begin with block, and everyone else the first week of November."
"Monday: walk 5 minutes, jog 2 minutes, walk 5 minutes. That’s it. Gets you off your butt without killing you."
"Amber orange color with a sweet citrusy smell. This beer is very drinkable and is easy to introduce to any beer drinker. I would recommend this beer to anyone, especially those who tend not to stray away from the American lights...Bud, Miller, Coors, etc."
"I remember well the effect that the arrival of the big-box bookstores had in my hometown back in the 1990s. They hit the local independents like a tsunami, with most of those stores closing within a matter of months. People spent hours browsing the immense collections of books, films and music in these new stores. Business was good for the storeowners, too. During the holidays, the cash registers whirred without interruption like some kind of mad, mechanized symphony. And if that weren’t enough, you could always come by on the weekends for lattes and free performances by singer-songwriters in the bookstores’ shiny, new cafes."
"well done folks please email me at mailto:creativecraftchallenges@live.co.uk stating what you have won or if you are a top 3 and ill send out your banners and/or prize details."
"Ocean kayaked"
"10/5 Atlanta, GA @ Masquerade"
"But when I woke up this morning, I actually remembered my dream."
"It has been found that at least half of the world population believes in the existence of angels, guardian angels and other spiritual beings, but what are angels? Are they real? Do they really exist or are they a figment of our imagination? All of these questions and more will be answered in this chapter."
"So I guess I, too, would love to share these moments with my little guy. It’s not so much that I long for him to one day be a chef (although I’d support him if he wanted to be one). It’s more about the time we spend together–laughing and getting to know each at a deeper level."
"Many things have changed in my life in the past year. Becoming a women does not prevent me to do what I used to do, but interests change and emotions that are driving passion are structures differently then in my past life."
"Blind Melon"
"NOBODY REMEMBERS OBAMA AT COLUMBIA"
"She told me son, you better go upstairs"
"Today is a busy day, daycare of course, training after for my 5K and then roadside pick up with the scouts and a pot luck. Not a problem cuz I just plan on eating before I leave the house. I am working on trying to beat my 47:47 time on my walk, I really want 45:00. Only 5 day to go."
"Seeing his mother and the other women, his near and dear ones at the foot of the cross PIQUES Jesus to state a PROFOUND FACT and exposit a PROVISION of MAGNITUDE proportions and say the THIRD saying on the cross. Woman, Behold thy son! Behold thy mother!"
"I conduct all of our first round interviews in our business. Some people will hire anyone, I will not. One of the questions that has always stuck out to me is question number 6. Who is your hero? 97.9% of the time I get Mom, Dad, Aunt, Uncle or Grandparent. And when I ask why, I usually get the same response. \"They've always been there for me.\" LAME! Shouldn't a hero be someone who inspires greatness in you? I think it's a tough question and every time I ask it I wonder who I would say."
"Well, the big deal is that, although I am describing my very own basement to you, those dish towels and cleaning supplies don’t belong to me. They belonged to the previous owner and are probably covered in dust and cobwebs. It’s all quite disgusting."
"4. Manage The Heat"
"A-ha was the first Norwegian band to hit the US charts with the number one song Take on Me."
"The music. Oh, the music. Believe me, I get that he wasn't going for 'rocker' on this album, instead he's trying hard to tip his hat to the era of big band and go all old school on us. Problem is, he can't carry it. It doesn't work. I appreciate that style more than anyone and have extremely varied taste in music (just ask The Kid, cause he's been listening to me sing along to Streisand's Broadway album for two days… I like to pretend I'm Liza in the car.) So I'm not judging based on it straying from his normal output of sound. I'm judging the level of assault on my ears."
"Friday, 17:00"
"\"That's better. When I return you will be allowed to remove the plug and empty your bowels. We will repeat this process 3 times just to be sure you're good and clean. Then, do you know what will happen to you, my little tramp?\""
"And the police just watch. Sometimes not even capable of hiding their scowls towards our Pro-Israel side . After all, they've just heard the buzz word \"zionist\" and \"fascist\". Guess all that CAIR Sensitivity Training is finally paying off (sarc intended)"
"Hail to He Who Is the Guide of Souls Above and Below–Rejoice! You are praised!"
"Tools: wine crate, paint, sponge brush and bowl of water."
"Really a fantastic day Memphis. So much to do in this city and so much great stuff. Get out. Go see it. ”Get busy living, or get busy dying.” Come back tomorrow for more coffee, art and wings. Cheers."
"I've been pretty good taking pics over the holidays; I didn't manage it everyday, but I managed almost everyday! Enjoy!!"
"doctrines\" to align herself with any particular belief"
"Traditionally, performers have been desperate to gain the attention of the press, and many people have exploited that desperation. Even now, many performers are briefed that they ought to be desperate for press attention, and ought to value the opinions of one reviewer more than those of hundreds of audience members."
"I write this just after receiving a 'hint' from a friend about my approach."
"So no more travel blogs from me – poor you if you’ve bothered to read any of them, but I’ve enjoyed reading them, and they’ll certainly help us to remember what we got up to on our three-month road trip."
"but i can recall glimpses"
"Things learned in the last 24 Hours:"
"any man’s death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind."
"Some would argue that \"Scripture\" is traditionally capitalized in Anglican circles when referencing it for theological method. The reason for capitalization is to differentiate the Christian canon, from other types of scripture. That would be small fry."
"When you look back on your past relationships, very few (if any) ended the way they began. Somewhere along the line, “love” became hate. People who used to creep each other’s facebooks every twenty minutes to see what their true love was up to, eventually delete each other because they can’t stand seeing the other’s status updates in their newsfeed."
"but i like taking little fun breaks!"
"at dawn i have become soul and body"
"Just thought I'd share it with you as another idea to add to the never-ending ways to keep our lives more organized. Here is a link to my post: http://tami-licious-life.blogspot.com/2011/03/tool-time-tami.html"
"Studying the Scripture is without a doubt one of the most beneficial priorities in my life. I first attempted to read the entire Bible at the age of fourteen; it was a difficult task; at that age I was not an avid reader."
"May 10 - Mia Amber Davis, model/actress (Road Trip), 36"
"I performed my duties as Forensic Ballistic Specialist for the last 18 years of my police career, after completing a 3-year in-service training programme, based on the standards and requirements of the Association of Firearm and Tool mark Examiners (AFTE) - USA. Other forensic-related qualifications include a Diploma (Fss Dip) awarded by the Forensic Science Society (UK) and various certificate courses, among others, a firearm-related Forensic Chemical Investigations Course, and various Assessor/Moderator courses related to the use of handguns, shotguns, rifles and hand machine carbines. Prior to that time I had 7 years experience in various other police departments. My total service-period in the SA Police was thus 24 years. I accepted the government’s voluntary severance package at a time when Jackie Selebi was still the National Commissioner. This fact should already provide informed readers with a hint as to why I left the Farce."
"30 min: As Lennon clips a shot just over the bar at the Reebok, Newcastle continue to bother Chelsea, besieging their box for a good two minutes. They’re starting to make themselves at home at the Bridge. Di Matteo out!"
"Whip egg whites until they are stiff, but not dry."
"I love pore strips, they pull out all the disgusting black heads and oil and icky stuff out of your pores. It’s so cool to look at what it pulls off, I don’t think I know a single girl that won’t admit to checking out the strip after. Hehe. I suppose they probably do damage your skin if you use them too often, they can break the skin and it takes a while to repair. So I personally say do it twice a week but some pore strips are nice enough to your skin to be able to do it three or four times :) just check the packet. You can always sue if they’re wrong :D"
"In Battle for Earth it’s ... Well, you’ll just have to read the book to find out."
"By the way, the gun costs RM9 and luckily Juan Or did not pester to buy this because if Mommy is to buy it, then it will be at Papa's agony since Papa has zero tolerance for noise."
"As Johnny Mac screams: “You cannot be serious!”"
"Issued to: Rangers FC"
"First, the beta retrovirus is linked with aberrant expression of mitochondrial protein(s) on the biliary epithelium cell (BEC) surface, a disease specific phenotype."
"People always ask me about the places I’ve been…what my favorite country was…what the most beautiful thing I’ve seen is…where was the best food…who had the nicest people??? I’ve been to a lot of countries and seen a lot of things, but I’m not naive enough to think I’ve seen it all, there is so much more out there that I haven’t even come close to experiencing. But I certainly can share my experiences to date, let you know what I thought, how I felt and if I would ever go back. I don’t doubt your experience might be different than my own, it is what you make it and want it to be. That is the beauty of traveling, people can all go to the same place and have a different experience than the next person. So let the pictures do a lot of the talking, and see what you want to see. I hope you enjoy looking at this as much as I enjoy reliving it."
"150g button mushrooms"
"We have never had one bill that frightened us, never had to cut corners or go without to get the rent paid."
"I have cut my button holes so the button will sit and be sewn on diagonally."
"We had harvest gold, but LOTS of decor in orange & brown. I'd forgotten that til I read Miss Charming's comment. I think I might be a bit nauseous now."
"Can't we all just get a schlong?"
"And that’s something you can hang your hat on."
"TAA DAA. Yay indies!"
"from penstemon to gilia,"
"I hope you'll stick around for it. It's life-changing stuff. :)"
"ALBANY, NY -- With the Albany Craft Beer Festival less than a week away, here's a lineup of the promised labels available, according to the event producers."
"“Oh yer should, should yer?” she huffed. “That clownin’ ninny makes faces at me when he passes by t’other day. Makes funna ol’ Ma Hibberd, he does, when she’s attendin’ to her daily duties. So I gives ‘im the evil eye and says I’m puttin’ a hex on ‘im. There’s no turnin’ back now.”"
"If Obama is unable to lead his own party when it had a lock on political power in Congress, his ability to do so for the rest of the nation is indeed in question and Navorro-Valls noted that “reality is relentless when we come down from the blue sky of promises to the vulgar world of facts, so the gap between what was offered and the reality concerns the electorate.”"
"Michael Forest, with 229 credits, is still acting today, and, has a project now in post called MONDO HOLOCAUSTO! Last year he played a judge in THE SCARLET WORM. Here, he plays ski instructor, Gil Jackson."
"My master closet has been a disaster area for a few months. Its one of those things that I chose to let go because... well, I don't know why. Wait, yes I do, its because not everything can be ideal. There! Ha! Die, Perfectionist. That's why this blog is not called \"In Perfect Order.\" Its \"Decent\". You know, definitely \"Good Enough.\""
"Finally, the Agnus Dei. Here, Rose impressed, dolorous and at times desperate, the other soloists responding in kind. The horrors of war – human reality as opposed to the human ideal? – terrified without lapsing into the grotesque, as so often they do; I have rarely heard them so integrated into the musical argument, save once again for readings by Klemperer. And there was again a properly Handelian sturdiness to the ‘Dona nobis pacem’. Whether or no there be an actual quotation from Messiah, and it is too readily forgotten just how greatly Beethoven revered Handel, it certainly sounded as if the resemblance to ‘And he shall reign’ was intentional. The performance was crowned, though it was too late, for we had been taken to the abyss. Pacem? Perhaps. In fact, probably not, for this was the most desolate conclusion to the work I have ever heard: desolate, and yet retaining a nobility which might remain our sole hope of peace."
"I'm so excited to be a mommy again. I'm due November 19th. So far this pregnancy hasn't been too bad. I felt super sick and tired starting at 7 weeks and then felt better at 10 weeks. But my sister was still living with us at the time and was super helpful. Not bad at all! I can't complain. With Grayson I was sick until 16 weeks. I'm hoping that means this one is a girl! :)"
"9/27/2008 - Charleston, SC - North Charleston Performing Arts Center"
"The post-modern terrorism pioneered by al Qaeda or perhaps the post-modern world in which the organisation has developed provides pointers to some form of lawful and rational armed resistance on the part of the white indigenous population to the facts of the their racial and cultural dispossession. Central to so much of the promotion of multiculturalism and globalisation is the assertion that the nation state is obsolescent and with it the traditional cultures and allegiances associated therewith. Now this view may be the current fashion in British political circles and is certainly an article of faith throughout the bureaucracies of the European Union (EU) and the United Nations (UN) but it commands very little support outside of these tax-payer subsidised organisations. If the British government, for example, despite the obvious and very widespread hostility to the EU in Britain, continues to transfer ever more powers to the large, unaccountable and fiscally corrupt bureaucracies of the EU, why should British citizens be bound by laws made by a government that is not loyal to its own citizens and their perfectly legitimate, cultural, racial and historical interests? Put another way, if the nation state is on the way to becoming an irrelevance in the twenty-first century to whom or to what political entity should the British citizen offer his loyalty (and his taxes)? A British government that quite deliberately connives to allow some 2,000,000 illegal immigrants to enter this country and then fails to remove them is either grossly negligent or pursuing an agenda that it does not wish to see challenged. Either way it violates the contract that exists between the government and the governed. The relentless growth of the EU means that we are less and less governed and more and more ruled, and ruled arbitrarily and unaccountably, by people who at best are indifferent to, or frequently hostile to, the historical, cultural, economic, racial and political interests of Britain. A government that promotes globalisation and multiculturalism because, it believes, among other things, the nation state retains no significance, cannot then selectively arrogate to itself the right to insist that we obey the laws of this allegedly defunct entity. The laws of the nation state only command obedience when the nation state itself is recognised as the sole, properly constituted authority (the national parliament) for the making and enacting of laws. A nation state or rather the government of a nation state that transfers these powers to a third party in the absence of any express and explicit mandate (← another complicated question), foregoes any claim on the obedience and loyalty of its citizens."
"The atmosphere is bohemian and eclectic. The narrow, walk-down space is lined on either side with small wooden tables. (Don't let them seat you upstairs; it's lonely and not as charming.) The mood is convivial. You won't find tourists here, for the most part. Patrons are either cost-conscious, dyed-in-the-wool New Yorker or displaced Europeans. You'll hear a lot of French spoken, usually by older people who have obviously been there many times and know the waiters by name. The food is very good, but never great. People don't come here for the menu, but the familiar, cozy feeling. It's always packed, so there's always an air of celebration in the place."
"The photo is of my 'workspace' in my studio. Well... half of it. The other is just as big and just as filled. The window is a North window. I like a mix of natural light and artificial for color choices, so I spend most of my time at this desk."
"As for the smile worthy issue, Vic could get Beckham to marry a wife no. 2 who is actualy Royalty or nobility so that Beckham gets a consort title or actual title, and wife Vic being wife 1 (middleton-mite in stature) can get to ‘Lady’ over the actual noble and royal newcomers to the chavham . . . oops I mean Beckham Family as wife no.1. and indirectly get to be an incidental ‘lady’ with authority as Wife no.1 over wife 2 as well. (Psst, how about changing that name to Beckton or Beckden you smurfs? It’s more posh . . . )"
"Wonderful all by it's self but even better with a scoop of vanilla ice cream!!!"
"How does Maya respond to all of this? Let's see:"
"Crabtree Brewing Golden 8"
"In this strangely precocious spring, it is the sycamores that have galloped ahead of the other trees (can a tree gallop?) in putting out their leaves. While the limes and oaks have a light green mist over their branches and the beeches are still deciding whether to start, the sycamores look as if it’s June already. These photos were taken on the last day of March."
"By rejecting his teaching,"
"Dennis Farina (Striking Distance)"
"Some point later, Malchezaar came to Azeroth and turned up in Demon Fall Canyon. None of the other lesser demons there had ever been able to yank to axe out of the rocks, and they generally kept their distance, seeing as having the axe that killed their head honcho right there was probably kind of creepy. But, Malchezaar figured it would be a pretty good trophy for him to pick up for that very reason, and so after some doing he managed to yank it out of the stone. Apparently, by the way, he made a big deal about the fact that he was the one that managed to pull the axe out, and how that was an omen that he was destined for greatness and to be king of the demons and what-have-you, and by the way THAT’S when he started calling himself PRINCE Malchezaar, pretentious fucker."
"I want to be like that."
"Time is running out."
"The current guideline for allergy prevention (as of March 2009) recommends vaccinations according to STIKO recommendations for children and adolescents with and without allergy risk."
"I kind have thought that would guarantee that I would…especially with my track record of foot in the mouth syndrome."
"Drawing on my educational and professional background, I am also writing a series of educational workbooks aimed at helping primary school-aged children with all aspects of English and Creative Writing (see about my Teaching below)."
"For reasons unknown to the lead characters, men were born more rarely in this society, and they were often sterile. \"It was just the way things were in Duine, the way things had always been.\""
"we can not grow thatfast (and this will never be one of our intentions –"
"Never talk to society women about where to buy lace, they'll never shut up. In fact they'll talk so much about tailors and boutiques, if you could tap all that energy through some scientific magic, you'd have several gallons of petrol."
"- they have been visiting earth since before the last ice age (AvP)"
"`(B) theft or misappropriation of private or government information, intellectual property, or personally identifiable information."
"Rights have little meaning unless they can be enforced and modern technology has made IPRs enforcement increasingly difficult. Photocopiers make it possible for anyone with access to a machine to reproduce works entitled to copyright protection and the Internet allows anyone to make literary or musical works available to the world."
"There was no rest for the weary this year though."
"I am so excited for Spring, have I mentioned that before?"
"You all know how much I love Dude Time Doodles digis and making masculine cards (part of the requirement for DTD cards.) This week, the challenge at Dude Time is to use the freebie they offer to make a card or project, and a win means you could be the next guest designer for a month. Here's what I did for the challenge."
"Happy National Truffle Day, everybody! If you’ve been craving something sweet and delicious all week, now is the perfect excuse to indulge. In honor of the day, here’s a little truffle trivia for you:"
"It is upon the rock of the Second Amendment where the “privilege” argument in reference to “concealed carry of a firearm”, founders and sinks."
"Roast 30 minutes, shaking the pan occasionally. Add garlic cloves to the dish. Continue to roast until tender and brown in spots, about 30 minutes longer. Serve hot."
"Busy weekend coming up with hubby out of town and my having to juggle the kids' weekend activities solo. Going to be a very tight squeeze getting from the soccer game to the music festival today, but barring any accidents along the way, everything should work out. If not, my son gets left at the soccer field LOL - just kidding!"
"If I could be so lucky, these lungs might remember how to breathe"
"-Pour the gravy over the chicken evenly all over and cook again till 25-30 minutes in the oven at the same temperature uncovered.If you want gravy,then reduce the cooking time.or else you get the dry version of stuffed chicken."
"Full of magnanimity and verisimilitude, Sir David Walker, aka, The Red Knight, roved the countryside of ancient Europe, freeing slaves, slaying dragons, rescuing damsels, and clearing out the Great Big Enchanted and Evil Forest of all the evil in it."
"\"There tiny!\""
"The BEF will once again host its annual Trivia Night on Friday, March 9, 2012. Since the theme of music was such a “big hit” last year, we decided to do it again. A perfect forum to show off your “moves like Jagger.”"
"Although the term \"conservatism\" first acquired a political use in the 19th century, that does not of course mean that thinking now generally called conservative arose for the first time in that era. Political labels come and go and ideas that are at one time associated with one political party can at a later time come to be associated with another party. It is my basic thesis in this article, however, that there has long been an important polarity in politics that has survived the comings and goings of political parties and I aim to trace that polarity through history at some length. As a matter of historical interest, however, I set out below a potted history of the term \"conservatism\", which I owe to Martin Hutchinson, author of Great Conservatives:"
"Online bookstore and database availability"
"It starts with the her voice. Before you notice the words, before you detect the gently curling melodies tugging them along, this is what hits you first: It’s warm and rich and touched with a soft Southern twang, as likely to swing down into its earthy lower register as arch upwards into a hopeful trill; it’s steady and sure but flecked with a certain weary sadness that stops you dead, draws you near. It’s beautiful. It knows something."
"19 May 12 – West Ham or Cardiff v Birmingham v Blackpool @ Wembley"
"It's when events like this come up that I realize that I never go anywhere anymore. I still have my corporate wardrobe - the things I'd wear to work everyday. But my weekend clothes have gotten shabby or (more likely) too tight. I tend to wear the same couple of things to everything, especially as the weather has moved from winter to spring. I just don't clean up that well lately. I've fallen in love with my yoga pants (so comfy, so soft, so forgiving!) and I feel like a cranky baby when I have to gird my loins with jeans or some other similarly tight pants. It's a real dilemma."
"It’s nothing new, of course. Gossip was likely the subject of the Lascaux cave paintings. But its reach and breadth is daunting. I’ve often wondered how much of this information is manipulated to sweep our attention away from the bigger, more important truths… This, again, is nothing new. But Western society’s apathy to myriad injustices perpetrated upon it and others runs deeper than ever. And these magazines, their internet and television brethren are largely symbolic of that apathy."
"See the link for some commercialization of some recent Harvard research by Lieberman. As always, there is some good and some bad. If you’re going to make the transition, please do it the baby steps way (gradual progress)…"
"who together built up the house of Israel."
"Subtle aroma with a rather potent attack to the palate."
"To clean your windows and mirrors, spray on and wipe away the dirt and fingerprints. Avoid using paper towels and use a soft reusable (and lint free) cloth or crumpled newspaper!"
"Are you gonna give up?"
"We were corralled back on the bus for the final bus leg of our journey which took us through beautiful countryside and quaint little towns. The last 45 minutes of the drive was through Chiquita and Del Monte banana plantations via a ‘massaging’ dirt road. Seeing where our bananas come from was exciting yet a bit concerning; seeing the fruit grow and being excitedly waved at by employees was something I’ll cherish but seeing bananas in vats of who-knows-what chemicals, the private air strips for crop dusting, and feeling like a tourist was not so pleasant. All I can describe the feeling as is strange and new."
"If we’re honest with ourselves, we’re kind of embarrassed by the doctrine of hell. Most of us think that in order to be good evangelical Christians we need to believe it because Jesus and his followers talk about it quite a bit, but have we ever been passionate about hell like we are with the more palatable truths of the faith? Or perhaps, at times, do we think to ourselves that if we were in charge we could do a better job than God with this whole judgment thing? Even still, though we’ll admit that Rob Bell is wrong in his assessment of hell, are there occasions when we wish he were right about it not being eternal?"
"Two people valued it and bought out Carden’s inventory."
"All of this adds complexity upon complexity, unless of course you are the British MSM. Then all you have to do is plant the flag and talk in trite generalities, as does the Daily Mail today."
"But I've noticed something."
"Tess of the D’Urbervilles"
"Jayne Lewis from Mountain Goat shared her Rare Breed IPA after Kirrily had regaled us with tales of the original voyages to the Jewel in the Imperial Crown that first brought us this hoppy style. By now the audience was well refreshed and each brewer and her beer were welcomed warmly to the microphone. But the love for the Goat IPA was soon to be eclipsed by the Rock Star welcome reserved for Melbourne brewing identity and all-round-nice-girl, True South’s Sam Fuss."
"I read several articles this week that caused my heart to break. The news has been full of articles about the Secret Service scandal in Columbia and being the political nerd that I am, I’ve read quite a few. None of them affected me as much as these two:"
"For the first time, I went to a very dark place about it and I finally get it."
"Hello Carol,"
"I’m working on another blog. Hopefully I will launch it tomorrow and come here and tell you all about it. I’m very excited about it. Hoped to launch today, but…"
"The core competencies of AGS is to maintain a strong back office support for each customer engagement, this support includes the provision of expertise on demand, efficient root cause"
"fool can do. Love itself is what is left over when being in love has"
"Star Trek 2, aka The Wrath of Kahn, (not the new J.J. Abrams version in the works, which should be amazing) centers around the Genesis Device, a ‘weapon’ that destroys everything in a given area and forms a new planet. At the end of the movie the weapon is fired and the battered crew of the Enterprise witnesses the birth of the gensis planet."
"Just a few issues with it:"
"And, on top of this, I'd really like to start blogging again. Posts will probably be short and sweet again for a while, and maybe only here and there during the time that I start again, but I miss it. It's an outlet for creativity that I need- Not only posting, but taking some time to view all the great things everyone else completes."
"- 4 awesome hair accessories. 1 from Chocomint, and the other 3 handmade (all roses)."
"NOT to mention what the heck does a thief want with a snowman anyways? They are not exactly lightweight to carry. Remember how heavy those extra large snowballs are to heave up on top of each other? Did he run down the road with it in a wheelbarrow giggling to himself at his accomplishment? What did the neighbors think if they saw it happening? How drunk do you have to be to think it is a good idea? What is the payoff here? Did he think it was something else? Did he have a sick kid at home who wanted one and he was just too lazy to make it for him? Is there a snowman dealer somewhere waiting to fence it to someone else for a profit? Do they paint it with food coloring or something first to disguise it so the original owner won't be able to identify it? Are they going to break it down and sell it for parts?"
"we know now we won’t go"
"Kimmy Jaster a.k.a. Foreign Chocolate Correspondent"
"It also bodes well for the fortunes of the site (I hope) - the trip to Amsterdam were in the company of magazines and websites that I like to think off as ‘higher’ up the proverbial ladder. It’s not that healthy to think of one’s site in terms like that, but there are certain realities that many of my colleagues can understand – some sites, either by connections or raw “we’ve got more traffic than you”, get priority treatment over others. With everyone and their mum opening a videogames website, it’s expected, so it’s alright. Anyway, this marks the first time though we’ve been invited to a press preview overseas for a single game. It felt good, and it was a good trip – can’t really talk about what I saw or anything like that until Friday though, so perhaps I’ll do another blog post at the end of the week."
"‘Mr Lee is determined to protect his reputation and would take all necessary and appropriate steps to do so,‘ Mr Tan told The Straits Times."
"7 – Mirror Mirror – £437.356 – £6.627.586"
"Bboy Felix from Radikal Forze, Recoganize Studio (Singapore)"
"I often say that entertaining is the best motivation for decorating and that's definitely what happened with our dining room. We were hosting a New Year's Eve dinner at our house last year and were looking for a more formal option than having all our guests sit down at the breakfast nook. So we moved the farmhouse table into the dining room and converted the breakfast nook into a Starbucks-esque lounge nook with 2 big arm chairs. It is perfect for reading the morning paper or enjoying our breakfast."
"On Saturday, whilst I was drinking a regular bottle of Magners Irish Cider, and was taking a long full mouthful (whilst trying not to spurt it out at the same time) as our daughter remarks “oh no, you’re gonna be crazy drinking that!”"
"Oh, this interview also explains his run in with the Michigan DNR that led to him putting down his own pigs, and equally insane events on his game ranch in Texas."
"I never thought much about military types and when I did, it was not good. My assumption was that they were less intelligent than I was and far more prone to senseless violence. My parent’s moderate social and environmental activism had inadvertently bred in me the idea I was above war-like behavior despite the fact that my father had served in the army himself before going to college."
"Sweet potato casserole (prepped and ready to go into the oven for 30 minutes)"
"Specifically, “I am worthy”. “I am not worthy” has been holding me back. I am not good enough, I will be found out, I will be laughed at, I will be judged, where is it me doing the judging, and in anticipation, and far more harshly than other people would."
"One of the most distracting things for me is to be reading a novel and suddenly read a passage that is factually incorrect. Last night I wrote several paragraphs on my NaNo story. During the night several questions about Corvettes went through my head, such as “Do they have spare tires?” Any Corvette owner knows that I discovered that they don’t."
"Wholesale orders are still being taken."
"I can happily look at pictures of fruits and veggies but it does not mean the same to me as reading about and seeing what happens in the gardens of Chickory. Had Chickory not written her posts about chickens in the gardens or teaching dogs not to eat chickens or trample veggies or how to sky rocket the hawks away from her flocks, or life within the gray truck empire would we be engaged in this life story?"
"I have nothing personal against dugouts. Estonia was the last European country to continue to build them, and my ancestors come from the border region of Estonia and Latvia."
"Just keep in mind what it that creating and do your best to add a theme to show consistency so there’s little feelings of clutter and mess and that’ll polish any artwork off with a tad more professionalism. Once you do that, the content of the artwork is entirely up to you. As stated earlier, I’m using a thought bubble and clouds to give my art piece a theme of “thought” and that’s how my work will keep consistent and professional. As much as I just go and do things on this paper, I don’t go too far off on a tangent or people will miss the point entirely."
"Is all over me."
"But, just like in RM there should be continuous effects. Those spite points are now bleeding, and you take that amount of damage, every round. Now, let's get on with the crits and fumbles."
"However, somehow, we lost our way during the recipe and the outcome was not exactly what we'd hoped for. It is possible (but I am not pointing fingers), that my sous chef engaged in some improvisations that she declined to share with me."
"I’ll be “going dark” for most of November, in an effort to get the first draft of the novel finished, so please accept my apologies while “service is temporarily disrupted”. Normal blog service will resume in December…"
"I remember when I first started reading blogs and I discovered Paris Parfait. I used to lurk and admire, too shy to leave a comment (why in the world would she want to hear from me?) and enjoy her photos of Paris to give me endless daydreams. And then I started coming more and more for the writing and the poems and the wonderful intellect behind the words."
"I have had so much fun doing this makeover, but I guess I had better start thinking about studying for my exam...hmmm maybe I will start that tomorrow;)"
"Writing the Vision"
"Grannie's house is always full,"
"At its core \"Sirens of Titan\" is a concept novel with its primary mission being to force the reader in personal re-examination. Telling the story is second to the theme. Perhaps why both plot and characters are sacrificed as means for Vonnegut to get his point across. It's a strength and a weakness, when re-evaluating \"Sirens of Titan\" and its status as a classic."
"“What value is there in having so many psychiatrists/psychologists on the MRC group who will determine which research proposals get a share of the 1.5 million.” Sue Howley, London; sick for 3 years"
"Acts 27:25"
"1/4 tsp Baking powder"
"Cute, huh? And really good prices, too."
"hubbkf and i celebrated 27 years of wedded bliss on saturday…we had a lovely, lovely day…actually, it’s been a lovely, lovely life together…oh, yes we’ve had our *difficult* stages, but hey…all in all, i can’t imagine my life with somebody else…guess i feel like alfred does towards leann…and i hope hubbkf can appreciate that sentiment…"
"Alison Snow, chair of the 50th annual Friends of the Sierra Madre Library Art Fair is excited to announce that our featured artist is Carolyn Grantham Gravatte, a long-time resident and painter of Sierra Madre. Carolyn studied at Otis Art Institute and received early training with master Fine Art painter Theo Heep of Germany and Sculpture Instructor Elizabeth Johnson of Monrovia. An accredited teacher of Sculpture, Drawing and Painting, Gravatte taught Portrait and Figure Sculpture and Oil Painting for many years, establishing the Monrovia Sculpture Workshop. She has been an artist for over fifty years."
"60H - 7.51 - Aries Merritt, Tennessee - '06"
"\"So?\""
"This is what I was pondering today as I did my 4 miler through town... I think it's pretty easy to be contemplative today given that it's the 9 year anniversary of 9/11. After watching some tributes this morning and shedding some tears in memory of the events of that day, I decided to go out and enjoy the beautiful fall New England weather. Plus, I had to run. :) No choice when you're training for a race!"
"Truth be told, I don’t even know what the heck a Fava Bean is…. I live in rural Texas…. around here, Pinto Beans rule the roost."
"Also the issue of the value of feedback and"
"So when I say that it was 'easy' to make the transition to a plant-based diet, I say that with a ton of asterisks attached. I lived a life prior and had some hardships prior that MADE it a no-brainer. I had two choices before me."
"This is Sara and her boyfriend Jake,"
"A donation box will be sitting beside me, and anyone who feels inspired to feed the artist are invited to give anything they can. Crafts, second hand books, and writing handouts or booklets can also be purchased after the session."
"I started by making a list of all of the things that Abe and Che had in common, which turned out to be a great deal. For starters they were both men, both bearded, and both instantly recognizable. But more importantly, both were legendary and highly controversial political figures who fought for the radical social restructuring of a nation, both remain heroes and symbols of the struggle for freedom from tyranny and oppression, both were intellectuals and authors, both were key figures in major military campaigns, and of course both were assassinated. Wow. There was a lot of material to work with. I also learned a few other things in doing my research, like the fact that there is a modest body of scholarship that suggests Lincoln was gay. Interesting. All very interesting. Here is the 2nd page of 4, by the way:"
"I'm starting my new job next week, and unfortunately between scrambling around trying to cover our bills 'til I'm being paid again, being mostly broke, getting ready for the new job, and just life in general at the moment; we haven't had any time (or money) to prep, and won't be able to have any time to prep before we'd have to go, and would only be able to get there Saturday (or maybe late Friday night)."
"In this way, and by no other means, our governments are given that special kind of “secular democratic sanctity” that endows modern governments and states with moral authority."
"Why, yes, this is a post about the restroom. How did you guess?"
"I am now desperate to read Tomalin’s other biographies, especially Charles Dickens and Mrs Jordan."
"I am so excited to post that we are expecting our 4th little baby! I can't wait to meet the new little one. I am 2 months pregnant and feeling very yucky. I think this is the nastiest I have ever felt, but I am to excited about the new little one that I really don't care to much. Lincoln and I have been trying for 10 months with no luck and decided it was time to go to the doctor. Come to find out I am not ovulating at all, so I went on a couple different pills trying to get me going and our first try it worked."
"Each of those provisions involves a separate legal analysis, meaning that the Supreme Court could end up upholding some of the provisions but not others."
"First, I spotted the adorable Dorothy pump with its tickly little leather+fur flower and charming barbershop-pole striped wooden heel. So cute! So furry! Then, OH GLORY:"
"This is a most self-serving and irresponsible statement, not to mention dangerous."
"First recorded as the Cailleach Bhéarra of the Beara peninsula in southern Ireland, she was once revered across Ireland and Scotland. Commonly associated with wild nature and landscape, in the Western Isles, the Cailleach is credited with creating Scotland’s elemental fringes (including the Hebrides)."
"Helen Mirren is always ab fab darling! You really can't see she's 65 years old. Especially not in this gunmetal Vivienne Westwood creation. We love that she's taken a chance and gone with a designer you see very rarely at the Oscars. All hail the Queen."
"Honorable daughter number two sleeps with her cell phone Scotch-taped to her ear, so I called and advised her to search Emily's clothing from the last three days, conveniently still located on the floor of her room. The license was located, and as I returned to the Buffalo-Niagara International Airport I reviewed all the things I would like to say to the little darling. \"You remembered your puppy but not your license?\" \"Maybe if you'd packed last night instead of ten minutes before leaving...\" \"Did you make sure you brought your brain? I'll wait while you check.\" I pulled up to the terminal where she was waiting, looking forlorn. \"There you go. Have a good flight. Love you\", was all that came out. All that rehearsing, for nothing. Oh bother. She smiled and ran into the airport, and I drove home. Again."
"Luckily though, Isaac and I decided to drive down to Federal Way, a town we hadn’t yet explored, and one that is only about 15 miles away. As we usually do before such an adventure, we Googled the town to see what interesting things it has to offer."
"On the one hand, the Cabinet is said to have been divided on the caste issue when it was first raised following the announcement by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the floor or Parliament. On the other hand, the main opposition party, the BJP, which seemed to be in favour of the decision intially, is having second thoughts, too."
"Slice the sponge cake into two layers with a sharp knife or cake saw."
"A generation that will attack"
"January 2008"
"“Jennifer doesn’t reside here, but it is good to see you have arrived. After your woman’s visit today I hoped you would” he said with a widening of that smile so off and so far beyond either eerie or surreal. The door swung wider and he stepped aside with a horrible grace to the smallest nod of his head."
"I laid the rolling pin just where her neck meets her shoulder and started gently rolling up and down."
"I will be back to post a goodie or funny soon!"
"I could not possibly review every company I come across and if I am considering a particular company which had not come under my radar, I normally wait at least six to twelve months. Most of the reviews on the POD, Self Publishing & Independent Publishing are generally on companies which have been in business for several years."
"Spiderman in the Flesh – The Rebel"
"Because the story was told in multiple POVs, I never got attached to the characters. A little bit, but not much. It switched around a lot. I know some readers don't like that, and sometimes neither do I, but I think because of the way the book was written that it worked. The book was told from Kayla, Gabie, Drew, and the villain's point of view. I think there were only four perspectives, but I could be wrong. So there were at least four different POVs. And I never felt particularly connected to the characters, but I really wanted to know what had happened to Kayla and if she was going to make it out alive."
"“They were calling us Asian dogs and pussies while they were beating us. When my friend tried to wipe blood from his nose, a teenaged girl stuffed my friend’s mouth with her tampon removed from her pants.”"
"I don't know much about the sets these are from, but this first one is from 1939 so the war had just begun, but not for the US yet where the set was printed. They seem to be pretty rare and auctions at real auction houses usually have full sets going for outrageous prices."
"Have you figured it out yet? What belongs in the valley and what doesn’t? Warning: you can be trapped in the valley, but you can never escape!"
"The surfer girl behind the counter appeared to be in shock. The others – a scrawny old woman, a poor fucker in a wheelchair – cowered from the robbers, but that black woman stood ramrod straight, only her wide eyes giving away her fear."
"For those not familiar with Apple Butter, it is similar to apple sauce but thicker and richer in flavour. What would you use it for? Well, here is a short list:"
"The most bandages applied"
"Location: Dare County, NC"
"“Yeah. We all are,” Chris said."
"‘Forgotten wh...’"
"Actual photos of goofy Siamese-twin AR-15 setup are out. Sure to be included as an option in the next Call of Duty upgrade and the talk of every gun shop commando BECAUSE ISRAELI!"
"I went and brought back the flogger I had ordered. It was the simplest possible model, basically a handle with a chrome wrist-chain at one end, and a gathering of suede strands about eight inches long at the other."
"The actual romantic fashion a fantastic girls outfit upper body muscle tissues draped, it truly is ideal to participate in inside nice modest clothing patty. Tiny belly design, invisible Xiao Dudu’s extra fat. Highly processed three-dimensional small wedding bouquets in the middle of chiffon about the top, actually nice attractiveness lady they type furthermore. Upper body sprained gown, performs very well that includes a brief head of hair jumper as well as dressed in alone, are the United States. In winter ice and snow, you will always be your current envy of everybody ohio full. If you want this sort of, this is the particular Belstaff Outdoor jackets Selling."
"In light of this information, a person with a breezy disposition would an uptight harridan, and something that’s “a breeze” would be hard enough to blow you away. “The test was a breeze” no longer seems to make sense, but saying, “the test was a light air movement” loses something in the translation. I’ve always been a stickler for using words properly, but breeze is such a light, breezy word, that I will probably continue to use it the way I always have, to mean a gentle air current, something easy, or someone cheerful and free."
"The real temple area – the Sanctuary – was for ritually pure priests and Levites. Nice music, prayer and sweet smelling incense for them only."
"Speaking of surprises, this lily just bloomed today in front of the garden shed. Gorgeous!"
"For his actions that day, Captain Freeman was awarded the distinguished Flying Cross, but the men who were there, including the commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel Bruce Crandall, felt a still higher honor was called for. Through the unremitting efforts of Lieutenant Colonel Crandall and many others and the persuasive weight from Senator John McCain, the story now comes to its rightful conclusion."
"Break again, Little Lottie"
"No we are not making candy today (although have you SEEN some of the almond joy recipes floating around the internet these days....mmmmm....)."
"Hands down the best food I have had in Amsterdam so far. Flo is a French Brasserie concept restaurant, with plenty of fresh seafood and typical French dishes, the food is excellent quality with excellent presentation. The restaurant has a great atmosphere and really gives the busy Parisian bistro vibe, best of all is the gorgeous art nouveau setting."
"I often get non-fiction, crafty, gardeny, chook sheddy, books out of the library, thinking \"that would good to do\" and then never do whatever is contained in the book (we still don't have a vege garden or a chook shed)."
"Overall the costs are not competitive for an author looking at Choice Publishing and with so many limitations, this company might be far wiser looking at some form of author bespoke service. This is disappointing as there are simply are not enough Irish companies offering a wide range of services to authors. Choice Publishing does have a lot going for them, but a serious revision of their packages is needed."
"I haven't had much time to blog since the turn of the year due to the ever increasing level of demand were experiencing, brewing/racking/bottling most week days & now most weekends it seems."
"At least we've got St Patty's day to look forward to on Saturday. Anyone have some good Irish recipes to share? I'm looking for a relatively easy version of Corned Beef and Cabbage."
"Jim O'Rourke - Long Night (2008). From O'Rourke's experimental side, this is a single work split into two parts, each about an hour and 20 minutes long. While I like it, I'm not sure that I got enough out of it to justify the time I put into it."
"Thank you Sara! These shoes are great!"
"In Perelandra by CS Lewis, the main character feels rage at the Devil, who has taken over a human being and is tempting a new Eve on Venus. And he has the sense that this is what anger is for, that this anger is pure and right and this energy invigorates him."
"Pappy spoke up again, “Can either of you fellas fly one of them whirlybirds?”"
"The things that make a part of MMA training are mouth guards, head guards , various kinds of pads like for knee, wrist, elbow, training pads, groin protectors, hand wraps, gloves, shorts etc. A gym bag for carrying all the training equipment is a must have accessory that every MMA player must buy but before buying it must be made sure that it is long lasting and strong."
"Add the water and coconut milk, stir and close with a lid. Let it cook for about 5 to 6 minutes on medium-high heat."
"There are lots of guidelines - which lots of people treat as immutable laws - like 'show don't tell' and 'don't use 'was'' and so on. There are lots of distractions, like 'use 12 pt Times Roman' (I have never submitted a MS in 12pt Times Roman, and I have never had one rejected because it was in the wrong font). If I tell Adrian how I write, he might think that's my prescription for successful writing. It's not. It's possibly a very bad way to write - for other people. But it works for me. He will have his own way of writing that works for him. So much for the activity of writing - I'm not going to say 'you have to have a detailed plan' or 'never write a detailed plan'. But what I want to get Adrian to do, when I talk to him about his novel, is to understand what he is writing and how it works or could work. So I ask him questions like 'who is the narrator?' It is an omniscient narrator. 'Does this narrator have a character? Is he/she reliable? How do you switch between points of view? What are your main character's flaws? Which of his opinions do you share and which not? How does he change during the course of the book? Why?' And so on."
"We had the best time! The weekend flew by, as great times often do. I was absolutely worn out after fun with friends, but it was so worth it. This couple is so amazing and we are anticipating even better times ahead at their wedding next year!"
"13. Out of Tune"
"Mouth"
"I was told many years ago that an equipment operator is only as good as the equipment he or she runs. This is true, not only in design, but also in their ability to deal with outside the design circumstance."
"Also something I just saw in a post from a new station I follow; they asked if people would ever consider re-electing Portland mayor Sam Adams. I noticed that most of them didn’t, but it was the reasons that disturbed me. Back in the start of his campaigning, he was caught having a relationship with a 17 year old man. Now normally people would head to prison for that, but he was elected anyway and has served four years. A vast majority of people have said no because he is gay and had the relationship. Now I will agree that the relationship was very wrong and inappropriate, but just because he is gay is not a reason. One guy went as far as saying, “Not that flamer, I want a real man in office.” That comment sent me over the top."
"Having not seen any episodes from any of The Inbetweeners three previous seasons this was the first time I had been introduced to Will, Simon, Jay and Neil, your classic teen geeks, in the same vein as Sheldon and the boys from Big Bang but 100x more hilarious and innapropriate."
"Today, I'm not so sure."
"I told the kids about the origins of my new milkshake line—"
"Cut off the top quarter of the bell peppers, remove seeds."
"In an attempt to keep fuel on the poetry fire, I have become a total inspiration junkie. Today, I can't get enough of San Francisco's Colette Calascione and her surrealist paintings."
"I hope you had time to sew this week."
"Episode 4 aka The Final Installment will be coming up next. Don’t say I didn’t warn you that there would be a lot of pictures and posts! We had a blast so there is just a lot to say and a ton of pictures!"
"For your inspiration we have the following from the DT ladies and our guest DT June:"
"Three new independent organs will be created –"
"I use a Canon EOS 40D. Canon has an Av setting (Nikon has A I believe) for aperture. So, put your camera in ‘creative mode’, the mode that lets you choose other settings than the ‘automatic’ ones and choose the Av or A setting (or whatever it is on your camera). You can now adjust the width of your lens opening and your camera will choose a shutter speed that allows enough light into the camera to get a well lit photo. I can do this by turning one of the wheels on my camera. Check your manual how to adjust it on your camera."
"Further, in light of the Dutch Heineken decision, trade mark owners may want to consider contractual arrangements to look for an angle to pursue SCPs which supply infringing third parties with services in the future, although trade mark rights will still be enforceable against the customers of those SCPs, which should ensure that infringing goods can be prevented from reaching the market."
"I padded barefoot across the wooden floorboards in the dark, round to the bathroom, and through the doorway onto the cool tiles, closing the door behind me. As usual I didn't bother to flick the light switch just outside the door: the small halogen light Rachel fixed to the cistern for nighttime toilet trips like this would be enough, and anyway I'd be sitting down; less chance of a stray splash that way."
"Penny Pritzker, mother of subprime lenders, the woman whose bank was seized in 2001, the woman who owes the federal government nearly a half billion dollars, and just one more of Barack Obama’s dubious friends has turned down the opportunity to be Barack Obama’s Department of Commerce honcho. That was wise of her because I just don’t think, CNN and MSNBC aside, America was going to stand for an appointment of this character. I covered this idea here this morning. I just find it unbelievable that this woman’s name would even land in the hat for ANY appointment."
"I’ve also endured comments like, “Do you take your dog EVERYWHERE?” when I bring Dog along to pick up a kid from a playdate or a birthday party or as Dog and I wait in the carpool lane at school. And, my answer is, “Yes, I do take him everywhere I can.\" He loves to be with me and will go anywhere I want and be a happy, pleasant companion, which is more than I can say for other members of my immediate family who I cannot mention."
"“We have deputed a team of experts to conduct an inquiry to ascertain the reasons behind the unnatural death of fishes,” Deputy Chief Minister B M Lanong said. While the report is expected to be submitted within this week, the DyCM who is also in charge of Mining and Geology did not rule out the possibility of exploratory drilling for uranium in upstream areas of the river. Government scientists also feared that the fish were poisoned either by miscreants throwing poison in the river or unscientific mining."
"Thanking Him for allowing me to right my wrongs ... again and again."
"Tip #5: Commit to ongoing policy support Installing the executive benefits program is just the beginning. Ongoing support helps to make sure the program is running like a well-oiled machine. It’s important to work with a provider who offers ongoing support that is personalized, knowledgeable, and customer-centric."
"“Umm… Yeah.” I said looking at my watch, clearly nervous."
"Box:"
"Humanity is in a hopeful transition of change. It’s sunlight to our souls."
"It’s not exactly mind blowing is it? Sometimes fans need to trust the board and I think sometimes the board need to be a little stronger in the backing of “the bright new hope”. For what it’s worth, I believe Blackburn will stay up, hopefully with Kean in charge. The scorpions “Wind of Change” is now going round my head and this time it has nothing to do with Brussel Sprouts!"
"Doors Open Denver welcomes you into Denver’s most notable buildings. This FREE annual event provides the public a free all-access pass to experience Denver’s architecture and design at its best while exploring our most distinctive buildings. Our theme for 2012 was “Denver Landmarks” and will feature some of the greatest memories of Denver embedded in all of these sites."
"Due to popular demand (yeah, that means you, Russ), and the fact I did say I'd come back to this, I suppose I'd better pop up some notes on a beer that used to be my regular tipple every time I visited the local dive bar* in my wife's home town: Schwaben Bräu Das Schwarze. Beautiful looking, isn't it? But how does it taste?"
"Proving that gore and eyebrows can live together in cinematic harmony is one thing, but does The New York Ripper work as a gripping thriller? Yes and no. Remove the attributes I just mentioned, and all you're left with a pretty standard murder mystery. For example, the stuff revolving around the police investigation, as is usually the case with movies like this, was pretty tedious. Yet, when you take in account the New York setting (lots of great shots of 42nd Street in all its sleazy glory), its generous throng of Italian actresses, and the fact that the killer talks like duck, the film starts to get more and more interesting by the minute."
"Some recent additions to the list include triterpenes isolated from Manihot esculenta, a plant found in the Surinam rain forest, and from Ligulariopsis shichuana, a plant used in traditional Chinese medicine to bring down inflammation."
"2. Highlight Detailing in Your Dress The length and material of the veil can be used to highlight certain parts of the wedding dress. The eye is drawn to the point where the veil ends. For example, a short shoulder length veil is ideal for accenting an elaborate neckline. If a dress has lace or detailed embroidery, a plain sheer veil may show the dress at its best advantage."
"“Yes in KL but I’m from the United States.”"
"There were so many things I needed to know, how to fix a car, how to lie. My mother taught me how to put on eyeliner without smudging it, but life was going to take more than that."
"Can he keep up the charade of marriage with a woman who has no idea the love of her life is a sham?"
"My oldest son Sam's radio story \"Unschooled\" will be airing today (his 17th birthday) on NPR's All Things Considered the last 10 minutes of the hour. It's up online in print (audio later) on the All Things Considered web site http://www.npr.org/2011/06/06/137009154/unschooled-how-one-kid-is-grateful-he-stayed-home"
"~try the store brand. Even if you are hooked on a national brand - sometimes the store brands taste better - shop around!"
"The ideas are criminally creative, the photography is cute and clever and the directions are concise and thorough. The author, Jessie Oleson is a ninja: a writer, illustrator, gallery owner and EVIL GENIUS residing in Seattle. You can check out her blog here. Her recipies range from funny treats to seasonal show stoppers. I can't wait to make her rainbow layer cake!"
"Several hours later at the Wild West Show, Carolee is working on her act. Jonah realizes that the men terrorizing the show won't show up again as long as he is around. A couple of rodeo clowns walk by and Jonah hatches a plan. Starbuck is talking to Carolee about how she is going to be a big star and that she will soon be their #1 attraction!"
"In any other sport these men would have the Lakers, Cowboys, Yankees, and other top teams bidding wildly for their services. When Mo Greene retired you would have thought that sprinters with the talent of Wallace Spearmon, Xavier Carter, Darvis Patton, Mike Rodgers, and Ivory Williams would be lined up doing what Mo Greene did in 1996 - asking Smith to teach him how to be a champion. I mean, wouldn't YOU take a chance on the coach of champions such as Steve Lewis (Olympic gold and silver), Quincy Watts (Olympic gold), and Mo Greene (Olympic gold and bronze, along with four World gold)? Yet, since Greene's retirement the top male sprinters have chosen to go elsewhere to learn their craft - only in track and field. Yet if there's any question that Smith still has \"it\" look no further than Carmelita Jeter who took advantage of that \"opening\" and this season became #2 all time in the women's 100!"
"with liquid applique. I stamped the sentiment"
"A theme running through a lot of the presentations is that there is still a good number of questions to entertain the CJEU in relation to this \"wretched regulation\". This was graphically illustrated by Patricia Cappuyns (Olswang), who noted that even courts in the same territory (the lively jurisdiction of Belgium in this case) can \"politely disagree\" on the interpretation of the regulation, never mind courts in different jurisdictions."
"1T lime juice"
"While not 'architectural,' really - though I'm reminded of Norman Foster's assertion that the 747 airplane is the single most important architectural design of the 20th century (giving a whole new perspective to September 11th: it was an architectural competition, and the skyscraper lost) - two architectural suggestions for stopping time are as follows:"
"10 CC Donna UK"
"Recipes:"
"Flavor: The Barest hint of a malty middle in the center of the mouth, with a long, dry finish."
"One thing I am also free of is the Vicodin - no that it did much for me anyway. I appear to be in that subset of the human race that does not get loopy on the stuff. Both my parents cautioned me strongly against getting hooked on it, and hey, my dad should definitely know, but it didn't even get its hooks in me to begin with. Only real painkiller for me was rest and less stress, I guess. No, I will not be passing out those little blue pills along with our Almond Joys."
"Oh, but that is my job. And as my dad would put it, in an utterly un-fluffy or overly philosophical way, “suit up and show up,” it’s almost spring break after all. And, that’s good advice too."
"-run a load of laundry"
"Hope you all had a lovely Christmas, as we did. It went far too quickly and we ate too much, as usual. I will not make another New Years Resolution to lose weight, as I did last year, as I will probably not live up to it, just as I didn't last time."
"Moffat, you have such brilliant moments of awesome, and then you somehow drop the ball, leaving us confused and hanging without wrapping it all up. It’s wonderful to bring up new story questions throughout a series, we want that! But when you put up the plates to spin, you must bring them down by the end of the story (i.e. the season finale). Otherwise, your audience feels cheated. You know this, so stop doing it. We’re still wondering what/who blew up the TARDIS last year?? Bring down the plates!"
"ARG! We interrupt this blog post to report another strong evidence of Groovy's mediocrity at blogging. She can upload pics. But can she arrange them and put them where she wants them in the post? NOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"I mean, you always see just that one 'must have' colour, and new ones keep on coming!"
"very SPECIAL day!!"
"R12- 2sc in each sc (12) Mark Row, Change to shirt color"
"The RGB has scheduled two upcoming public hearings during which the public will be able to testify and weigh in on the adopted and proposed renewal lease guidelines. Details on the Brooklyn-based hearing is below—"
"Silky, sable hairs tremble sweetly to the rhythm of the dance..."
"They are offering our readers a discount too!"
"Nearly 400,000 low-income children—a bit more than half of all students—will also be eligible for vouchers to attend private schools. State officials estimate that about 2,000 students will use vouchers this September given private-school capacity limits, but that tens of thousands will do so over time."
"my miracle of love you are NOT A SIN."
"Combine sugars and milk in heavy saucepan. Bring to boil over medium heat, stirring constantly."
"may go swift and far."
"“Charlotte, I need you to answer the question.”"
"* compliment me to keep me happy but criticize me to keep me insecure"
"When we find a fruit that we like, we buy double and freeze some. This is a good thing now, in March, while we are running out of canned foods and there are still a couple of weeks before the markets are back in full swing."
"Traditional Molten Cake = 376 calories, 24 carbs, 3.5g fiber"
"At Gowanus, Toll Brothers planned to stop building a $250 million development if the designation were approved, and when it was, they did. The Bloomberg administration was not pleased."
"In the meantime, our Heroes will continue suffering and dying, waiting for a little help from the country that praised their service, then forgot about them."
"Or tune in to reality TV,"
"The Doctor classes the Monk a Time Meddler and berates him for breaking the golden rule. \"Never, never interfere.\" To which the Monk replies \"And who says so!\" Indeed he does! The Monk's intentions are finally revealed when he admits that he wants to improve things, speed them up! Make Harold King, change the course of history, to have jet planes by the 13th century and enable Shakespeare to do Hamlet on television."
"Pépé le Moko (France…Julien Duvivier)"
"What the NYPD is doing is evil and it must be stopped. They are merely armed thugs."
"But for once in my life I went into something"
"I still remembered how I felt the first time I read that post--I have never felt more affected and more emotionally engaged by a single post before. Perhaps it was because I, too, am a mother to a daughter only a few years older than Abbey. But I'm quite sure it was Angela's words--every single one of them mirroring my own feelings for my daughter--written so beautifully, that drew me in. Words I've been wishing to tell my daughter but had never been able to (and probably never could) express so eloquently."
"Yesterday was Coastal Clean-up Day. Volunteers along the Panhandle turned out to pick up trash on our beaches. This little shore bird wants to extend its thanks for everyone who helped make our environment just a little bit better and our beaches just a little more beautiful."
"Where the trees look like this ..."
"16.FAITH \"No Choice\""
"In his review for the article, Garrett Oliver, who is an internationally recognized expert on beer, brewmaster of the Brooklyn Brewery and author of The Brewmaster’s Table observed: “This beer has an attractive orange-amber color underneath a tight, off-white foam. The aroma is earth, nutty, and musty, with mild notes of fruit and mint. The bitterness stands up front on the palate, broad and brash, before the full-bodied malts pull the beer back into balance. Hop bitterness lingers after a long finish.”"
"“Have you finished your vegetables yet?” A well-trained geronto-llamacologist will encourage a patient to dig into his past in order to relate to the world around him."
"Number One Nemesis wouldn't be the first Chanel Graphite-esque polish in my stash; that spot is taken by Revlon Carbonite (I did a comparison with that last year). I was curious to see how close this new contender came. Left to right below: OPI, Chanel, OPI, Chanel."
"Say Sorry Again"
"The costs of litigation, like profits lost to infringement, reduce the value of IP as an incentive to innovate. Bessen and Meurer calculate that lawsuits cost infringers, on average, US$500k in legal fees. However, the negative impact on stock market value means that these firms lose on average US$28.7M. With Ford, they argue that NPEs create billions of dollars of lost wealth which is not transferred to innovators. The success of NPE litigation increases incentives for broad, low-quality patents and therefore decreases the ability of patents to incentivise innovation."
"This was an even more deadly poison, our enemies knew from history that nothing undermines a society as effectively as does multiculturalism. Hence they cynically recast the melting pot as grail of our age."
"So, healthy milkshake or naughty smoothie? Your call."
"And the tag line?"
"Barium What Doctors do when patients die"
"I'm entering this in the Flourish's Timeless Tuesday Challenge this week to incorporate red on your card. You can find the challenge here on their website."
"Which LBD are you going to wear this year?"
"That's right; these are not ninjas in Zombie Vs Ninja. All that we have here are a bunch of pajama-clad clods jumping about, swinging their weapons and throwing their smoke bombs in the woods. Nope, even the guys that have \"NINJA\" written across their heads aren't ninjas. Not even a little bit - I'M more of a ninja than these guys!"
"In honor of National Grilled Cheese Day, I poured a beer in honor of my mother. I toasted her, \"Prost, Mutti!\" and proceeded to mac down on a gloriously gooey and crisp sandwich."
"“Whenever you are gathering data, it is a potential business model,” Seaman noted to RT. “You can sell it to the government or privately held security companies and make money over it, so it is a revenue stream.”"
"Better get a wriggle on, the weather is looking rather promising today so we're going to take the kids to watch the 'Unders v Overs' end of season rugby do, and then off to the pub for a quick half or two afterwards."
"Nothing is what it seems."
"Spanish Festivals and Traditions is an invaluable, time-saving book, providing intercultural ideas for every month of the year. For each festival and tradition you will find background information, key vocabulary, detailed lists of possible teaching activities and optional age-appropriate photocopiable sheets."
"Well, it turns out I don't actually want 'Me' time at all."
"A checklist, for those of you that are interested..."
"Today, when you seek God’s strength for yourself, for your church, for your loved ones…"
"Because……"
"That being said, here’s the way I see it:"
"What to do with it? I love using it to make rhubarb soda. Or add a little to lemonade (my boys love this) or iced tea. Drizzle over vanilla ice cream. Or ... vodka and a sprig of basil would be good!"
"“The lion of Judah tribe has triumphed.” – Also in memory of King Menelek II of Ethiopia and the year 1889."
"In large bowl with electric mixer, cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Add eggs one at a time. Mix in vanilla."
"& I can still hear"
"So if you are already a member of the group, that is great. If you are not then head on over and check it out. Bring a friend or two and have them join in the fun as well."
"Do you prefer listening to music when you write? Do you have a Script Frenzy playlist? If so, blog about it and post the link in the comments. If you listen to a particular album, let me know – I’m always on the lookout for new music, and I’d love to hear what inspires you."
"Cost? Who knows, I'm bringing my koozie as a ticket."
"The other Spice Girls hold no mystery for me. Baby Spice? Next! Oh yeah, Ginger Spice? Really? Scary Spice. Don’t I know you? You remind me of a teacher I had in high school. Anyway, the other “Girls” seem less interesting to me, less intriguing. They seem to lack any special powers."
"That they sat down,"
"Verses 13 – 34 hits a little too close to home. One of my biggest problems is how much I love money - what I can buy with it, spending it, and why I wish I had more of it. So when reading about storing treasure for yourself, it’s hard to swallow. I wonder why at this point in my life, I cannot have my cake and eat it too."
"2010.08.07 Iraq Garma 3 15 al-Qaeda militants detonate a bomb outside a home, killing three residents."
"I will be the proud owner of a £20 book token, just as soon as they get it delivered!"
"by Howard Dembovsky"
"And what have I come back with? £8.50 worth of vinyl from no less than three car boot sale visits. I'm easily pleased!"
"“Nothing is more relaxing in my eyes than getting passed the break and cruising along the beach line looking in,” added Cenicola. “And then laying out in the kayak, letting the ocean tide drift you.”"
"To maximise the protest we will aim to have as many groups as possible calling Atos at different times in the run up to Christmas. We’ll maintain a list here and on facebook to try and help co-ordinate times/dates and see if we can keep the phonelines buzzing daily in the run up to Christmas. Please contact us by leaving details in the comments, on facebook at: http://www.facebook.com/events/281777128534663/ or emailing us at: notowelfarecuts@yahoo.co.uk"
"Neighing with excitement and fear,"
"After that, we worked with modeling clay. First they sketched out ideas of what they wanted to do in clay. After their juices were flowing, they build lovely things like this alligator. We set them up under a lamp and darkened the room so they could see the shadows on their pieces, and they drew them again - so they could remember! Tons of fun. Hard to get them out of the classroom once our time was up."
"First I can take my favorite medicine, Nyquil. Taking it with some alcoholic beverage is even better. Rum works great, beer is just fine, and you want to talk about SLEEP! When the Lord said \"Let there be sleep\", that's what he was talking about. Not to mention that I have an excuse to sleep in the guest bedroom. Every married man and even guys with girlfriends will admit, Sunday night through Thursday night, sleeping alone is Great! You can make all the noise you want, and sprawl out. Oh it's real."
"So, what do you do with the stuff, besides lick it off a spoon? Following are some of my favorite ways to savor this creamy, ginger-bready delicacy:"
"Telephone : 0114 242 0716"
"7 – 8 p.m.– Opening Reception and Welcome"
"Our soloist is a 19-year-old young man who can relate to you the nature of this concerto with the heart of someone much older and wiser. He'll talk to you about Dvorak's personal life and then jump out of his seat, run over to his cello leaning in the corner and say, \"Listen to this passage. This is exactly what I'm talking about!\" And then on the fly, he'll play notes that will rip your heart out."
"THE CLASSY, GENTLEMANLY, AND MATURE ME"
"I want to be the one to drive my daughter to Payless for new ballet flats. I want to sit by my son’s side as we visit the first potential college he may want to see. I do not want to be TOLD about these things later, I want to be there in the present."
"They quickly become a favorite couple of E!’s reality television shows. They have the most desirable relationship, to me at least, because they are so real with each other even when most couples fall apart in front of the media, it seems to keep them more down to earth than ever (which is impressive)."
"The biceps"
"But let's take a look at how the relationships of Jack and Kate and Sawyer and Kate could be said to respectively represent the two different types of romance - the sensational and modern versus the subtle and classic."
"--Capital Paint & Decorating"
"AliWangWang is a feature you can use on Taobao to chat with the seller inquiring about their produtcs or bargain on purchasing items. Most buyers want to chat with the seller before buying to increase safety and confidence, although this might not always guarantee it. I haven't personally used AliWangWang, and don't actually know how to use it, but I haven't had the need to use it because my agent usually takes care of everything."
"Now you’ve had a brief introduction to the team, it’s time to talk turkey. This was Thunder’s first year as a team. They had a bit of a shaky start, having a hard time for the first few tournaments. Eventually their training and hard practices paid off, as Thunder handily won the league, outperforming the other teams. Then, at the Kick Or Treat Tournament Diablo FC hosted, where the players must wear a costume to play, Thunder went out in full Rock Star fashion; painted faces, dazzling smiles and special uniforms, placing second."
"nothing but me"
"Love Is A Rose"
"1 tbsp dry yeast"
"But, back to the recipe."
"We wear the mask."
"Describe your typical writing routine, do you have any writers quirks or any writing rituals?"
"To those who understood my post for what it was thank you for your understanding."
"In this case, the St. Croix Heritage Dancers were performing accompanied by one of the street bands at an evening festival in Christiansted. The light, the mid-street venue, and the music made for a surreal mixture of the old and the new."
"Ruvo just announced that he recruited Nobel Prize laureate Dr. Stanley Prusiner as the chairman of the center’s scientific advisory board. Ruvo says he has been able to recruit great scientists because of the allure of Nevada’s weather, cheap housing and no state income tax. Nevertheless, many of the Cleveland Clinic researchers seem to be there for short visits, preferring to call Cleveland, Ohio, home. Most of the early accolades at the center have been for its patient care, something high on Ruvo’s agenda since his depressing experience with his own father. Gazing at the Gehry-designed building, Ruvo declares, “I hope that what happens in Vegas … benefits the world. Vegas can bring attention to this disease like no one else.”"
"I have seen these \"urns or buckets\" all over blogland. I have no clue what they are for, someone told me they are used to keep Champagne or wine on ice. I don't know. My husband and I do not drink, nor do we serve alcohol when we entertain."
"Shoreline trail will eventually cross Centennial Drive again. If you continue on the trail past the road it will take you over the ridge down to the CSU foothills campus on a very technical downhill section (a few steep drops) and back up the hill on a very steep part. If you're like me and don't have a full suspension bike and full body armor you can ride north on Centennial drive (across the Soldier Canyon Dam) until you see a trail going to the right.This trail will take you back onto the Foothills trail and into Reservoir Ridge Natural Area. Head into Reservoir Ridge and go clockwise around the loop at the end. Once you go around the loop, head back towards shoreline trail."
"Since there are no numbers left by themselves, simply multiply 11 by 6 (the rounded up quotient) to get the sum which is 66."
"Remember those who lost family, friends and loved ones. Remember them. They still grieve."
"All this combined with the fact I was terrified of the thing tipping off the back of the truck while I was in there and suffocating me in crap, made porta potties my absolute number one fear. I spent way too much time in them on that trip, and never ever ever ever again. I will pee on the side of the road before I enter one of these."
"“Why were they displaying her pictures and asking her to intervene in Malaysia? They can always bring their case to the Government and the Yang di-Pertuan Agong,” he said in an interview at the Istana Mastika here."
"The movie follows a newly engaged couple, whose parents meet for the first time the weekend of their wedding. Groom-to-be Jason comes from a working-class African-American family, and his mother doesn’t take super kindly to the parents of bride-to-be Sabrina, who are also African-American but live in a gigantic mansion and speak French and shit. The title of the movie comes from a clash between the two families—Jason’s mother wants the pair to “jump the broom” at their wedding, a Black American tradition that involves newlyweds jumping over a ceremonial (but literal) broom. (Since slaves couldn’t actually get married, they would jump the broom to symbolize their union.) Jason’s family has done it for generations; Sabrina’s was too busy being rich and speaking French. Cue conflict."
"I have a lot more to say about this subject. Treat this as an introduction. It is one of the big subjects of the moment. Post-war social housing has come to an age where it is demanding attention. Repair, renovate, transform. Restore, preserve, conserve. Demolish."
"But I’ll have many more when the garden really starts to go downhill. But by then I’ll be potting up bulbs and won’t care too much."
"The junco flock from this last winter brought a bird of a different color. It was so different that I wasn't sure at first that she (?he?) was a junco at all. Rather than charcoal and ivory, this bird resembled a toasted marshmallow."
"My newest pillow is a beautiful coral pink one that sits with the grey striped ones on the bed. I ordered the fabric from Spoonflower and had it custom made with piping. I love the color and how it ties with the \"For Like Ever\" print in the room."
"- When Spike Lee shook Bosh’s hand and was chatting him up a bit as the play was about to start from the whistle. For sure, speculating, congratulating him for his new baby son. The fans behind Lee were probably a little don’t-talk-to-the-enemy, but he does his thing, like or hate it. I’m guessing it is extremely tough for players holding back the punch-in-the-face they envision running that side of the court."
"Next, I told Emily that she could make letters too. She wanted to try an E for the first letter of her name. Then she wiped it away I had her to try another letter. We took turns picking letters, writing them and then making the sound. Since the letters in the paint are so easy to wipe away if she made a mistake she could easily try again. As Emily got older she now likes to try to write the different words that she knows too."
"\"So you've met Ziggy the greyhound then?\""
"Friends, we're nearly out of time. So many of you have expressed concern about my poor cousin, whose life has been reduced to something out of that Lady Gaga / Beyonce Telephone video with much dumpier outfits."
"Farley eviscerates David Levy’s argument swiftly, so not much for me to add on that point, except to say that when a sentence like this appears in print, it should be a clue that the author is just making shit up:"
"when they so cheerfully say nothing,"
"That being said, as many of you know, there was a small subset of patients with DDF508 in the Phase III Kalydeco study that had a very large increase in FEV1 with the drug. Genes don't tell the whole story with this drug - as you see with many CF patients, their genes don't predict how healthy/unhealthy they are. Siblings, with the exact same CF mutations, have varying CF outcomes."
"It turns out that as part of a story on gay rights issues the PBS program Frontline included a quiz designed by researchers to gauge how homophobic someone might be. Matt and Mat took this quiz and shockingly found that they weren’t homophobic at all. This news so delighted them that they broadcast it on Liberty Counsel’s Faith and Freedom show. Peter was so enchanted that he linked the broadcast from his website and took the quiz himself. What do you know? He isn’t homophobic either!"
"EMO: *presses button*"
"When I got the offer to do a review for them I squealed with joy! Olive Garden has been one of my favorite restaurants for years. When Mr. TRH and I were newlyweds we didn't have much money to eat out. It was \"THE\" restaurant to go to for special occasions. After we have been married for so many years with three kids, Olive Garden is still our favorite restaurant."
"Special BG Patterns & Complete Toad Abode Items"
"Have you noticed that when you get to be an adult that you don’t stand still?"
"So, we are in the midst of potty training. Thus, the Wee One (the Butterfly) is running around the house stark naked all the time! Now for her, this is exactly how she would prefer to walk around everywhere if we let her. She just loves going... um... full commando! Unfortunately for her, society hasn't quite accepted that as a social norm. Sorry kiddo! In the mean time, we are constantly asking her is she needs to go to the bathroom, hoping to catch her in time to encourage her to go on her potty chair. You know the routine!"
"My mother-in-law is quite literally on her death bed."
"So the devil loves Gospel distortions- leading people to begin to believe that Jesus is NOT enough! We have to do “extra things”. Unwittingly, people try to grab Glory that belongs only to God by living life as if they are somehow earning the Salvation that was a free and undeserved gift!"
"She's pure as New York snow"
"(Originally an IP Movies Review)"
"The Walking Man I was sold at an auction for a total price of $104,327,006. Allowing another $26 million dollars for previous sales and currency adjustments, so far $130million dollars have been paid and received to move the bronze sculpture from one ahu to another on Earth Island."
"Chapter 8"
"It's almost as though I picked up 5 pounds and then maintained for two months. I had 750 minutes of exercise in April; 500 in March. In both months, I had hoped to hit 1000. This month, I might make it, because I'm now on a bit of a roll."
"Guthrie: but the Commerce Clause prevents"
"On second thought-"
"The officer then pulled out a key and unlocked Olivia’s handcuffs. “Follow me” she said."
"2. Do NOT eat and read…you’ll thank me later."
"I was about to ask that we’d also be miraculously able to attend religious ed tonight (last night of the year), but #2 came staggering into the study with glazed eyes and feverish misery, so I don’t think the virtue of prudence will let us get away with that, even if there were miraculous recoveries in the next six hours."
"Beware of everybody; trust no one; keep yourself in readiness, as soon as the moon is visible; I shall leave the hotel incognito, take a carriage or a chaise, we shall drive like the wind to Sheveningen; I shall take paper and ink with me; we shall write our letters."
"Artists featured: Jyll Bradley, Paulo Catrica, Filipa César, Marcus Coates, Dorothy Cross (with actor Fiona Shaw), Alexis Deacon, Jeremy Deller, Tania Kovats, Kaffe Matthews, Semiconductor (Ruth Jarman and Joe Gerhardt) and Alison Turnbull."
"Citing the lyrics of a poem that Common recited during an HBO appearance, Sean Hannity, Sarah Palin and even the New Jersey State Police have all joined the chorus of voices depicting the emcee as “dangerous,” “controversial” and a ghetto “radical.” In fact, he is none of these things. Common, a Chicago-native formerly known as Common Sense, is — as far as these things go — a socially conscious lyricist who has toiled in relative obscurity for most of his career, and to some degree, still is overshadowed by his far more flamboyant and ignorant colleagues. He is what used to be called a “backpack rapper,” meaning that your white, pot-smoking college roommate would be exponentially more likely to find him interesting than would any gun-toting thug on the street. To criticize him as some diabolical “threat” to God-fearing, law-abiding Americans is both disingenuous and willfully blind to the overall body of his work."
"130Plants of thy hand, and children of thy pray'r."
"Maybe my most favorite and inspiring part of the book, and where the most underlining happened, is in the Appendix at the back of the book. Collaboratively written by both John and Noël, it is a section on why your kids should sit with you in church instead of attending Sunday School and also how to practically make it happen. I love this, as the why of it echoes my husband and my heart on the matter. And it is always so helpful to have the hows; to have help from someone who has been there and seems to have done it well."
"Karma is not about the reincarnation or rebirth of the individual."
"I like doing films. I don’t think one has to choose one thing. Filmmakings and writings, I like both in a sense that they can provide me very different method via different vision-story, I think film media is great, modern and complicated – that is the charm and power of the visual world when you actually comes from the word-world, the literature world…."
"The others on the prison floor tell similar stories, but no one ever believes us. Not people like us."
"With Thanksgiving drawing near, I’ve been thinking about gathering around the table and enjoying my family and all the homemade food and dessert that Thanksgiving brings. This year, we’re still not sure who is hosting, but I would be happy to have everyone over here:)"
"Families often ask me how i can get their child to do something they can't.. well i have limited emotional investment ( not MY child) and i listen and observe the behavior so i understand the communication. If you react rather than respond you are liable to misunderstand and the behavior continues. We need to be the problem solvers we want our children to grow up to be. They need to test the rules, we need to set them. It is our job as parents to be completely present all the time, ( which is not always doable). It is necessary to be all Parent and only some person when the children are under 5. I tell parents that there is a big P and a little t in parent... we must embrace that big P in order for the adult child to walk away from us at 18 or 20 and be independent and ultimately successful."
"While he was in hospital, he and Dianah exchanged letters. Thanks to the Estill County Historical & Genealogical Society, I have a copy of two of them:"
"I don’t think the solution to the Groupthink process is to eliminate it. Collaborative work has brought about a lot good material. What needs to be eliminated or mitigated is the sense of anxiety of influence."
"Her co-ops are both at newspapers and she gets the chance to write articles for the papers and interview people."
"It was getting late,"
"It’s just a decision."
"I have to confess to being a bit leery of the movie, after hearing several \"meh\" reviews of it. I'm quite a fan of the books, and the societal/class commentary contained within them. If, somehow, despite constant media bombardment, you're still unfamiliar with the books, the basis is (and here I click over and steal from Wikipedia):"
"It seems like forever ago but it was only three months ago."
"From a very windy and totally not nice day, only conselation, lol, is that we have a public holiday today, so got some stuff done, not much i am afraid, lacking the energy................hehehehe"
"Of course I meant it this way! How dare you suggest otherwise. Ok the rain wasn't meant to be there - or the scratches but I love those now. All wabi sabi and what have you."
"I pushed through the bushes after Sophie. Sophie??? The thought froze me solid in the middle of the bush; did I really think the large feline that had crawled through these bushes minutes ago was the same cat that had been mine as a child? The same Sophie who had slept curled on my bed every night until...I....left? Is that how I had come to be in this place? I started to move forward again, if I stopped to ponder these strange thoughts, I would lose track of Sophie."
"Well, I had to photograph it."
"I really don't want to end on a depressing note because this was such an incredible site. Instead, I want to share my hope. I hope that there in increased tourism to Bamyan and Afghanistan overall. I hope this is due to increased security and prosperity. I hope you can see the Buddhas yourself."
"maar d'historie duurt vôort nu ben ik hier beland"
"f) I prefer safety to dryness"
"I enjoy all genres of film, but my preference is for the smaller, independent productions. Movies like Sideways, Bottle Rocket, (500) Days of Summer, City Island and Dan in Real Life come to mind. Before seeing many of those I had heard little to nothing about them, but had great experiences with each."
"Stir in:"
"If you prefer a non-commercialized community, a Little Italy condo may just be the new home for you. Locally owned eateries offer homemade culturally fused dishes straight out of the cook-book of Sicilian relatives. Locally owned ground level retail stores and boutiques provide hand-crafted ceramic art and unique, beautifully designed jewelry. If you want to contribute to the development of your new community, join up with the Little Italy Association members. Personally oversee the continued beautification of Little Italy. Ensure residents, property and business owners are continually satisfied with clean streets, and the design of new buildings before their construction in the community."
"A Picture of Peace"
"And here is my response:"
"After March 24, investigation based toward proving the truth of Mangum's story rather than determining what actually happened."
"Don’t wait. Do it now. Start going to see theatre…watch a lot of film….and really watch the acting. Learn from watching. Audition….take acting classes…read books…learn as much as you can. Ask questions. Tame your fear. Move outside of your comfort zone. It is frightening to audition, it truly is. That’s why you have to calm your nerves. Audition for everything. Do THEATRE. Seriously, I have learned more about acting just doing it than reading books. Do some extra work and really watch what is going on. When on the set, they really expect you do know what you are doing so the more prepared you are, the better."
"Celebrating Emily's Birthday, the Subway Art I made for her using My Digital Studio from Stampin' Up!"
"I'm just kidding. I just like Burger King so much that I can't control myself when I am around their food. It's not good for my weight loss."
"Friday, September 23"
"Plath chooses to tell Esther’s story in a first person narrative which makes it a very personal and emotional journey for any reader. The writing is simple and clean, yet poignant and soulful. Once you know Esther, you will never forget her."
"It was not white Englishmen who tore a frightened 15 year old child from his friends and his loving family, it was Asian immigrants who did that and who put him through hours of terror and inflicted tortures on his young body which we can only start to imagine. To satisfy their hatred, his future was stolen, Kriss will never become a lover, a husband, a father, a grandfather or anything else that shyly handsome innocent young boy ever dreamed of or hoped to be, and they did it to him for no other reason than that he was white."
"Anyway, the style / content and where it came from…"
"What has happened is that Suarez has been tried in the court of public opinion, based on a prior knowledge of previous convinctions (something that would not be allowed in a court of law) and without reference to any evidence other than opinions expressed by newspapers such as the Mirror."
"Don't ask which answer"
"Pressia lives in a world where scars are commonplace; everyone has them. She longs for the time before the detonations, though she remembers little of what it was really like. She only has the stories her grandfather has told her. Hers is a world of tragedy and survival, where scarred survivors are fused with inanimate objects, and sometimes even animals or other people. When Partridge, a Pure who escaped the consequences of the detonations because he was safe in the dome, crosses Pressia’s path her life changes forever. Suddenly people are interested in Pressia, her future, and her past. Will she be able to help Partridge, or will she be betrayed first?"
"The children and I absolutely adore the Honey Stingers. We enjoy the honey based flavors and that we aren't eating a ton of processed sugars or added soy in them. We like that they are very tasty, especially the children who beg for them. I like that they are shelf stable, small, and easy to pack with me when I know that we will need that extra boost to get me through. Three kids on a bike ride or long walk alone can be especially taxing. We take them with us on bike rides (about 3 miles) and long walks (about 2 miles) for that extra energy boost to keep us going."
"Saturday: Potluck Pantry"
"your vibration."
"He scorned reason as well as faith, often deliberately contradicted himself, said that “a sneer is infinitely more noble that a syllogism” and appealed to passion, rhetoric and even deliberate hatred rather than reason."
"Jean-Michel Pollono, Mouleres' attorney, said the court in Nantes had ruled \"we are in a free country, and as a result, everything that isn't forbidden is allowed.\""
"It is basically a calculator that allows you to make addition, subtraction, multiplication and division. You also have the use of the decimal. You can copy the result."
"A while ago I was looking to make a pretty large purchase. A new TV. Like a lot of consumers these days I did a LOT of research online before even going to a store. I even went to a few stores to “showroom”. This is a new-ish and growing phenomenon in the retail world (On a side note… this is what’s killing some major retailers these days). I was a “lay-down” sale. All that was needed was for the sales person to confirm my decision and then ask for my money. I went to Future Shop and gave the sales person a chance to do just this. He did a great job showing me the features of some TVs and he did a great job confirming my initial decision. And then he just stood there… it was weird and uncomfortable… it went something like this:"
"Hey pretty baby,"
"In the video, a group of men are seen sitting on the floor inside of a cage with their hands tied behind their backs."
"Yet the media continue to report progress as a fact."
"Hanke W, Romitti P, Fuortes L, Sobala W, Mikulski M. The use of pesticides in Polish rural population and its effect on birth weight. Int Arch Occup Environ Health 2003; 76: 614-620."
"Morris: Years ago, was there a turning point (if not an epiphany) that set you on the career course you continue to follow? Please explain."
"The chapters of SHATTER ME are very short, between five to ten pages each. I literally flew through the story. It’s no wonder, considering that we’re given the electrifying start into the story with a girl, our protagonist, locked up in a cell. The very first thing we get to read about are Juliette’s feelings or her lack thereof since she has been locked up for quite a while. To keep her thoughts together, she writes in a notebook. She uses a lot of numbers to keep a hold of things and it’s quite fascinating to be so close to her very thoughts, primarily supported"
"Q:I have a question about a famous animal in Australia, but I forget its name. It's a kind of bear and lives in trees. ( USA )"
"AP/DAILY NEWS, AGAIN:"
"it just turned out that the surgeon was being extra extra careful - which we definitely appreciate."
"I'm sure I won't be on here as much either :) but I do have a guest blogger tomorrow that I am very excited to have, as well as I am taking part in a giveaway later this week that should be very fun. Check back on Wednesday to see what it is!"
"After a little badgering, Daisy gave in. At around the same time, he was talking on twitter about getting his hands on some game birds. I demanded Magpie Pie. Not because I have any particular desire to eat magpie, or even know whether it's a bird that is considered to be good eating. But for no other reason than that the name tickled my silly bone. Magpie Pie! Magpie Pie! Magpie Pie!"
"Kanika studied African history at California State University, Sacramento. She also took a pottery class at CSUS from artist Ruth Rippon. \"Pottery was really making cups and bowls and plates, but I wasn't doing that. I was doing this,\" she said, holding up an African-style mask. \"I was trying to do this on the sly.\""
"How about that Sylvia was recently interviewed as an aviation expert for an upcoming segment on ... well, I don't know if that's public knowledge right now, but I can say you'd recognize the venue. You just can't beat promotion like that!"
"It was estimated by many there, and from 'known' donations that around £1500 was 'in the hat', including £500 from the host, and several £100 and £50 donations from working members."
"Man Host is singing. The audience likes Man Host. He has a double barbed wire tattoo on his arm, thus he is obviously badass."
"I eat biscuits and wait for a clue"
"Over the past 10 years the loonie did what few had expected. Before the currency’s “power decade” commenced, experts were well accustomed to worrying about its health. The 1990s were not kind to our dollar as it fluctuated between a high of 89.34 cents in 1991 and a low of 63.11 cents in 1998. Some expected it to plummet toward 50 cents, and there were calls for our currency to be pegged to the U.S. dollar to prevent what many predicted would be catastrophe."
"She reached for me today for the first time, almost brought me to my knees."
"I get the tin foil out to wrap the sandwiches in, two minutes later, when I need to use it, it's been put away again."
"But I am also drafting a new book! (Yay drafting!) But to be honest, it is so much harder than the last book I drafted. I don't know if I'm stuck in revision mode or what!"
"Thanks for setting the challenge Sarah. It's been fun :-)"
"My God is Mighty to save,"
"(King, looking livid, thrusts the sword just inches away from Anwaar’s neck.)"
"Us: We just loved the movie! Thank you so much for taking time to sit down with us."
"I think I'm all over the board with this at times. For the most part I use my PMC components as my focal in my jewelry creations, and I adore pairing my pieces with other art beads. Glass, ceramic, polymer clay, I love them all!! I've been using Sari silk in my work lately and it's been fun and challenging. I'm enjoying adding another dimension to my work!"
"First, I'd like to heap an enormous amount of thanks on the Food Floozie for asking me to guest post for her today. I could not be more thankful that I have connected with her through food, and found a new friend in the process. My family has followed Mary via her column for some time, and when my mother first turned me onto her I was, I admit, a bit intimidated by the thought of contacting her. I was in the process of launching Once Upon a Loaf and wanted to be taken seriously - just wasn't ready yet. She had it all, in my mind - she was funny, talented, endearing - and I can say now that I was dead-on about the Floozie. Thank goodness I eventually chucked my self-consciousness and can now enjoy her irreverence almost at will."
"In short, instead of stating what cannot be believed concerning the Gospel accounts, skeptics would do well to concentrate on what they admit to be known about the texts."
"The captain was a little stubborn too. Captain Smith had a record to break and influential passengers to cater to. Could you imagine the praise he'd receive if he made it to New York in record time? The folks in first-class were some of the wealthiest in the world, and he would be their hero."
"I think by the looks of this card, SOMEone is getting ready to"
"Kate: “Most of the staff can agree on their love for Bare Escentuals products…so here’s another! Buxom Big & Healthy Lip Polish. Of course, my favorite color is Katie – a pale pink which adds a shimmery tint to my lips. It’s not super sticky (I hate when my hair immediately sticks to my lips when I’m outside!) and gives your lips that extra boost of fullness without the painful feeling like of having just licked a jalapeno pepper, like other lip-plumping glosses.”"
"Apparently, candy corn is an outdated Halloween treat and many people don't think it should still be around."
"In the blood and gore stakes, do you think less is more, that suggesting horror can be more frightening than going into intricate detail?"
"Or..... there is a Democrat trying to pretend to be El Presidente for Life or summat. What with the Court not mattering, and that he has decided that he can do the Legislature's job by Executive fiat and regulation. And you gotta demonize the opposition and make it personal, ala Alinsky. Oh, poor SPLC, they are such a shadow of their former selves."
"Left Handed Brewing Company"
"\"Whoa-Whoa- woa- wo-wo-wo.... Round and Round and Round and...\"..."
"When I was a teenager, I worked for a newspaper. I was an assistant copy editor, and I also wrote articles. My editor could always count on me turning in a lot of material. My articles were lengthy. Give me a story about a local fair, and I’ll write you a book. I was proud of that ability. I felt that I could make any news piece long and interesting. I considered it a challenge. Sports column? No problem. I can write sports. 4-H spotlight? I’ve got that, no sweat."
"Why did they grumble? Why were they so upset? Because from their perspective they had been cheated. “What’s in it for me” is the governing question (Matthew 19:27 puts this very question on the lips of Peter). My world is centered around me, myself, and I and for me, “What’s in it for me” rules the day."
"Yes, quite princessy and girly!"
"“I still have the unique issue of abortion,” Nelson said on Sunday’s Face the Nation. “I’ve said I can’t support the bill with the abortion language that’s there.”"
"I use Amy Tangerine paper for the background. I love how the paper is so gorgeous, I barely have to do a thing to it!!! I did add a few strips of washi tape (Love My Tapes) along with a simple, pink button to embellish the card. I think my favorite part is the tiny hearts that I stamped coming from the sentiment...I love using tiny stamps for accents!"
"An illustration of the Rhinemaidens"
"Sunday, Kirk and I participated in Vancouver’s annual Sun Run. The Sun Run is Canada’s largest 10K road race, with nearly 50,000 people participating this year. We actually showed up perfectly on time this year (i.e. right before the race started) so I didn’t have time to get any pictures of the MASSIVE crowd and was a little too focused and forgot to stop during the run! Oops!"
"Junk food promoters found funding the Institute of Medicine"
"What has this got to do with writing for children?"
"The first thing you'll notice about this shirt is that the cotton is very fine. Is it Egyptian, Italian, Swiss? -- I don't know. But it is gorgeous: cool to the touch and smooth as silk."
"74 winners on each occasion with a further 63 successes in 2002/2003, 78 in 2003/04, 80 in 2004/05, 77 in 2005/06, 76 in 2006/07, 69 in 2007/08 and 65 in 2008/09. Born May 10, 1960, Venetia Williams had a great deal of experience as an assistant trainer and rider before taking out a licence to train at her family’s Herefordshire estate. She had 10 winners as an amateur through 1986-88 and rode in the 1988 Grand National on Marcolo, who knocked her unconscious when coming down at Becher’s Brook, before she broke her neck in a fall shortly afterwards and was forced to retire on medical advice. She gained experience around the world to further her knowledge of training, starting off with seven years as assistant to John Edwards at Sellack, only a few miles from where she is now based. She also had spells with Martin Pipe and Barry Hills, John Fulton in the United States and Colin Hayes in Australia. She began with a string of limited size and talent but her success prompted great reaction and new owners flocked in with the result that her yard today stables more than 80 horses. The popular grey Teeton Mill was her standard-bearer in the late 1990s, winning the 1998 Hennessy Gold Cup and King George VI Chase. Her first venture on the Flat yielded a Group 3 winner when Stretarez won the 1998 Ormonde Stakes at Chester. She has recorded five wins at the Cheltenham Festival, the first of which being Samakaan in the 2000 Grand Annual Challenge Cup, and has also enjoyed notable success at the John Smith’s Grand National with Montalcino in the John Smith’s Mersey Novices’ Hurdle, Limerick Boy in the John Smith’s Top Novices’ Hurdle and Mon Mome, who provided the trainer with the pinnacle of her career to date when winning the 2009 John Smith’s Grand National."
"I get asked a lot about working with white tones when it comes to using Copics. Its a complicated subject because while copic does make an opaque white--it is not meant for covering large areas, it's more of a highlighting color. The actual whites that are markers aren't what most people think of as a true white--and I hear a lot of times from people that they don't like how the white doesn't \"look white.\""
"And don’t even get me started on the government’s derivatives, which will attach so much debt to this generation that their great-great-great-great grandchildren will wonder at the ignorance of their forefathers of today as they scrap for tidbits of food left over from the most recent bankers convention."
"In Punjabi literature today, just as Rañjha is identified with his flute and Sohni with her un-fired water pitcher (kacha gharha), Mirza has n"
"So, the Twitterverse (and the comments page for said article) is furiously rebuffing the Globe and Mail this morning (also affectionately known now as ‘Globe and Fail’ and ‘Old and Male’), after their editorial team endorsed Stephen Harper for the 41st Federal Election in Canada. No matter what party you support – hell, even if you are a Con lover – this editorial is an embarrassment to journalism. Why’s that, you ask?"
"Made me unsure of my heart"
"I’m not her target demographic. I’ll be thirty-seven in May. I drive a mini-van. When I was her age, Grunge music was all the rage. I have the flannels and long-haired college radio DJ’ing ex-boyfriend to prove it."
"Alan Rosenberg has succeeded Melissa Gilbert as President of the Screen Actors Guild and has assured further cooperation with Native American actors. This will keep Mark Reed in his “activist” role for the next two years."
"When I saw the Tartan Boucle Blazer in the Anthropologie catalog last fall, I think my small fear of plaid was cured a little. I realized that plaid can be totally cute if worn the right way. I was able to score this cute blazer when it hit sale in December and I have to say, I love it! I have only worn it twice now but see it being a staple dress-up piece in my closet for years to come. I mean look how plaid has stood the test of time...all the way back from my high school days (and long before) to now. Timeless!"
"Holy time"
"I know this is a lot to think about, so let me propose this: for the remainder of the month, think about those very questions and focus on your emotional closet space. Abolish those negative voices in your head and make room for a new season of positive affirmations."
"I am still sweeping up rogue glitter 8 days later. She said it was her best day ever so it was probably all worth it."
"Anyway, I had juuuust enough left."
"due to this lack of wisdom \"this DiGital Wisdom\" i know MoST of you are obviously far more elite + wise than myself with the ways of the computer age."
"Friday, May 18 4-7pm – Beer Week close-out at Epic Brewery: For the final event of the week, Epic’s inviting everybody out to brewery for a summer cook-out. There will be something for everyone – grilled hamburgers and veggie burgers will both be available along with the re-release of Epic’s Hop Syndrome Lager. In addition to the beer and food, we’ll have a drawing for some pretty Epic prizes – no purchase necessary."
"most of my clothings are from Hysteric Glamour, Anap, Glad News and Black Peace Now etc..."
"My friend smiled, and said: “Mary, you are biased. Actually you can see a beautiful sunrise as long as you are willing to travel a long way to the best site. Being bigger or more popular does not mean a better scenery. It all depends on you.”"
"Vicky is giving away this amazing collection of Dusty Attic Chipboard to the winner of this workout!"
"RIGHTS2WRITE"
"We’ve made it as easy on you as we can. Please place any items for recycling or donation in the bin, and we’ll take care of the rest. No need to sort out recyclables or deal with overflowing residence hall recycling stations, just make sure it’s clean and usable."
"Tsugumi has more fanservice-meets- ‘kawaii’ moments that completely hack the entire enemy network, and it completely goes against the tone of an epic final battle to save humanity but WHATEVER."
"When cases are this easy, it’s a wonderful thing. What do you think?"
"During an evening speech in Phoenix, the former Pennsylvania senator did offer up a defense of his belief in the existence of good and evil."
"On Sunday we stayed at home and had congee at home. We bought some local take out food from the cafe downstairs including Cheung fun (rice noodle rolls) and some plain fried noodles. Black Sesame ice cream is one of my favourite things ever and I gladly devoured a pot with my family for dessert! This commercial building is opposite our apartment, no matter what time I look out, there is always some poor individual working over time in front of the glare of a computer screen. Last week was my first week of the next few months working in HK. Catching the bus in the morning and every single day hearing the 'doot doot' of the Octopus card (an even better version of London's Oyster card). Why is the Octopus card better? Well because you can use it on a crazy amount of transport but you can also buy things using it....like cake (oh yes!), plus mine is in this cute pass holder I bought in the UK from Paperchase. Next we have some Chocolate Milk from the fridge at work...the fridge is like a vending machine, it's FULL of different drinks for staff to drink from Coke to classic Vitasoy."
"Quick Plot (no spoilers): After a UFO crashes, the dead begin to come back to life and eat the living. A small military-type unit in the forest seeks to defend the people in the immediate area who are still alive."
"When I sent them, the HR girl emailed me within minutes: someone at Vogue was really interested and she'd get back to me. Whoever that was must have changed her mind. I never worked a day at Conde Nast."
"If I see a sign that says \"engine-room\", I know there's likely to be an engine in there. Or that a \"store-room\" will be used for stores. But I can fairly well assume, in America, that most bath-rooms don't have baths. Unless that low thing, with a seat and a pool of cold water is a foot-bath."
"Mayor Booker posted on his Facebook page, \"a child being born right now, today, is depending on us to liberate their potential, and ensure that they enjoy America as truly a land of equal opportunity.\""
"I know you’re struggling right now. I know you’re looking for answers, maybe even a cure. I make this request of you, please don’t ever wish away a part of yourself. Your Asperger’s makes you unique. It makes you beautiful. It makes you see the world differently than everyone else on the planet. You don’t think like others so you’ll never be “just another fish in the pond”. Your thoughts are valuable. Your point of view is priceless. You are heard."
"Article 9 of the Charter provided for the creation of a lay body, the National Review Board, which was mandated (among other things) to commission a descriptive study of the nature and scope of the problem of child sexual abuse in the Catholic Church."
"YET his conclusion spoke volumes to me."
"Anyway, this haul post has been a ridiculously long time coming. I originally shot the haul like a month ago, but I wanted to include the swatches with the blog post & didn't get around to editing those until a few days ago. Here's the haul vid:"
"to take me to your rainbow"
"Like so many of you, I approached this weekend with a mixture of anticipation and trepidation. Would I be remembered in a positive way? Would I be remembered at all? What if those I was closest to don't show, who will I talk to? I came right up to the doors of Skyline Friday night, and almost turned around and walked away. What lay beyond those doors, that was of any value to me? My life, as I hope is the case with all of you, has been far more interesting and far more fulfilling in the last twenty years of my life, than in the first eighteen. But I took a deep breath, and walked in, and I'll always be grateful that I did."
"Payments due. Prompt payment for all money due or accrued."
"Todd: Of course."
"I secured the Owls onto their own tag and then after punching a hole l threaded lost of ribbon through it. The ribbon at the bottom was just a short piece of cord knotted each end then a smaller ribbon wrapped round it. The images were not coloured in just printed out and then carefully cut out. Each owl had its own pocket. All the edges of the papers were inked with a distressing ink."
"So here are the moments that have captured me lately..."
"can walk out of that darkness a victor today for the Light is coming to you"
"in their rainbows"
"This was how the ottoman looked when they hired me. It needed an update with more current fabrics and a new skirt style. Notice how tight the pleats on the skirt were."
"Wednesday, May 30"
"This is the cologne I picked up for Rob on Saturday! Incense Kyoto by Comme des Garcons is a wonderful musky scent with tones of cedar, soap, cypress, teak, nutmeg, coffee and amber. Smoky and light, perfect for a guy who doesn't do cologne often."
"Our tongue and brain are imbedded initially not to like or appreciate bitter flavors – in a plant’s defense, bitterness is nature’s way of saying ‘don’t eat me.’ The International Bitterness Unit (IBU) scale is roughly used to gauge bitterness – a typical American Light Lager has around 10 IBUs, and below you will see an American Double India Pale Ale at 101 IBUs!"
"...stars that were dancing across the beam of light, gleefully shining, disrupting the flatly placid, still and peaceful surface of the lake."
"my weary ol' stairway is wobbly an' worn."
"May 2 Green Room (296 Brunswick) 7:30 p.m."
"Phil 4:7"
"Trumpet - Jon Hassell"
"Grind the urad dal first, until smooth.Keep aside."
"Maybe it's different this time. I don't know, but I think so. I think Cooper Green has told his last lie. We'll just have to wait and see, I guess. In the meantime, thank you all for your kindness, and for taking the time to visit so faithfully. It's been fun."
"Loving it, views right out to Christchurch City and the Port Hills in the distance, magical views at night."
"One of the most exciting reads of the year for the way in which its form was hard to pin down, Beard's 'novel' is a re-examination of the story behind one of Jesus' miracles. By taking an almost forensic approach Beard manages to tell the story more fully than ever before, bravely hypothesising about the childhoods of both men, drawing inspiration and evidence from other artistic sources, research into the period and of course the invention of the author. Structured around the number seven the chapters count down to Lazarus' death and then back up again after his resurrection, where Beard is brave enough not just to imagine what happens to the story of Lazarus after its usefulness in the Bible ends but to posit an even greater significance for the man who came back from the dead. If you want to know why fiction can still be exciting then pick this book up."
"The deers make a beeline right out the door--"
"I don't like Sarah Palin, but I don't go scrawling \"idiot\" on all the SARAH! stickers no matter how much I want to. I might call her an idioton my blog, but that's just a thing people say on their blogs. I have no real support for that (aside from the idiocy), but the point is... it's my blog. I can say that. I can say anything I want. But I can't say it ON someone elses' personal property."
"But this past week I think I missed the coffee truck most of all. We had Standard Coffee Company when I was very young and later the Jewell Tea Company had a truck that came down our block when I was older. They also sold coffee, spices and other desirable products. Last week I really missed the coffee delivery truck."
"In our family, we plan on having Christmas Dinner around 2PM."
"I won't ever choose your eye liner with you or walk you towards the morning sun,"
"“I can’t.”"
"Desmond-\"Experience.\""
"papermania papers"
"01 Wheelchair Epidemic"
"I am so thankful that Jeff finally got to meet her and can't wait until the 6 of"
"Asymmetric HD – A beautiful DreamBoard theme with advanced features."
"On Friday evening TC led us through a speed scrap, giving a new instruction every 10 minutes. Mine, of course ended up a little different to the original instructions...but then I always think that is a good thing. I like it when we all put our own twist on things. The theme for this was 'God is Powerful' and I used a quote from Genesis for the journalling."
"For those who care Liverpool beat Chelsea 1-0 yesterday, and even Chelseas 50million pound star Torres failed to make any great impact. Liverpool played well, Chelsea ran out of ideas and showed little creativity. But that will change if we get Sturridge back from Bolton and sell Mikel, Drogba and maybe Anelka."
"I told my editor I'd have this to her \"the end of June.\" What month is this again?"
"Pins - you can NEVER have too many ;)"
"with glue stick. Hold a minute."
"Out of that, uh, a lot of close calls, I managed to get a lot of medical supplies, medical equipment, that you might not normally have. Like, we had oxygen. We had an electronic stethoscope that gave a tape readout, so you could tell how many heartbeats…we had adrenaline shots. We had all kinds of stuff…adrenaline shots to bring you through when you OD’d."
"Well I promise I will try and keep up with this Blog malarky. I still have to show you the other layouts in my daughters 21st Album."
"It could be an unhealthy relationship…."
"16/08 19:40 W 400 Metres Semi-Final"
"So weak."
"Alas, I forgot that having your own nook for crafts does not necessarily mean that you are good with crafts. It also does not mean that you can contain the mess in one area."
"*In 1921, just six months before a truce would end the hostilities of the Irish War of Independence, at the age of 24, Michael Magee died 22 January 1921, as the result of gunshot wounds he suffered during the abortive ambush at Drumcondra."
"Think about that."
"It’s not in your community"
"A constant fight"
"Thom Yorke did his characteristic head-bopping around the microphone, and he had maracas! That synthetic bass – whatever instrument it was – did this song plenty of favors. Yorke is perhaps the most interesting rock singer out there right now, and when you realize that he is saying actual words, he is even more interesting. B+"
"Well it’s almost 8 AM central time, in Texas. It’s hump day and its time for some news, or maybe just rants? Whatever the case may be it’s that time! To start of the news, yesterday was May 1 and Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 was revealed! *gasp* Of course everyone knew what it was because of leaked images, and box art. Although, the trailer for Black Ops 2 was very interesting to say the least. It looks as if they are going with a more futuristic approach to this entry. So in essence its a modern warfare style game, but with Black Ops mechanics. I could be wrong, but from my perspective on the trailer,I took hints at how “war is evolving” and the vehicles look very futuristic. I’ve already read so much backlash comparing it to Halo even. The thing that nobody should be doing is taking any denotative meaning from this trailer, as far as we know it may turn out to be totally different from what is intended. We will see come November 13, 2012 when Black Ops 2 officially releases."
"Crumbs"
"Right now I’m in love with one that looks like something out of a fairy tale and has a very hobbitish living room:"
"And on Good Friday Jesus wasn’t dragged to the cross, or forced into the wolf’s den. Jesus boldly walked up to the wolf. Jesus followed the wolf home without fear or hesitation. He approached the wolf without weapons, without defenses, and without armies. Jesus sought out the wolf on his home territory, stood right in his face, and essentially said……give me your best shot. Do your worst. I dare you. I can take it."
"“Iqra, tell me what is wrong.”"
"As you can see, they did turn out great! They came out all cute and \"foot\"-ed, and they came off the parchment paper I had baked them on incredibly easily. The bottoms even looked perfect; they weren't hollow or cracking or anything. I do acknowledge that I need lots of practice with piping these though. The tops aren't perfectly smooth, as they should be. That could either be a result of my batter being slightly underbeaten (thus not allowing the tops to smooth out or settle on their own) or my own shoddy piping work. Either way, this was my very first attempt at macarons and my results far exceeded my expectations! They turned out delicious, with a nice delicate crunch on the outside and a soft, pillowy inside. And they're cute, too!"
"These are the words spoken to Jeremiah by the Lord. Jeremiah was very uncertain about the call he had received from God to go and speak to the nations. What you may not realize is that Jeremiah was a very shy man. He did not look at himself and see a great speaker. He certainly did not see himself as someone who would go out and speak the word of God to masses of people…especially people that did not have any regard for God or His ways whatsoever. Jeremiah would have been content to keep doing what he was doing…he would have been happy for God to have left him alone. I can just hear Jeremiah muttering under his breath, “Lord,I don’t know why you gave me this assignment. I didn’t ask you for an assignment. I’m not even qualified to do this. I don’t know what You’re thinking. This is going to be a disaster.” Jeremiah may have felt very overwhelmed and underqualified for the task at hand, but what he didn’t know was that God had planned this since before he was even in the womb. Everything in Jeremiah’s life was divinely orchestrated to lead him to this moment. God did not just wake up one morning and decide that Jeremiah was going to be a prophet…He knew it before time even began. He knew all of Jeremiah’s weaknesses and inabilities…He knew his limitations and his qualifications. And He knew that Jeremiah was the one He wanted! The same is true for you and me! Before we were in the womb, God knew us! He set us apart for very specific works before we were even born. Everything He has allowed to happen in our lives has been divinely orchestrated by Him to prepare us for the work He wants us to do. We, like Jeremiah, may have a list of reasons why we can’t possibly do what God is calling us to do, but we must remember that in God’s hands, our weaknesses become strengths…our can’ts become cans…our inabilities become abilities! We have to learn that it is God’s responsibility to enable us to do the work He calls us to do…our only responsibility is to say “Yes” to His call. So, what is God calling you to do today? What have you been putting off because you don’t feel prepared to do it? What have you been giving God a list of excuses about? It’s time to realize that you are prepared, you are capable, and you can accomplish what He calls you to do! Say “Yes” to God and let Him worry about the rest!"
"Pour the Queso into a heated Chaffing dish for service, Serve with Tortilla chips on the side."
"This first card is one I did to enter a Penny Black challenge for colour. The three colours I chose to use were white, cream and green. The sentiment is one we all know but the stamp itself came from Penny Black. The flowers and spray were done from memory and I added the pearls after to give it a little something extra because it looked kind of bland. If I had Kittie's embossing folders I'd be on cloud nine! They are gorgeous!"
"Title: Jurassic Park 2 – The Chaos Continues"
"In the midst of grading papers, calculating grades, typing lesson plans, and trying to breathe through my congested nostrils, I have re-claimed my love for Pinterest, Glee, shopping, and sleeping."
"Call it chick lit if you want, but it's a book that brought me away from my own world into each character's, living their lives each time I pick the book up from where I left it, laughing out loud (yes, I actually LOLed, on so many occasions, in public), and tearing (sometimes crying) with the characters and the little things they go through."
"I hope this week is going well for you. I am beading getting ready for my show, and also for a class this Sunday. Yes, I know it is mother's day but what's better than beading on that day? I have so many emails from people on how to loom bead. I am so glad that there is a high interest in it again. I have been doing it since I was a child. I use it in so many aspects of my art. Here is a necklace I finished this morning. It has a loom foundation, flatwork, brick stitch sculpture, peyote edging, embellishments, and loop dangles. If you want to get started in loom beading check out our beading looms in our Beadwright etsy store or our website nicolecampanella.com"
"So what keeps you engrossed and turning those pages?"
"Needless, to say, I didn’t get pinched or squeezed to death. Because I made that flattering comment as I ran past her. And that’s what I was going for. But, Grandma Laura didn’t like me much after that. And she was pissed when I made friends with a stray cat and brought it into the house."
"· Ben E. King"
"“Like these people are so underprivileged and they don’t have much. You know sometimes I wish our friends would get it and like we get it. Discussing pent-house apartments and large salaries and expensive things is so bad. I mean I know we have these things, but we shouldn’t flaunt it right??” Other girl agrees “we should do something to make our friends understand their plight”"
"But mixing papers is a lot of fun and it gives you a more unique look to your pages. It is really about now getting frustrated or dismissive about being able to mix the lines. Just sit down and look about BOTH sides of the papers with your photos and you would be surprised about what works together!"
"And now I am."
"There are a number of companies that offer Honeymoon Registries where guests can buy you meals and activities (tours, shows, spa treatments, etc.) at your honeymoon destination. Each program is different so I suggest doing some research on several companies before deciding which one to register at."
"However, in this case, it may very well have been addressed to \"Occupier\"."
"Risk"
"So, here’s an update on things and stuff in general, and the new direction I want to take this blog:"
"Bowling and entertainment options are available at Amoeba and movie enthusiasts can catch some of the latest silver screen releases at the multiplex, Cinepolis. The mall has been a one-stop destination mall for fun-filled outings as well. The executive director of the mall, Ganesh Rao, says, “Our endeavour is to provide a one-stop lifestyle destination for fashion, food and entertainment that makes for a good shopping experience for families.”"
"Very casual me."
"Hello people!"
"John and I were staying about 15 minutes away from Heerenveen, in a little hotel in the middle of some farmland (technically in Steenwijk). The night before, we’d come in tired, and looked around just long enough to admire the rustic wooden floors and to be grateful for the sparkling clean bathroom and crisp linens and soft bathrobes …"
"After that we have a shorter camping trip planned with the Landis's (who we regrettably see little of now days due to them living in Fallbrook, and Jennifer's crazy pharmacist schedule), and our BIG camping trip planned with Nathan & Melinda to the Grand Canyon and Zion in August."
"Sony digital cameras, the most popular templates. preferential share capital ranks after the Sony has been identified in the quality of the products and you will find the same quality years of digital cameras in their products."
"“The gentleman picture-dealer out to plunder the innocent provincial,” thought Digby. “I’ve a good mind to let him see what he can make of the job. “I’ve nothing on Thursday afternoon except the Industrial Schools Committee, and that should be over by three”; and he rang the bell."
"2. Soliloquy Of Belligerence"
"How is it that this hurts so much? How is it that when I’m with you, all my feelings surface and suddenly I’m alive? It was a lot easier without you, or at least it seemed so. I was alone and I didn’t have to talk. I didn’t have to feel. Pretending to be all right was easy. I buried all of this sadness. And now, it all feels so deep. My scars are hidden somewhere, beneath my skin. I’ve lost track of what was upsetting me from the first place. I’m deeply wounded, so I write about it and I get madder."
"Hodgson was courteous and quiet here, but he has a fire within him, a face‑rubbing fury that will eventually out. For now, though, it is this mildness that has been fingered as a flaw."
"BLM's: If you've already experienced major holidays and that first year mark, please tell me how you did it. I just feel like it's going to be impossible the next few months."
"The format for the show was similar to The Beer Diva’s previous outings but this time each beer style would be introduced by the Woman of Beer from each brewery. After an entertaining concise history of beer we elected Beer Captains and cracked on into the first of five beers, Bridge Road Brewers Chevalier Saison and heard former brewer Nardia McGrath discuss its charms. More familiar with seeing Nardia in jungle green brewery outfit, she shone in her finery. It’s fair to say that none of the girls sought to out shine the host, however. Especially Sam."
"2. Leave a comment on this blog post by the end of Sunday, 4/8/12. If you could create your own country, anywhere in the world, what would you name it, and where would it be?"
"You would fix the TRUE root of the problem! NOT just the symptoms! Am I right?"
"\"What is four million rand? It gives a very blunt message that we don't care about Africa. We need to make a strong commitment and tell the AU we need you guys to come. Africa is not poor, our thinking may be poor.\""
"Tgerber - 4"
"What happen 3 years ago, was a pain.. but now it's gradually turning into my precious memories..."
"1 internal"
"What do we start with, the news or the winners? Of course, the winners!"
"► Ask a friend if they have some flowers they are ready to separate and are willing to share. I love receiving plants and never turn them down. It's a way to make the yard beautiful with a low or no cost solution."
"Yesterday morning, I drove for over an hour, through heavy rain and even heavier traffic, to reach the hospital where I was scheduled to have my insulin tolerance test. My daughter booked an authorised absence from college to attend with me. By the time we arrived, I was literally shaking with fear, trying very hard not to lose control – in a ward full of patients – by succumbing to tears. The nurse was horrified to realise that there had been a mistake; that there was no doctor there to supervise the test. It is too dangerous to run an insulin tolerance test without a doctor’s supervision, and so the test was cancelled."
"Though parts of it feel hard, and I miss a more relaxed schedule and all of the \"me\" time I had, I also see where God gives me the strength to do what I have to do too."
"I had to change the order of construction a bit to get the neat insides I like so much. The facing had to be completely sewn in by hand and the bias binding along the top of the skirt was the last to go on. This way the zipper and any raw edges were totally enclosed by the facings, lining and binding."
"Now, the PS22 chorus is singing Somewhere Over The Rainbow. I much prefer this"
"There are other very large, very powerful rifle rounds sometimes used by snipers or other long range shooters, often based off of .50bmg cases, but sometimes based off of large magnum rifle rounds; but I wouldn't call any of them common, and none are actually more powerful than the .50bmg."
"Yes, after 44 games, split evenly away from home and at home, a ridiculously large amount of points and an even larger amount of fan satisfaction following the successes of Paolo Di Canio’s side, Swindon have bounced back at the first attempt to the league that’s been their home for a while."
"MEDIA"
"new local bands?"
"No, the camera lens is not super dusty. It's just snowing outside. Again. For the millionth time."
"‘It’s not me, I think it’s just the zeitgeist, and that’s why it’s really important to react. It seems like ten years ago people like me didn’t have to spell it out, so of course I don’t wanna explode people in another part of the world, and of course I don’t wanna ruin nature. I’m not saying I’m left wing, because I’m not. I still don’t vote in Iceland, and the few times I have voted I’ve delivered a blank. I still like to consider myself an apolitical person, but it’s just that in times like this, you’re forced to spell it out. I bet most of the people who marched against the Iraq war never even worried about politics before.’"
"Maintain your organization’s corporate minute books or other organizational records up to date, including preparation of shareholder and director resolutions required during the applicable period(s), and complete, where necessary, required shareholder or other ownership interest documentation;"
"We started off with the bruschetta and the mollusco (clams). The clams came perfectly steamed and in a delicate broth of prosecco and fennel. The abundant fennel shavings, thankfully, weren’t overpowering as fennel can sometimes be."
"He added that if evidence was discovered, the police would ensure the case was reinstated."
"Top if off with big hair (thank you Aquanet), Maggie's make-up, and a piece of Alli's sparkly cape.."
"We have been working like little beavers on our home and it is pretty much at an end and we can step back into life with a pulse."
"So we are going on a bike ride and up until now we have had no bikes!"
"This case, as you can see, has a nice, smooth exterior (i.e., no visible pen sleeves) and a convenient snap closure. The holes in the leather, which cover the inner flap and most of the back, make me think of racing gloves or the leather on a steering wheel in an expensive sports car."
"But perhaps we don’t need to go so far from the everyday to see the emergence of new transvidual, posthuman subjectivities. Occupy Wall Street has provided us with a low tech new way of speaking: the human microphone. For those new to this concept, it’s incredibly simple. Protesters in New York’s Zucotti Park had to organize, yet there was a ban on amplified speech in the park. The solution was simple, the human mic. Someone in the center of the group says ‘mic check!,’ and everyone says this that can hear it. This then goes further back, rippling in ‘generations’ to carry the speech as far as needed. At some points, there has been reported situations at these protests in which there were four generations of speech at play! For a single generation version, here’s a video clip of the always entertaining Slavoj Zizek:"
"5/30 - Far from the Madding Crowd (1967)"
"He had hooked up"
"If a child is forced to clean up, then he is robbed of a chance to show how helpful he can be, voluntarily."
"After the race I walked back to the car. All participants got the medal above which I was so proud of! They are shaped in wedges and will form a perfect circle after the next three years of Sedona races. How cool is that? I headed back to the hotel, showered and threw on some yoga pants and sweater. I was grateful for such a hot shower with plenty of pressure. After I picked Athetica up and we went to lunch at a funky little diner that is decked out in space ships and aliens. Despite the kitschy decor they have the best burgers and beers. They are also open later than any other place in Sedona."
"Last night on the radio they actually said while talking about this writer as if it is an actual person who had a birthday that they now know even more about this writer."
"Bluebelle was so pleased with how everything made her feel like a little bride for Christ. John and I gave her one of Ruth’s First Holy Communion bracelets."
"Note that Pigliucci calls Krauss a \"moron,\" a term that Krauss himself applied to philosophers like David Albert, who unfavorably reviewed Krauss's book in the New York Times (Albert, however, is also a physicist!)."
"Remember his cock and his bull and mutter: \"Beware!\""
"She argued with me yesterday that she could do all the things I do for her. There is no need of me to help her in any way. I asked her if she felt she could stand on a stool to clean windows, clean the pool carry loads of laundry up and down the stairs, and make the meals. “Well, I wouldn’t have a pool!” She said, as if I was completely daft. I thought that was so hilarious. But I said,”Mom, I wouldn’t want you trying to cook and do laundry. It’s not safe. But she insisted that she needed no help. “I need to do what I can do,” she said. “Yes, I know this is true. But the issue is, that she really can’t do a lot.”"
"Just take it easy, she thought to herself. Don’t want to start a wild fire or something, I Don’t think Brulee would like that. Though maybe a wildfire would be preferable than being killed by orcs."
"dress in action"
"Holy mission burns love"
"These tissues too have their parasites and panaceas, and padding the vast supra-existential spaces are entities who would ruffle and crease, or brush out the folds and smoothe the wrinkles away. These types arise in and reflect those of the worlds themselves, for good or ill."
"“I was examined yesterday,’ he remarked at last. ‘It was worth while undergoing the gêne of it to know that one was perfectly fit.’"
"I really do love living in this time and place. But if I could live somewhere/when else, I would be a pioneer in the 1800’s. I romanticize that era and I am sure that I would be appalled by how much manual work I would have to do. But I’ve always felt certain that I could be a strong pioneer woman and conquer the West."
"McElveen JC Jr, Jones JD, Day, Reavis, Pogue. Fetal protection policies. The Occupational and Environmental Medicine Report 1988; 2: 57-58."
"Maybe I've just been around too long, and that the change we are seeing now is simply cyclical. If I have learned anything, it is to have as wide a view as possible about books and the publishing industry. In fact, my greater experience tells me that is true of the retail and consumer sector in general having spent so many years in that sector."
"WFTD is the largest Fair Trade event of the year in N. America, and events take place May 6-20 in 2012. Around 100,000 people attend hundreds of celebrations to promote Fair Trade and campaign for trade justice together with farmers & artisans. WFTD itself falls"
"Behold, we know not anything;"
"But instead the stimulus program was a massive failure, costing taxpayers in Michigan $61,229 to create a single job of dubious value using dubious numbers."
"What Johnson is mostly remembered for is being the first president to be impeached (he was of course the only president to hold that dishonor, but that's a story for a twentieth century president). There are numerous sites to commemorate this dubious event (two of which are linked below), but basically, Johnson ran afoul of the Radical Republicans in Congress and found himself on trial for his political life. What I will always remember about the Johnson impeachment will be the name Edmund G. Ross. In high school (or it might have even been junior high) we were shown a black and white film that dealt with the Senator from Kansas. Ross was one of the chapters in the book by John F. Kennedy, Profiles in Courage. It was by Ross' single vote to acquit that Johnson kept his job as President. Ross however, lost his job two years later."
"All our French neighbours love it and once I had told them I had tried it they were full of useful advice, it seems (from my understanding) that the cleaning and tenderising were correct, but I think next time I would get my husband to use his fish filleting knife (which is ultra sharp) and make the slices far thinner."
"\"Maybe because I'm eight months pregnant and I don't want to cook the baby,\" I answered. No wait, I didn't say that, but maybe I did in my head. I totally did in my head."
"1/2 cup vegetable oil (preferably grapeseed)"
"Finding the history of the 100 Grand bar was a challenge. There were many stories about people suing radio stations for giveaways where they got the candy but not the money that they thought they'd get, but not a lot of facts. I believe the bar was first called the $100,000 bar in 1966 but the name as changed to what we know now in the 1980s. This comes in two pieces though the entire pack is one serving size just like the Oh Henry! also from Nestlé. Unlike it's sister bar Crunch this has more added sugars and a sweeter scent. The inside is very soft which the crispy rice is in the top coating only. What this does is let more of the chocolaty flavor (courtesy of cocoa butter and chocolate) out because there is simply more material that is chocolate here. This is necessary candy to include in this collection for this fact."
"That aren't always sound but other"
"But sitting here thinking about it, that isn't an answer really. It is the answer I am willing to get into with people who ask me why I hunt. The people who ask that question always ask with that smug tone of voice. Like I am a bad person for wanting to provide my own meat."
"Captained by a certain Pep Guardiola, the 1997/98 season introduced Rivaldo to the big time as he helped push Barcelona to their 15th La Liga title and claim a Copa del Rey trophy for good measure. Another title was sealed in the following season whilst on an individual level Rivaldo finished runner-up in the Pichichi tropy. He also became Barcelona’s fourth ever recipient of the European Footballer of the Year award."
"An easily read sign."
"You've noticed that cocktails are all the rage. Probably always been all the rage, except during the late 60s, when they were considered mommy drinks. My mommy."
"Written and Credit to Susan Hu"
"We know when the truth"
"Keith Hudson – Bloody Eyes Track Listing:"
"Baby bear"
"There’s a wild hope,"
"Films include Art of Flight, the latest daredevil snowboarding action sports film from Curt Morgan (Brain Farm) and pro-boarder Travis Rice (produced by Red Bull Media House), Spike Jonze and Arcade Fire‘s Scenes from the Suburbs and Peng Lei’s Follow Follow."
"“White Wash”"
"Myself, I managed to make one bundt in one day, but I picked a good one: not only is November 15th my awesome brother-in-law's birthday, it's also National Bundt Day! I chose one of Mary's very delicious-looking cakes, the Snickerdoodle Bundt, figuring Josh's office would want to help me celebrate such an important holiday. The original recipe was from Dozen Flours."
"Apparently he has had a much publicized battle with depression. My thoughts go out to his children."
"The catalog brochure is available through all three (3) load calc programs by clicking on the pdf button next to the model number when you have the product selected."
"Agamemnon is a watchdog, a forestay, a pillar. His appearance is like the sight of land to sailors who had given up hope, the dawn after a storm, a stream. His return is like that of an “only-begotten son of a father,” upon whom all the family’s happiness depends. These are certainly metaphorical comparisons, and not to be taken literally. And they are deliberately extravagant. In his response, Agamemnon even objects to the words of her “wide-mouthed, extravagant exclaim” as a deification which will bring upon him the jealous anger of the gods. In this ironic way Aeschylus foreshadows and sets in motion the tragic fate of Agamemnon. Longenecker ignores the context and misses the point. He treats the μονογενες τεκνον πατρι literalistically, as if it were some matter-of-fact statement about Agamemnon’s family."
"As you frequent readers of my blog may know, I was wait-listed for France, and, really, the odds of me getting off said wait list are next-to-none. Fine. Whatever. I’ll make another motherflipping plan."
"Ambition also has these traits: it too is more external than internal. Unlike physical desires, which are satisfied simply by consumption, ambition requires the consensus of others. The honor-seeker, for example, has to be honored by as many people as possible in order to be satisfied."
"\"Corina, I feel the same but I like wrestling. I'm good at it and they seem to want me in the fold so why not? What'll it cost? A few weeks of walking around like an idiot. A couple of harmless challenges and we're in. Friends for life. Or at least while we're here at college. I'm going for it.\""
"that all who look upon it"
"Are you training enough? Are you fit enough? Are you strong enough?"
"I've often wondered what love would look like, if I ever found it again. Would it make sense? Would the timing be right? How would I recognize it? Am I so jaded from broken hearts and missteps that it would just pass me by? Or would I know it without a doubt?"
"Level 4: MP Cost: 30, Duration: 40 seconds, 43% chance to not get knocked back."
"Yes, I'm tired . But I'm also glad to be 63. Because, mostly, I'm not going to have to see the world these people are making. I'm just sorry for my granddaughter."
"Old News is Stale News"
"Last week, my husband had to spend a morning in Lunenburg for work. I gladly went along. Lunenburg is a UNESCO world heritage site due to its striking architecture, and a Mecca for a history geek like me."
"New on our website is a Gallery of images taken on the 12″ LX200-ACF Meade Telescope. We have images of planets, nebulae and a globular cluster. Tell us which one is your favourite and why! There are more coming of the Moon, Mars, a galaxy… We look forward to seeing what our students come up with."
"And Allah (swt) informed that He has given a guarantee of victory to those who will defend Allah’s Religion (true Islam). And there is no consideration for the number of men or for the equipment with weapons but (the most important thing) is: The true faith in Allah (swt) and that the victory is (always) from Allah (swt), as Allah (swt) said:"
"While Samantha says she has struggled to make female friends because women are jealous of her beauty, I think the opposite is true for me. The fact I’m no threat in the looks league means I’ve always had lots of pals."
"However, I have some real difficulties with this book. First, the author seems to have simplified the issue of parenting \"good\" kids (which she labels in chapter 2 as kids who ultimately \"don't feel good\") into a simple equation: be intentional and you'll end up with no regrets when you send them out into the world as an adult. I don't know. I think that being intentional about the job of raising children to be responsible adults of good character is important, but I think there's a lot more to doing the job well using the quick 7 step idea program laid out by the author. She just tosses out the \"do this\" and you'll \"get this\" with too much ease."
"As we admired the ants and their diligence, the cracking of twigs underfoot drew our attention away. Shining our torches over yonder, we espied not one, but around 25 coatis, scurrying around in the bushes. Coatis are weird cat-possum-monkey-ish mammals (they look a little bit like lemurs, only not as friendly) – I, unfortunately, was so overcome with seeing such a large group of animals (that weren’t ants) that I was too slow to get my camera out. They milled around looking at us for a few moments, then disappeared into the night. We heard them for the rest of the evening, in the trees, squealing and fighting and making sweet, sweet lurve."
"I was going to email these questions to my brother and then I realized how absolutely, insanely co-dependent they sounded."
"I am confident that it is nothing, terrified it's something, and embarrassed to admit I feel like this is all my fault!"
"I learned a new word while I was over at the Great American Beer Festival. Or rather, I learned a new usage of a word I hadn't really heard for ages."
"Maybe I won’t get the BLT."
"Earlier this week Camra's monthly newspaper was released & it contained an article written by Camra's very own messiah Mr Roger Protz the Editor of the Good Beer Guide. These are excerpts from his article:-"
"I originally wrote this about 2 years ago, within the first week that I started blogging, but nobody read a word I wrote back then, except for my husband, my mother, and 2 friends. How about a little exposure, right??"
"Pineapple Vinaigrette:"
"We serve a God who delights in being in all the details. He is real and present. He cares deeply for our every need. He answers our prayers-the desires of our hearts, in His will. He gives us exactly what we need…sometimes what we need may first come as a trial. Trials encourage our faith. We are given the blessing of His guidance when we face hardships. He is always alongside us. He never leaves us or forsakes us. He is, as Caroline said last night, GIGANTIC. My four year old explained to me that God is so big, He fills everything…our hearts, our homes the world. She gets it…she has blind faith that the Lord is always with her. She is learning to depend on Him in all circumstances."
"Much of the current research is based on anecdotal evidence from users of urine therapy. Nonetheless, its popularity is growing worldwide. The first World Conference on Urine Therapy was held in 1996 in India. Two more conferences were convened at three-year intervals: in 1999 in Germany and in 2003 in Brazil."
"As the boys drove up to the shack, they saw Clydesdale laying in his usual place, stretched out, covering the third step completely. Old man Clooney was nowhere to be found. “Clooney?” Freddie yelled. “I told you he could be gone!” Joshua stated. “Shut uo Josh. He ain’t gone.” J.P replied. “Clooney?” Jaxon screamed. “What the hell do you boys want?” Old man Clooney asked as he walked out of the cabin. “Don’t you know it’s past midnight?” He said as he continued to scold the boys. “We need some shine, Clooney.” Jaxon answered. ”You got any weed?” Freddie asked. “I don’t sell weed. I plant it. I harvest it, and I smoke it. It keeps me young.” Clooney said as he reached into his overall pocket and pulled out a joint. “I got some shine. You know where it is.” He stated. Jaxon walked over to Clydesdale and demanded, “Get off the steps you mangy piece of ..” “Don’t disrespect my dog J.P.” Clooney demanded."
"perhaps his work"
"“Opening your eyes is all that is needing. The heart lies and the head plays tricks with us, but the eyes see true. Look with your eyes. Hear with your ears. Taste with your mouth. Smell with your nose. Feel with your skin. Then comes the thinking, afterward, and in that way knowing the truth.”"
"Okay, I’m back. Yes, I just did it! (I think my neighbors think I’m nuts.) Crazy? Maybe. But, if we can get over ourselves and do crazy things, how much could we influence the environment around us? How much could we influence our community? How much could we influence our own family by bringing some joy into each day by doing crazy stuff to glorify the Lord?"
"When the bottles began exploding in my parents’ dining room, my mother — then a schoolteacher — mistook the sounds of shattering glass for a drive-by shooting. Her students, she thought, had finally found her."
"The other day, I began doing a post, got sidetracked (not hard at all), came back, all the words had disappeared (now remember something happening to browser) so wondered where all my witty remarks had gone..."
"1 tsp. lemon or lime juice"
"One of the best examples of the vile extreme left-wing anti-Semitism came in 2006, when the best-selling Norwegian author Jostein Gaarder wrote an opinion piece called “God’s chosen people’ in the Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten. In this op-ed he stated that the world community could no longer recognize the state of Israel’s right to exist. This was Mr Gaarder’s response to Israel’s justified invasion of Lebanon the same year."
"No I don’t want a magazine deal,"
"You gotta laugh when you see the prices charged in pubs. Laugh all the way to Tesco."
"I was grabbing dinner last night with Little Lord Farquaad (LLF), a former flame/Frenemy with Benefits, when I suddenly found myself entranced by his dark and lovely facial hair."
"On the footballing matters The Rangers (RFC) have enjoyed a dominance over their great rivals winning the Scottish Premier League (SPL) for the last three years at a time when the club has been embroiled in matters of fiscal jurisprudence, first with their bank and lately, with Her Majesty’s Revenue and Customs (HMRC)."
"Shut now, shut in, shut out"
"Luzon Monastrell/Syrah blend- This blend was warm and peppery with a one-two punch of heady red fruit, a hint of mint and a resiny, almost pine-like undertone. It was hot, but clean and not at all overwhelming despite it’s 14% content."
"be cocaine — was found in the"
"Here in Tidewater we are the traditional first notch in the camellia belt that stretches down the coast, across the south all the way to east Texas. In Charleston, where I once spent a three-year vacation, Carolina gardeners are quite proud of their camellias and proud of the fact that the first camellia garden was established at Middleton Place. So I was surprised to learn that actually the first camellias in the country were imported by John Stevens of Hoboken, New Jersey in 1797 or 1798 (after all, it is the Garden State). I was also surprised to learn that three out of my twelve camellias orginated in, California (another great camellia state) at Nuccio's Nurseries, including one of my favorite's, Camellia japonica 'Nuccio's Gem'. Ultimately, all camellias originated in the Orient and have a history there spanning millennia, so I should just let go of the notion that they are somehow especially southern."
"By ‘Dayo Farore"
"So my oldest child, he knows how to make me eat humble pie or crow or however you would like to phrase it. And I respect him a little more each time he does it, to be honest."
"When six members of the nation’s highest court appeared last week at the State of the Union address, Justice Samuel Alito was seen whispering “not true” and shaking his head as President Obama criticized a ruling that allows unlimited corporate campaign contributions. The incident garnered so much attention for the typically overlooked bench that it may become the standard for the release of legal opinions."
"She was the leader of what became known in Israel as the Coastal Massacre. On March 11, 1978, Mughrabi led a band of eleven terrorists who murdered several people in cold blood, including an American photographer, Gail Rubin. They then hijacked a bus filled with families going on an outing."
"we wanted to keep on chatting, so I walked back to her hotel with her."
"10. A SUNDAY IN MADRID (6:05)"
"Bugsy (Warren Beatty), Bugsy (1991)"
"…So you wrote it, but the actual reading, etc. was done by experts? Well, gee, Mr. Baucus, WHY DON’T WE HIRE THEM TO BE OUR SENATORS? I means if you guys don’t read, understand and vote on bills based on that understanding, why don’t we pick senators who will? You know, cut out the middle man."
"Prestyn - Ivory Size 6"
"The night of the workshop, I went to see Candice performing in the School of Contemporary Bellydance end of year show as a guest performer. My goodness she is amazing! A different style to my lovely teacher (Paige Adamson of Abbracia Bellydance, amazing in her own right) but really awesome. She did a dance with two pairs of isis wings, and somehow managed to unclip them very subtly to take them off for a drum solo. Her second dance was great as well, she managed to work comedy into it, which I've actually never seen so far in live performances. It was great to see such an amazing dancer have fun with it and not take herself too seriously."
"I'm feeling so lucky of having the opportunity to live here for (at least) a couple of years. It's like being on holiday all the time, even after more than 1.5 years of living here...."
"First up is \"Happy Retirement\", which includes one scripture stamp, two sentiments, and a super gorgeous (and dreamy) scene.....perfect to use not only for retirement cards, but anything from vacation scrapbooks, birthday cards, encouragement, and much more!"
"when will you be ready to treat others the way you want to be treated? when will you forgive as god has forgiven you?"
"“Yes, right away,” Hannah said. After making one last check for dirty clothes in the bedrooms, she made her way down to the basement. The sparse room seemed dingy and damp, in stark contrast to the fresh spring day she had seen from her upstairs window. She’d much rather be outside, but the laundry must be done."
"Style: West Coast Pale Ale"
"The hCG hormone kicks up the metabolism, by signaling the body to burn more fat. Following the hCG diet protocol your metabolism with operate over 30%–a much more efficient level to burn, rather than store. In other diets the metabolism has not changed, and following the diet will continue to run at the same rate, which in most of us dieters has been found to be at only 8%."
"About promotions...I am awful at it. I would like to play in the States or anywhere for that matter. My dream is to find some people to heal together with."
"Father God, thank you for the beauty of each and every person. Lord, I bind any twisted lustful desires in our youth and adults today. Lord, I ask by the power of your resurrection that the sin be destroyed so that our youth, and adults of today can experience sexual desires as you have created them to be. Lord, that they be an example of your image and not flesh. Lord, remove any demonic force or authority, from their mind, body, thoughts, and spirit. Father God, may they confess their sins, and broken soul ties and curses. God take control and authority over every demon that has inhabited their mind, will, and emotions, and body because of ungodly friendships they have engaged in. They are who you have given them authority to be. Say to yourself: I AM WHO GOD SAYS I AM"
"Clench was not married and had no children. His funeral is scheduled to take place next week in St. John's."
"The Flower Lady"
"Zumba is an equalizer."
"About this time, the APUSH teachers began searching for a monograph on Vietnam to add to the spring reading list. Our initial choice, George C. Herring’s diplomatic history, America’s Longest War: The United States and Vietnam, 1950-1975 (New York, 1979), was solid and objective but pretty dry for high school seniors. The next year, we selected Al Santoli’s Everything We Had: An Oral History of the Vietnam War (New York, 1981). This went over much better with our students because of its autobiographical emphasis, but Santoli gave little attention to the events, decisions, or blunders that had hurled his witnesses into the maelstrom of war."
"Dagsavisen received over 40 million kroner in state subsidies in 2011 alone, more than any other newspaper in the country. The newspaper has been on life support for years, and would most likely go bankrupt without this continuous blood transfusion that is forcibly sponsored by Norwegian taxpayers of all political colors."
"* Okay, truthfully, we may not be quite done with the willful disobedience yet. Or ever. Kid's stubborn as a mule, with the temper of an irritable bear on occasion. I can't imagine where he gets it.**"
"In the previous example, I broke the first rule of writing—show don’t tell. “She was beautiful” is classic telling. Here’s how to show she was beautiful:"
"Rev 2:4-5 (NIV) “Yet I hold this against you: You have forsaken your first love… Repent and do the things you did at first. If you do not repent, I will come to you and remove your lampstand from its place.”"
"“I didn’t say that. You two can be by-standers.”"
"‘That same week, I fired all my difficult clients. Can you imagine that?’ He laughed bitterly. ‘Which agency fires a bunch of clients because they are difficult? All at one time? Maybe I was doing it for her, maybe I was making amends… or maybe I was doing it for myself, I don’t know. But I won’t over-commit myself again, just for the money they bring in. It’s not worth it.’"
"suspended in fragrance"
"as the stars declare His glory."
"Born at Ground Zero"
"I have several things to post about including awesome food in Sydney but instead i'm blogging about about the one thing that I kind of want to blog about."
"Rachel Taylor of Simply Social Chicago led the more advanced workshop, “Social Media 201: Sharpening My Skills.” Rachel delved into topics like creating a content calendar, using Facebook ads and more."
"We look back at Hamlet as a masterpiece, a great artistic achievement. But in truth, Hamlet was a commercial work. All of Shakespeare’s plays were. He made his living as a playwright and an actor. The success of his plays determined how well he could eat and live. He was dependent on the audience returning to the Globe for more of his plays. Their entertainment directly determining his own living situation. If an audience rebelled and scorned an ending or play they did not like, you could be sure Shakespeare learned from those mistakes."
"What are your thoughts on this latest collection? Is it repelling or enticing?"
"We've had a long night here. Pretty ready for the Daddy to come home on Thursday. I never would have survived the deployment with a baby... You mamas who do are way tough, tougher than me... And don't ever let 'em tell ya different!"
"of early mornings and was absolutely uninspired to write anything."
"I bought this sarong from the Cancer Research shop a few weeks ago with the idea of turning it into something for the Lattes. The pattern was an easy choice - though I love sewing when I get started, my impetus to start usually comes from frugality rather than desire - so I went for the free oliver + s downloadable pattern for a popover sundress."
"She cannot ask her parents as she has been told they are part of the entire Christmas conspiracy. So, like any child, she decides to wait up for Santa to make his appearance in the one room closest to the roof where he lands his sleigh – the attic."
"\"I can't get used to this time change,\" she said, shaking her head. \"And this wind, ugh.\""
"“For the foolishness of God is wiser than man’s wisdom, and the weakness of God is stronger than man’s strength”(1 Cor. 1:25)."
"Bake for 20-25 minutes until golden brown. Brush with melted butter after removing from the oven."
"Sick of the direction her thoughts were taking, Melanie set aside the laptop and scrambled off the bed. She paced the room, but the ice blue walls, the blond furniture, and frilly eyelet curtains—so not her taste—made her long for open spaces. She yanked off her brown shorts and beige tank top, pulled on her just-washed desert clothes, gathered her cell phone, camera, extra memory card, canteen, and stepped outside."
"- Aly"
"“A bit cheeky perhaps,” I replied. “But we can’t punish them for admiring your lingerie.”"
"I’m not moving up there because of hormones, or teenaged love. There is no one out there; so just accept it."
"Since I have such difficulty finding hats, since my hair is so big. And I see no advice in fashion magazines or even the blogs, despite the minor hawking of hats as coming back and pimping out of hats that YOU can wear, unless, you know, your hair swallows it, I was thrilled to find the rules of thumb for hats in the pages of this tome."
"Of course I can blame it on the fact that we rarely go to bed before 1:00 am, we have no Pup who needs to be walked or given breakfast ... if he were here, things would be different."
"So here is the pitch: You buy the file which has 10 cards on a page + personalize using Adobe Acrobat Reader + print on card stock or on Avery Business card pre-cut paper and voila! I thought you could also include a CD of the file in case the teacher wants to make more :)"
"Once again, the wine charges in and smashes the place up. This is my favourite wine style in the world. I often have it with fish, but here the acidity once again just creates noise. The beer fares a little better - there's the beginnings of a herby matching of flavours. But I'm not blown away. A narrow beer victory for me, and a total split in the room."
"Remember that all those 12 men had witnessed all the miracles performed in front of their eyes, they had listen Jesus Christ teaching all wonderful teachings, instructions and parables we read also in the Bible."
"THE rich world’s troubles and inequalities have been making headlines for some time now. Yet a more important story for human welfare is the persistence of yawning gaps between the world’s haves and have-nots. Adjusted for purchasing power, the average American income is 50 times that of a typical Afghan and 100 times that of a Zimbabwean. Despite two centuries of economic growth, over a billion people remain in dire poverty."
"Adler SP. Molecular epidemiology of cytomegalovirus: viral transmission among children attending a day care center, their parents, and caretakers. J Pediatr 1988; 112: 366-372."
"It also needed a great deal of organisation to switch from one colour to the next placing the shuttle and ball out of the way......and a great deal of concentration at first to make sure that the chains lay on top of each other in the correct order. I got this wrong in the very first chain but think it's a great feature to make a specific top to the egg motif!!"
"Ava is a very logical kid. If you have a fourhead, why wouldn't you have a fivehead? or a twohead or three head for that matter. We were recently in Michigan visiting friends who have a daughter the same age as Ava. Like Ava, she's a little smarty pants. She does attend preschool, but advised me in no uncertain terms that although she does go to school, she does not NEED to go to school. She's the smartest one in the class...and the teacher's favorite. She and Ava were assisting with brownie making and assigned the task of stirring to the count of 10. Miss Smart says to Ava, \"I can count to 1000!\" Not to be outdone, Ava replies, \"Well, I can count to 2010!\" (Now, Ava constantly throws numbers at me asking if it is the biggest number ever. 2010 (twenty-ten) is a current favorite. I thought it was because of the year, but I was wrong.) Miss Smart says, \"There is no 2010.\" Ava says, \"Yes there is: 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 2010 (twenty-ten)!\" No response. Soft laughter from me and Miss Smart's mommy. Later: reminder to Ava that 30 comes after 29. Days later: we counted to 2010 again. Another reminder that 30 comes after 29. \"Mom, I know that but I like to shake things up.\" Seriously. She said that. She's still 4."
"For families, this guide will enable them to make informed choices about a variety of medical decisions they may face on behalf of loved ones with dementia living in nursing homes, assisted living facilities, and other types of care facilities. It will also equip families to ask good questions aimed at obtaining the best care for their loved ones, including a handy checklist of comfort care measures to be discussed with staff members of care facilities."
"The longer I’m without you"
"Evan, king of Powys, returns from a wedding to find a village ransacked, with women and children dead. Neighboring Gwynedd has broken the peace, crossing the mountain to pillage and murder. The dead babes tear his heart, and Evan vows to break the heart of Gwynedd."
"Me: \"Sure.\""
"There are only about fifty Honus Wagner's cards but most of them are in poor condition. Wagner did not want his image on a tobacco card and was therefore removed from the set which already make his card harder to obtain. The book is about the one known as The Card. Once owned by hockey legend Wayne Gretzky, this card is in excellent condition and that's the problem. The Card is possibly in too good condition. You can refinish classic antiques and paintings get retouched but baseball cards must not be altered. There are card doctors who remove stains, smooth out wrinkles, build up soft corners, change memorabilia patches, and laser rough edges. The book explores the serious doubts about the authenticity of The Card and its current condition."
"needs a little LOVE."
"A1: Uh-huh. Our new kitty died."
"I was immediately pleased with Don Antonio’s menu. Vegetarian items are marked with a “(V)”, and vegan items (yes, there are vegan items at a pizza place!) are marked with a “(VE)”. There’s even a small gluten-free section."
"Which makes me wonder what this little nomadic penguin was thinking when it decided to swim to warmer shores. What is the real story behind the journey? Was the penguin out hunting with his pack, and got lost? Did a big nasty seal interfere and scare the penguin, bearing in mind that this penguin is not very old. I think it would be wonderful to be able to communicate with these animals on some level to actually find out what their stories are. Especially the story of a traveller like this one. Could be an awfully good little children’s book series."
"9. A gun or rifle, with the head of the family or a member who knows how to operate a gun, and has no issue with shooting and attacker."
"DNA testing isn’t for wimps. I’m not describing the kind of bravery one needs to physically endure such testing - it’s an emotional waiting game of a lifetime and will suck the life right out of you. When the DNA kit arrived, I looked at it and set it aside for 2 days and contemplated the process as if it were a Pandora’s Box, ready to wreak havoc with my life. I couldn’t have been more accurate with anything other than that very analogy!"
"\"Something has to be done,\" he said."
"Tear-gas, as well as a foul liquid called “The Skunk”, which is shot from a water cannon, is often used inside the built up area of the village, or even directly pointed into houses, in a way that allows no refuge for the uninvolved residents of the village, including children and the elderly. The interior of at least one house caught fire and was severely damaged after soldiers shot a tear-gas projectile through its windows."
"Don’t confuse this with the usual advice of “take time for you” or “take time out for your relationship” that you’ll hear from everyone. This applies strictly to when you are sick. Here’s why:"
"I am posting a loose edit. Why? Sometimes, I am afraid that I do not make the right final choice. But, I'm sure this is a common feeling amongst photographers, especially now that so much is shot in the digital world. I only get 12 shots per roll. And I'm thankful for that. It makes me focus. And I like to focus."
"Please leave a comment I will read all."
"Here's how you do it:"
"Therefore, the word is received casually if not indifferently as the word of man, that is to say, without effect. Perhaps we have been filling up on verbal “junk food” and have dulled our appetites for “real food” by the profusion of much speaking of our own that leaves us sated if not bloated, and therefore we suffer malnutrition in the midst of seeming plenty. Certainly we lack the evidence of growth and change that the word of God should accomplish, and we seem fixed in our immaturity and shallowness."
"I guess the reason for this is because we had no idea where Doug was so the missing person concept added thrill to the story, in the second movie we all had a feeling that Teddy was somewhere close to where they woke up from and that they’d find him in the end anyway."
"Tickets are on sale soon and will be £3 for students and £4 for adults."
"Melissa Peda's table runner is so cute! It is made with six inch blocks that feature fussy cut Bleeding Hearts (from the Strawberry Serenade fabric) down the center and Primrose Posy triangles down the side. The bright white and blue blocks add a sense of humour."
"The content, for the most part, is good. It’s just the packaging that often is irritating. The way to fix it is to have more copy editors and a more experienced desk, but we know that McClatchy isn’t going to do that. Even if it did that, it wouldn’t reclaim all of the institutional knowledge that was let go."
"This morning while I was on the bus, there was an older lady who was anxious about when and where to get off the bus. I ask her where she wanted to get off, and she said colombo st. I said my school is that way so I know when she needs to hop off the bus."
"I was sent a video by my friend Rehan today on You Tube, a wonderful song called Where do you go to my lovely? It’s both beautiful and sad, particularly the last few lines. I’ve been listening to it on and off for most of the day."
"I am your worst fear. I am a dream come true."
"…it didn’t last very long…"
"- I went snorkeling in underground caves (my personal fave moment.)"
"1½ tablespoons sugar to the onions, and continue cooking 5 more minutes."
"Through clenched teeth, Rel said, \"You're not a Four Knot anymore.\" It wasn't going to knock her back this time the way it had earlier, but if they were going to stand on the formalities of the law then so was he."
"I thought talking to others about how we're trying and putting on a happy face about it would make me feel better about having kids, and I would just think to myself \"oh, I'm just nervous about becoming a mom, no big deal.\""
"She still stares exactly as she did that very first time, that kind of unwavering, uncompromising stare that actors try to perfect in order to be dubbed 'the new Pacino'. For the rest, she’s constantly changing, evolving."
"They both claim to be in love for 5years."
"I tend to think in terms of ability scores as a limit, with skills defining actual competency within that context. If you have average Dexterity and train to be an acrobat, you will be an average acrobat; you will be better than an untrained person, and you will be better than other average acrobats if you've had more experience, but you will never be better than a trained acrobat with high Dexterity."
"The fact that an issuer of perpetuals can forgo a dividend payout without triggering default also places a big emphasis on the features to protect investors if such an event occurs."
"We’ll write in regards to the genuine interests of our readers"
"But still – what to call it instead of Coach? “model-helper”, “model-assistant” or what do you think?"
"Have you ever felt like you were a small cog in a big machine?"
"for Magic of the Mundane. I so love this idea because it totally falls in line with my desire to get back to simple. It can be a picture, a poem or song, a short video or anything else that celebrates the Magic. So often, we get caught up in \"where we're going\" that we forget to look at the beauty of \"where we are.\""
"Well after a long walk at that pace you are usually hungry, especially if you are used to eat normal without a diet plan. But I believe that how much you eat is all just a choice. However, according to Tom Venuto in the Burn the Fat,Feed the Muscle program you must also avoid starving yourself, as this will slow down you Metabolism and that will tell your body to go into shock. This may not seem strange to some people, but your body actually holds back all the energy at this stage which means NO fat Burning."
"What I did not mention in this story is the larger issue of theft. Effectively there was none, for the same reasons the renter of the car was unconcerned about details of who I was. If everyone knows everyone in a small island, stealing will be difficult to accomplish without getting caught. If I steal your TV, how will I keep it a secret without living a cloistered life? Word travels like wildfire and learn of the theft immediately, all eyes will be on the lookout, and invariably, someone will learn of its new home."
"When the most massive stars exhaust their available fuel and reach the end of their lives, they explode as supernovae, tremendously powerful explosions that are briefly brighter than an entire galaxy of normal stars. The remnants of these dramatic events also release vast numbers of high-energy charged particles known as galactic cosmic rays (GCR). If a supernova is close enough to the Solar System, the enhanced GCR levels can have a direct impact on the atmosphere of the Earth."
"I am happy to report that, despite a trip to South Africa (Cape Town for the weekend! – which is always quite dangerous on the culinary front) in between, I have not cheated, I have exercised at least every second day for an hour or so, and"
"- Plays a key role in skin protection and DNA repair"
"And speaking of personalities, you and your groom should both feel comfortable with the person you’re interviewing. Your wedding photographer will be in your face all day and should be someone you like and want to be around."
"‘Well, I did sleep really well and I have been eating a lot lately.’ – Quote from the 5 year old when I asked him if he’d been growing again."
"Icy roads and slick sidewalks increase the chances of accidents. Know your liability and do what you can to minimize your exposure. If your property is slippery, get out and remove the ice, lay down a gritting agent, or put signs in easy view so visitors and employees will know to proceed with caution. Train your employees regarding Winter safety including heating and generator use."
"Since it is May 1st, it is time for a new In Focus theme and I have the honor of announcing it!"
"things have been so busy lately but i have made so much progress in terms of the wedding! i decided to start collecting various milk-glass pieces for the flower arrangements for the reception. my mom and i have been antiquing like mad and i've collected about a dozen pieces so far. i promise i'll post pics soon. i can't wait to see them on the tables with white hydrangeas or peonies or gardenias or magnolias -- i know! i need to talk to a florist and start making some decisions! anyway, is anyone else collecting milk glass? i think it's a beautiful way to incorporate history as well as a wonderful way to recycle beautiful things from the past. and it's been so much fun!"
"I don't have a picture of my weekend, but I do have some great Easter images to share. Will that do?"
"Nothing here ever changes,"
"and sigh the same."
"For my frame on the front I cut up a photo sleeve and adhered it to the back of the frame as protection for the photo. I then used a Hampton Art Smile stamp using embossing ink and embossing powder on the lower right corner."
"On that note, have you ever stopped to consider that Jesus repeatedly offers forgiveness of sins to those he meets before his death by saying, “your sins are forgiven” or “your faith has saved you”? This does not make sense when viewed from the perspective of the “blood hymns” that require faith in a sacrificial interpretation of Jesus’ death, but it makes perfect sense from the perspective of the anti-sacrifice prophets that require faith in a non-sacrificial path of compassion."
"The alternatives have been tried, and their disastrous consequences make even our present horrors look a price worth paying by comparison.Thank fuck you finally said that - I really was beginning to worry. But you've still missed the important point that it is not capitalism that's in crisis because what's brought us to this point is a twisted and bastardised version of it. Capitalism's evil twin if you like.** In fact I'd say that what we have is in fact one of the alternatives that so horrifies you (and me for that matter).So self-evidently desirable and beneficial are these pillars of the market economy that even China, after years of fighting them, is embracing them as quickly as it dares. But China wants the benefits, not the excesses, and so far, in this giant experiment in market liberalisation, it seems to be getting them.I'm just speculating here, but I wonder if the Chinese government would bail out failed businesses. If so maybe it's that knowledge that the government will not be there to help sticks in the minds of the new Chinese capitalists and encourages a more cautious approach.Indeed, the self-confidence of Chinese leaders, and those from other emerging markets in Davos this week, is in marked contrast to the self-loathing and disharmony which has engulfed the advanced economies. China has had a good crisis, and has plenty it can now teach the West about the merits of hard work over entitlement, long-term thinking over short-term gain, saving over borrowing, and investment over debt-fuelled consumption."
"I consider myself incredibly lucky. This book wasn't even on my radar, despite some glowing reviews, when Simon & Schuster sent it through to me. Thanks to them, I've had my eyes opened to a truly thrilling world of the Sidhe courts and mysteries unsolved."
"I had methodically gone through the pros and cons of every job on offer to me and I had made my decision for the best of reasons."
"‘Well, sort of Lugg, but he…’"
"So, the next time that you fail at something, especially if it is in your walk with God, remember that He is perfect so that those who follow him never have to be while still on this Earth. Be blessed that you have the ability to know what failure is, but how sweet redemption will be in the end of all things. If our God is for us, then there is no defeat, and no loss. There is only triumph!"
"Hope you are all having a wonderful weekend!"
"“Whaddya do to my Mookie?” she screamed. “We got laws protecting animals here! You’re not in Mexico!”"
"Number of pages I revised = 57"
"Let’s return, then, to God’s Love, Power, and Fatherhood, and address some of the issues raised by their abstraction. As we do this we must keep in mind that because of the one-way ladder we can never work from human definitions upwards, but must always work from God’s self-revelation to us. We do not know what ‘Love’ truly is, except by gazing at God in Christ. And that means human love is an utterly insufficient platform from which to make determinations about God. From God’s perspective, however, the purest expression of His Love, revealed to us, is the Cross—a very different picture of love than what we would choose! But it is one that in its severity and costliness makes some sense of a doctrine of Hell. We do not know what ‘Power’ is except by looking at God in Christ, and what we see in him is a person who rejected earthly power in favor of Heavenly submission. Christ’s power meant submitting to the will of God, that is, to crucifixion. Once again, this is profoundly opposed to our human definition of power! Thus, the Power of God is revealed in the submission of Christ to the plan of God—that is, power revealed in self-limitation to the constraints of God’s character. In this way, the question of the stone-too-heavy-to-lift is brought into focus as an absurdity. It is based on an abstraction of power that is separated from God’s character—as if God could violate Himself! Lastly, we don’t know what Fatherhood is except by looking at the Son and the Father in relationship. And here we come to see that the Fatherhood of God sets the parameters for His mission to the world—to bring His beloved children home to Him. And thus God is the One “from whom all Fatherhood in heaven and on earth derives its name” (Eph 3:15). Our idea of ‘Father’ must be informed by God, and not the other way round."
"buy the hardcover for a ridiculously low price."
"No sooner is he dead and gone, there's blessed pulpits-full;"
"Blankets or sleeping bag"
"Kaotoxin Records is an up-and-coming French label specialising in extreme metal, and has already put out releases by bands like Brutal Truth, Gronibard, Lycanthrophy, Magrudergrind and many more. M3 contacted label manager Nico for an insight into independent distribution, and to discuss the definition of ‘art’ in the digital age, the pros and cons of copyright and the label’s history…"
"Right after graduation Dan went into the hospital for a routine tonsillectomy. He was 17, older than the average age for the procedure but not unusual. The surgery was not routine. His carotid artery was nicked during the procedure. It seemed to be healing, but days later when the scabs fell off and the artery expanded it began to bleed."
"After all, one plans on having this animal for it's lifetime and build a great bond and possibly achieve great heights in sport, or just have a safe family horse that anyone can safely ride or drive. Why should training take 30 days...or 3 months? It is a process that lasts a lifetime. The horse deserves a good foundation."
"Under quiet, laboratory conditions, both groups – the bilingual and the English-only-speaking students – responded similarly."
"From time to time, I've scanned travel guides for French visitors to the U.S., and I've even spent some time lurking in a few on-line travel forums where the French pose their pressing questions about U.S. travel. I thought there might be a post in it but, since most of the questions appear to be about how best to structure a three week RV vacation in the great American West, something I've never done or even contemplated, I pretty much dropped the idea. I mean, I'd like to see the Grand Canyon sometime (although preferably not from the window of a Winnebago) but I'll leave that to another time and place."
"Mr Dimattina's parents knew he had a learning difficulty of some kind from an early age. His mother, who had three older children, realised there was something wrong when he did not start speaking until age five. \"If I was the eldest, I don't think she would have known there was a problem,\" he says."
"Stiff peaks. Nice stiff peaks. They are the secret to perfect meringues. Hell, they’re the secret to lots of things. But that’s not the kind of blog I’m writing. Back to food."
"at the thought of what was lost"
"Looking forward to: Our 4D ultra sound at the end of this month!! I cannot WAIT to see detail pictures of our little noodle."
"This beach house by BKK changes everything you envisage about a holiday house, while keeping all the simple ideals of the shack of my childhood."
"Do you have a bus?"
"Well he invented Bureaucracy."
"The company had previously lauded the bill as an important “first step towards addressing significant problems in cyber security” when it was first proposed last November."
"Adult categories of ﬁction, and to me these two go hand in"
"Today the sun stood still in declination; today the world only slivered before the coming of the night; today tonight rushed forth in happy ecstasy; today, or now, dawn is nearly here."
"Lucky for me, I have never let my 30 seconds in the presence of Willie Mays taint any memory I have of him. Really, that's because I have no memory of him. He is still the myth. He is still larger than life. He is still forever young. Say Hey!"
"“You know you’re right,” Ash said softly switching to a subject with old pain instead of new, “Mom is going to be really upset.”"
"That’s why I give myself to no one else but You"
"losing myself in your thoughts"
"30. Hurt So Bad—Lettermen"
"Yeah, this green belt matches nothing in the outfit. I’m pretending it’s brown."
"They lived a long, loving life together."
"I think it’s a tie between Audrey Lucas from Audrey’s Door, and Lois Larkin from The Missing. Both had very dark sides, and I sympathized with both. I guess, for the sake of theme, I could throw in Susan Marley from The Keeper. I like writing about messed-up chicks with brains, bad pasts, and serious challenges."
"GREAT discussion on Minimalism today, guys. I had a really good time talking with you guys about the design and aesthetics, and poking a little fun at it, too! Thank you for making it enjoyable as well as informative!"
"God is smilin' on you but he's frownin' too"
"Wichita Kansas"
"Place dumplings on a baking sheet and brush with the beaten egg. Bake for 30-40 minutes or until pastry is golden and the apples are just tender. Insert a toothpick to be sure. Serve warm with vanilla ice cream."
"Little did he know that OUR cat CAN catch! Well, he fetches, much like a dog...and returns it."
"Today the unicorn welcomes author Pauline Fisk, who tells us how she came to write her Smarties Prize winning novel MIDNIGHT BLUE, now relaunched just in time for Christmas as an e-book for Kindle... over to you, Pauline!"
"I'm excited to announce that I've just launched my new line of locker magnets. Right now, all of my designs are revolving around the upcoming New Moon movie premiere, but I have lots more ideas to come."
"-1/3 cup butter, softened"
"Of all the rights of women, the greatest is to be a mother"
"Super easy. Mix dry ingredients together: flour, sugar, baking soda, baking powder and salt."
"• Green Onions (Scallions) – Mom gave me these as well, I’ve never grown onions not as a set before, so we’ll see how they go. I’m keeping my fingers crossed for these, they should be pretty versatile to cook with."
"Labuschagne also used the opportunity to deny that the Minister would have to return the liver she received in a 2007 transplant. She attacked the \"general belief\" that Tshabalala-Msimang \"only got the liver because she was Health Minister at the time, and that she pulled rank to jump the queue\"."
"“This is the first year generation that has come through and we’re doing well so there’s a system that works.”"
"Odd thing is that the people who DO NOT have children gave my daughter gift receipts. (reminder to self - thank these people and buy them nicer gifts next year!) The people WITH children did not give gift receipts. Huh? Don't we all know that once we have kids it is an unwritten rule that you always GIVE the gift receipts? OK unless you re-gift. Which, by the way, I am 100% OK with."
"Wilbur is a mutt. Which is my favorite kind of dog. And he is the sweetest dog you'll ever meet. (Although a little exuberant. We're working hard to teach him not to jump.) All the kids in the neighborhood love him, and with a face like his, who wouldn't?*"
"I spent the afternoon chatting with other volunteers and learning about what goes on there. I started mulching and then helped turn over and move some compost piles. They get their food scraps once a week from the SF Zen Center located just up the street. I have to say, the smell, well it was pretty ripe. I finished up by sampling some of cherry tomatoes that were freshly picked."
"T-shirts. when I called her I learned that her precious son, Scott had"
"Mother! Mother! I want to go to my mother! One Mrs Botha walked over to her to console her. She was just telling the child that she would soon see her mother again, when she was brusquely interrupted by one of the nurses who told her not to interfere with the child as she was a nuisance.\" Shortly afterwards, Lizzie van Zyl died."
"When you want to bake the cookies, preheat the oven to 350°F/170°C."
"So what do our kids really need from these years? Well, they need to learn a lot of stuff. Humans are wired to learn -- to be curious and to try to fit into the tribe. Kids left to their own devices in a rich (not necessarily \"enriched\") environment will learn. Just try to stop them. They constantly watch, listen, absorb, ask questions, think, space out, poke things, and try new stuff. Do we need to focus on teaching them particular things at particular times? If we grown-ups need to know something, we go learn it. Why should we set the schedule for them? Do we have some special knowledge that they will need a particular skill or bit of knowledge to fulfill some goal later in life? No, we don't. More importantly, no manner of assessment will guarantee that they will learn (really learn) anything we decide to teach them. We learn best when what we're learning is interesting, entertaining, fulfilling for us. We learn best when curiosity drives exploration and study, not when a syllabus and a class bell announce the next subject. As long as Joe and I have the luxury of being responsible for our kids' education, the best things we can do to prepare them for adulthood are to (a) introduce them to our world by sharing our interests and our daily lives with them, and (b) listen to them and help them find answers, resources, and new ideas in whatever direction their curiosity pulls them."
"Additions to the Complete List of Blogs — Soon!"
"Standard disclaimers: I can’t ensure that these events will go ahead, that they’ll be good, or that I will be going to them. This is just a list of things I found that looked like they might be interesting, so please do not contact me to ask for your event to be included. That’s not the way it works."
"There is a useful explanation of the science involved on a site"
"Further ahead this route leads to the Fort Canning Park. Have not managed to get photographs yet. The weather has not gone my way each time I pass by this way. Another time."
"So…. Robin got a top three callout? Strange? Not. I actually like Robin, despite all her imperfections. I thought she was hilarious on the show, and had good photos for the most part. Back to this, I love it. Her stomach looks great, her age, height and weight considered and I love the swimwuit shes wearing even if the pose isnt good. Ill also give her props for her face, which is probaly the best part of the photo, its so dreamy and gorgeous, and she managed to look younger than her 26 years."
"It was a lovely, busy, noisy week. We're pooped!"
"Applicants Sought for Bloomington Arts Commission"
"The left wishes to govern and favours a multi party government. The possibilities are slim especially since the Communist party refuses to cooperate with any other party."
"At 9:30 pm… we decided that we were too tired to continue and we still had a two-hour drive back home. So, we said our good byes and headed home. All in all, it was an extremely interesting and long day. It makes me very happy that Michael and I didn’t have a traditional wedding. It also made me wonder if all of that was really necessary."
"But specifically:"
"For Tempering"
"Today Eric and I went to the Versailles train station to make my reservations for Geneva. He parked in the taxi parking place (which everyone does here) but unfortunately his car got towed away. It took us one hour to get the reservation because the people were so slow. I wanted to start organizing them in a better fashion...."
"It makes me think it may just be an interesting year."
"Hints / Tips"
"“March 2006: Canada was the first country (after Israel) to cut its assistance to the Palestinian Authority. The aid cutoff, which was designed to sow division within Palestinian society, had devastating social effects.”"
"with this wordless beauty, an"
"Second, the lawsuit implies that medical information is a perfect system. That test results are never accidentally mixed up. That testing is black and white in the first place. That a definitive diagnosis can always be made. It simply is not that way. This suit requires physicians to be right, every time, with every diagnosis, or they are at the mercy of the legal system."
"In 2011, the Ministry of Education reported that 19 schools had recorded a 0% pass rate after sitting for their public examinations. The worst affected were rural schools where the majority had recorded zero"
"My buddy Leslie (different than our former favorite blog buddy Leslie) and I met up with Tracey and her cousin, Dawn at 9am when the doors opened. I've never ever gone or done Black Friday before b/c it's just not my bag. But 9am and cheap shoes? That I can handle. Most of the run on shoes seemed to be for mens and kids shoes. It wasn't nearly as crowded as one might expect so it was good. I picked up these for $4 (that's right, $4). They retailed for $42 and are actually kids shoes. They're a size 6 in girls which fits my 7/7.5 feet perfectly. I also snagged some Hunter wellies that I'll post soon!"
"Both these stories are examples of primitive, tribal thinking. It is a mindset based on an axis of honor vs. shame. We know that the bizarre family in Florida will get due justice. In fact, they’ll get a whole lot more time and more hearings than they deserve, given the mandarin-like environment of our justice system."
"Kamla Rani’s government booked prime time on all local television….a virtual media blitz….to trot out David Abdullah, Makandal Daaga, Ashworth Jack, Prakash Ramadhar and the Rani herself to remind us that we must be afraid of the PNM….doh put the PNM back there…We do real thing for all yuh….look old ppl could travel on bus and ferry for free…look we increase NIS…look…look…look….and you start to realise that the reason Kamla Rani’s speeches sound so desperate and out of touch is that she is desperately out of touch."
"Into the folder cabinet,"
"Yes, that mesmerizing mass purveyor of aspiration, desire and self-awareness regularly airs commercials these days that show Americans of different races and ethnicities interacting in integrated schools, country clubs, workplaces and homes, bonded by their love of the products they consume."
"June 14th, 2011 Villa il Trebbiolo becomes our “home away from home” for reflection and transformation with the first retreat led by the one and only Scott. It’s our hope to be part of the continuing story, offering relaxing and life-changing experiences at this historic Tuscan site."
"You'll notice, as she's being denied panties, that there's a number on her uniform. Which is nothing new, as most prisons, clinics and sanatoriums give their \"guests\" a number (it's a tried and true method when it comes to dehumanizing the people you want to control). What is new, however, is the punishment for when someone fails to use it while referring to either themselves or the other inmates. For example, if you say, see Abbie across the room and you would like to get her attention, don't call out, \"Abbie.\" Instead, try shouting her number, which, in Abbie's case, is 41 (be careful, though, I'm not sure if Greta allows shouting within the walls of her clinic). If you don't, you'll get your number branded just above your left breast. Nowadays, of course, that wouldn't be seen as much of a punishment, as self-mutilation is all the rage. But back in the 1970s, the surface of your flesh was sacred, and having a number burnt into your chest would no doubt severely cramp your style."
"I wish I could take credit for this incredible dragon design but the inspiration for this one comes from none other then the cupcake whisperer, Karen Tack. This cupcake design, which I tried my very best to replicate, comes from her latest book, Cupcakes, Cookies & Pie, Oh My!, due out January 31st. I was very fortunate and excited to receive an advanced copy. More about her new book coming soon!"
"Luke: Oh, I can't believe I forgot the Samoas!"
"Our tickets were for the Saturday matinee. This wouldn't have been a problem except Friday night was Girls Night Out, organized by a friend to celebrate another friend who just ran the Boston Marathon. We salute you, Seattle Mom."
"Oh in the Tower of Song"
"Congratulations to London Metropolitan University (one of this country's \"older\" bastions of learning, founded in 2002) for demonstrating some supreme fuckwittery."
"This doesn’t keep well unless you’re into the soggy chip thing, and well, some people are. I’m not hating. I’m just sayin’. You go right on ahead and get down with your bad self and that pile of leftover soggy-chipped taco salad if that is what floats your boat."
"Although we are not experiencing the full effect of the cyclone the Kruger National Park has had some very heavy rain and the consequences, although damaging are quite spectacular."
"Something tickled his eyelashes as it pressed onto his face, and no strength of will could keep him from blinking. Clearsight departed and only then did the light disappear. The pressure on his face was warm, a hand covering his eyes, but his nerves were so raw that he didn't notice the panic until it was past. Taslin had covered his eyes, forced him to break out of Clearvision."
"Take a look around, enter your information to be added to the map (use the \"join the map\" link in the black bar at the top of the page or follow this link), visit other crafters, find others that do similar work, and find crafters in your area; basically use this site. We intended The Craft Map as a way to connect people and crafts together. If you think of another way in which we can support you or if you have an idea to better our site, please feel free to contact us and let us know acrafter@i(dot)am"
"If you can't find 1 lb. squid, you will have to get the 2 lb. frozen package, and cut open, empty, and will have to defrost the entire thing in cold running water (don't worry, you will be using up the entire thing)"
"Shortly afterwards, three Israeli jets dropped bombs only 250 metres from a UN convoy on which I was travelling, blasting a house 30 feet into the air in front of my eyes."
"Conference organizer Nagib Callaos reportedly told Reuters that the paper was one of a small number accepted on a \"non-reviewed\" basis. \"We thought that it might be unfair to refuse a paper that was not refused by any of its three selected reviewers. The author of a non-reviewed paper has complete responsibility of the content of their paper.\""
"Today we went with Kyle to his college orientation, and we returned to a flooded basement. A TON of rain fell while we were away. Long story short, most of the carpet was soaked, including the office (where my stamp area is). We had to get everything off the floor so we could pull up the carpet. My stamps (and my VIP project) are on the counter in the office, under all the junk. Because I chose to procrastinate, I hadn't photographed or blogged the project before we left for the orientation. I planned to do it when we returned this afternoon. That didn't happen."
"But the Detroit Cobras are no bandwagon scene-jumpers. They’ve been around rocking small clubs since 1994, never changing their style and letting style come to them whenever it catches up. What is it about Detroit that makes it such a breeding ground for top-notch garage rock? Iggy Pop, the MC5, Bob Seger System, Ted Nugent, Alice Cooper, etc."
"I hope that all of you that have been affected by this ice/snow storm are beginning to recover from it. You sure do have to be in shape to handle a storm like this. That ice is so heavy to get off the sidewalks and everywhere else..not to mention being agile enough not to bust your butt on it ; ) I am thinking my poor kids (as much as they are loving these snow days) are going to be going to school well into the summer this year. I also want to send out prayers to my Australian friends affected by the terrible cyclone they endured there and hoping that you all are well."
"Something for us to ponder. It’s been running through my mind lately, and I thought I’d share it."
"Pandora.com is the perfect, free, service to help you put together the right playlist for your party. You enter the name of a song or artist and they will create and play a playlist for you with music by that artist and similar sounding songs. You won't end up with a playlist of one artist."
"Battles first erupted on Saturday between residents of the rival neighborhoods after security forces arrested Shadi al-Mawlawi, an Islamist, on alleged charges of belonging to a terrorist organization."
"That’s right, the proportion of Victorians in jail increased substantially in the last decade."
"Poetry of Linda Willows"
"shadows vibrate"
"It is lined with many stores, some the big department stores filled with designer goods, but the ones I liked were the smaller ones that sold native goods."
"Colin Cowgill ARI L 20"
"Next to the last day! I took up the first half hour discussing more on beer styles, trying to link characteristics to those we'd tried during the course. I showed the students a couple of beer websites (like RateBeer and Beer Advocate that have their own style guides but are both influenced by the Beer Judge Certification Program guidelines."
"Heaven 17 Temptation UK"
"It just so happened that the bar was the first on the Carnage Pub Crawl. For those who don’t know Carnage, it is a University based pub crawl that takes place all over the country. People buy the T-shirt with the pub route and have to tick off certain challenges whilst dressed in the theme of the night which in this example was Cops and Robbers. Once again, some great photos."
"This is the first book in Leanna Renee Hieber’s new Magic Most Foul series and has been described as a dark and gothic tale. I love stories set in the Victorian era and this one has a paranormal twist so it’s definitely my kind of read!"
"The patent itself is little-known until 1997, when The Electronic Frontier Foundation acknowledges Lamarr’s contribution to the invention of frequency (channel) hopping and gave her an honorary award – the Pioneer Award."
"so I hurriedly shot some pictures of my garden"
"Now YOU GUYS!! Do it! Take your current Bio/Artist Statement and marinate it in Moxie!! It may not be appropriate in every single situation, but allow yourself to truly come through! Unabashedly! Say what you mean to say, tell people what makes you …YOU. Because that is in fact what makes your creations a one of a kind…because YOU made them. So tell the people how it is. I challenge you to write a new Bio! Even if you don’t consider yourself an Artist or Creative….do it anyway! Tell the world who you really are, blemishes and all, and do it in a funny way!! It’s actually quite refreshing. gives a good giggle, and can be something you cherish!"
"After releasing four albums, the mainstream finally discovered Prince with this album. Not only was the song “Little Red Corvette” being played on pop radio stations, it was also being played on rock stations. When it came to black folks loving rock music, Prince was the guy to look up to. Also, the album marks the beginning of mainstream media calling Prince a rock star."
"I worked on both projects this month, but in the end, I really didn't like the Runway of Pearls so I took it apart to salvage my embellishment beads. I still have the RAW base of matte black size 11/0 triangle beads...maybe I will do something else with that in the future, but for now it sits in a plastic baggie in my box of samples!"
"I never really liked Katniss. She is too confused about everything. And I particularly didn’t like her in Catching Fire. I loved her in the end though, how she had to give in to Peeta cos he wanted children. My imagination is doing funny stuff. I liked her in Mockingjay cos she was like a zombie most of the time. I found that funny."
"This actually was supposed to be a \"Feature Friday\" but to be honest with you I slacked a little and forgot to line up a seller to feature! lol..My mind stay so busy and I actually did email a wonderful seller of the CUTEST baby items bit I have yet to hear back. So...I'm making this FREAKY FRIDAY and feature myself! Yeah, I know..kinda shameless promotion, but oh well."
"I had a wonderful Thanksgiving weekend, spending lots of time with my family. We visit a lots places in Puerto Rico such as El Yunque, Old San Juan and shopping to in the black Friday weekend."
"-Sassy"
"But not too long ago, something clicked. Yes, I am retired, which should mean I can do anything I want. Not happening. However, everything I’m doing is something I want to do. Something I’ve chosen to do. Something that makes me feel fulfilled and happy. Something I’ve been waiting for retirement to be able to do."
"The Polish Catholic Church, at least the hierarchy, is in no hurry to discuss things with Isakowicz Zaleski and take his revelations into account (thus fuelling the scepticism of the press which wants names). The only voice raised on the subject is that of Fr. Józef Augustyn, a Jesuit who for years has been willing and able to publicly discuss some of the most burning questions regarding the sexual conduct of the laity and the clergy."
"But you can't hold your man."
"8. Pathogen"
"He’s collapsed beneath the bar"
"Then there are these dress forms.. I made these just fooling around, I had posted something similar with the feathers on my facebook page and with some encouragement sent these into Angela.."
"Next was Anne, with some lovely cards which you can see here. Four gorgeous cards, all different and all made whilst under the stress of her Mum being unwell and in hospital, plus some other issues. A worrying time Anne and we all send our love and best wishes for your Mum's recovery - better still girls, why not hop over and say hello. I see that Mrs A and Brenda have already been and commented - bless."
"Ever think about the millions of germs on those handles? Me either, until I heard about a great new product called Pump Gloves designed specifically for women who pump their own gas."
"Healing power"
"On the childcare front, we checked out the most expensive option yesterday. It's impressive and I can't imagine anything better. But we are going to continue to look around because it would cost half of my monthly take home pay. We can afford it but it would force us to cut back a bit more on other things, which we would like to avoid if possible."
"I hear all the time how strong I am to have gone through what I have. Well, news flash I am not that strong. I have had those moments where fear has overcome me and I have cried when no one was looking. I have cried for all that this disease has taken from me. I have curled up in my bed and covered my head when the pain has been so bad that all I have wanted to do was to give up. I have wanted to hurl everything I could lay my hands on against a wall just to hear it crash to the floor in a million pieces. I feel my body has betrayed me. I get so angry when I am told to move on and let go of the past when the past wont let go of me. I get so angry at people who are unhappy with their lives because they don’t have the job they want, the house they want or the money they want. All I want is to get out of bed one day and not have pain or stiffness. I want to feel whole again. But instead I have had to learn acceptance. I have accepted that this is my life and I make it what it is. My happiness depends on me. I have accepted that life is not perfect. But just because it is not perfect does not mean I give up. I get up everyday. I look for the positives in my life because if I were to dwell on the negatives I would have to question if all that I have been through and all that I still go through is worth it. There are days that it is hard to find those positives but then I remind myself I woke up today."
"Maybe one day mom will relent. she says if that ever happens it will be Texas Sundogs II. a fresh start. I miss all my friends out there in the ethers. I miss those who have crossed the bridge, but know I will see them all again. I have loved my adventures with Asta and Stanny baby as well as the girl who tried to teach me to flirt...Lacy. Thanks to all of y'all who gave us so much support when grama was sick...it helped us. Gussie..very special friend. so many friends...too many to mention."
"The hustle and bustle of downtown was getting to me, so I went to the Midtown area and the brand new Barnes and Noble at Vanderbilt University – otherwise known as my crack house. However, I passed a sad sight along the way. An entire block was being demolished. Happens all the time, right? Except, this isn’t just any block. It used to be home to Tower Records, a place that I have spent countless hours searching for music, both popular and rare. It is indeed sad to see the record store go away. It reminded me that bookstores are not far behind."
"Yesterday was the worst game the Pirates have played all season. So we’re not going to talk about it anymore. Erik Bedard goes for the bucs after picking up his first win of the season in Atlanta on Saturday night. Bedard could possibly be 5-0 but the pirates have not gotten much runs for him this season. Jake Westbrook will face the pirates for the second time his season. He pitched on Saturday the 21st, the bucs won that game. Andrew McCutchen has owned Westbrook in his career going 6-14 which comes out to be a .429 average, also no current pirates has a home run against Westbrook, so maybe some one like Pedro Alvarez can change that after another 2 hit game last night."
"So, Kingmaker - I had a real soft spot for them and saw them many times. First seen supporting The Wonder Stuff and subsequently seen both headlining and supporting others. Another three piece band that sounded like more than the sum of their parts, they made some cracking singles and were ace live. I believe Loz Hardy deputised for a poorly Malc Treece in the Wonder Stuff on at least one occasion and also co-wrote material for Elastica."
"“What a waste,” Xu Guan shook his head, “Why would they carry duplicate items when only one is needed for a squad?”"
"For me, an A-cup puts you on the A-list, every time. See, Nice Guys are not just interested in your tits. They're not shallow. But FYI, your small tits are HOT, and actually totally work for some guys, guys who aren't solely interested in your tits but can still get off on them because they don't like big tits, even though tits don't matter like I just said. You're welcome. And so, when they make sweeping judgements about you because of your tits, it's okay, because they're being kind of benevolent and complimentary. You're probably smart or something! (Radcliffe goes on to say that \"Some of us have learned from experience that small-breasted women often have larger minds\", making full use of his Boob Science degree from Sensitive Dudes University)."
"The psychologist, Paul Fraise, gave a nice description of how we process information in the moment:"
"\"Hello, apronistas everywhere! Shine your pots and gather your stuffing and pie recipes, the Holiday season is here!"
"As you complete the challenge, either leave me a comment or send me an email. If you blog about your creation, send me the link. If you’re not a blogger, feel free to send a picture and/or description and I’ll include it in the final round-up at the end of the month."
"I had some extra time this week to get my card finished up for the Hambo Hoedown. This week we received \"CANDY HEART - digi\" by Hambo Stamps. And we were challenged to either use ribbon or brads. Well, I had this great \" I love you\" ribbon that I wanted to use and thought this challenge was perfect for it."
"I am not there, I did not die."
"No, we have not. Except from Yongrin, we all just contributed to the songs for Dear Cloud."
"Pilatus was amazed.\""
"I'm joining in on The Sweet Stop sketch challenge with my Quirky Bunny card. You know how you find a sketch and all the fireworks of creativity just start shooting off in your head? Well that's what happened with this terrific sketch! I thought the eggs and carrots were the perfect embellishment given this sketch."
"In fact, I decided to go all out and invite like, 20 people over (I think maybe 13 are coming) and arrange to cook a huge buffet. Since most of these people have never celebrated Thanksgiving before they are most likely going to interpret this as an invitation to come over and get drunk on a weeknight, but I don't care! I will have twinkly music, candles, flowers, and green bean casserole and it will be awesome! It won't be exactly the same as in America- ie, no Martha Stewart inspired placeholders, 20 year old handmade turkey paper mache centerpiece, or football- but I will have a fairly decent replica of the event, just 6 hours earlier."
"but all they'd do was moan."
"Of course, being the results-driven, time-lacking person that I am, I chose to cut my hexagons with the Accuquilt GO! cutter. Not much difference in size at all, and a total time saver. Considering I did quite a few more hexagons than the original design of the quilt called for, I needed all of the help I could get!"
"And here's Jimmy, running off to see something - probably to see the bunnies (our Cubmaster and his wife raise them, then sell them to 4H kids)"
"Ok, so this one doesn’t really have to do with the INTJ, but it is somewhat related to the Myers-Briggs and I thought it was incredible funny!"
"There was comfort in thinking I was part of a chosen people. Comfort in believing we had the truth when the world around us didn’t. Comfort in knowing if I did X, Y, and Z that I’d be with my family forever throughout eternity. The temple ceremonies, which sealed husband to wife and parent to child, were unique to our religion, and I knew that."
"Bigger than a logo"
"Merchandise is \"as is\" and no alterations available"
"More fun projects to come..."
"World Trade Center Memorial"
"We liked the artwork so much that we had a number of pieces blown up and put onto canvas to brighten up our entrance hall."
"Thought I'd jump on quick and share some projects I've made lately and some not so lately! hehe"
"And so I retired for the night, leaving my communal companions to their night time reveries while I slept and dreamt deeply, knowing all of us were safe and sound under the light of the female moon."
"Mike Piazza and Tom Glavine. You cannot get further on my love list than those two. I have never said a kind word about Tom Glavine and I never will. OK, Carlos Beltran. I avoided commenting on his cards now long enough. I want to like Carlos Beltran. Heck, I want to love him. I have a boatload of his cards. And yes, I know he had some good years for the team, but I am afraid in the long run, the best thing about Carlos Beltran for the Mets is he got us Zach Wheeler. Sad. The bottom row has a neat old Topps Gallery Players Private Issue card of Rey Ordonez. I now look back on Rey Ordonez fondly, so I guess there is hope for Carlos Beltran. I have that Dynasty card in a gold ultra-low numbered version, so having it in orange is nice too (the back has Keith Hernandez and Darryl Strawberry). That last card proves the old Meatloaf lyric correct: two outta three aint bad."
"I'm a dedicated self-portraitist because I'm usually not too comfortable making my dumb \"modelface\" in front of other live humans."
"Someone mentioned something about one of my books recently with the feeling that maybe I'd like to go back and \"do\" something."
"Sew one end of the strap to the front seam - I sewed a rectangle to flatten the strap as well as secure it:"
"Typical triggers are: bedtime, homework, chores, money, playing/hanging out with friends, clothes, shoes, hair, makeup, required family activities, food, sibling conflict, video games, television, computers and cell phones."
"Please tell this idiot what a Twitter is??!!!"
"Reader’s of the Healthymemory Blog should be aware that these examples of successful aging are due to their continuing to engage their attentional and System Two processes (See the Healthymemory Blog Posts “Review of the Washington Post’s The Aging Brain, More on Attention and Cognitive Control,”, “Passing 65,” “Memory and Aging,” and The Two System View of Cognition.” ) (Note that clicking on the hyperlinks will take you to other articles and not the Healthymemory Blog Posts. To read the posts, enter the title in the blogs Search Box.)"
"A Google executive recently said the cloud computing market in 2012 will focus more on mobile devices and social networking in order to keep pace with businesses’ interests. Amit Singh, vice president of Google Enterprise, told eWeek that the cloud trend next year will try to move businesses more into the realm of teamwork from the era of individual production."
"Pure Page of Swords. And I love him for it."
"8. That just reminded me of Zach and Cody....I kind of miss that show!!"
"The second book was OK but kind of a disappointment to me as it had recipes, and for me, any pages with recipes are just wasted space. The EGE gives me a continuing subscription to O Magazine, and I love it (fabulous writers!), but I always skip over the pages about food and recipes (and also the ones about hair and make-up. Geez, come to think of it, I skip over a *bunch* of pages. I'm probably missing a huge whack of stuff, but I care nothing about those things, and life is too short to spend time reading about stuff that doesn't interest me. Especially when it's geared to getting me to--duh--buy stuff)."
"At -2.3% in March, real interest rate — the difference between the policy rate and inflation — continued to be expansionary (though less expansionary than -3.8% in January. Nonetheless, even by this count little room to ease monetary policy."
"It was mid February and cold outside, snow piled in high banks on top of the ditches that lined the bumpy gravel road. The breeze that seeped in from the open quarter panel window felt like icy fingers when it reached by my face. I turned to the window and watched the smoke from my mom's friend's spliff drift outside, dance around and disappear. He smoked it slowly, joint pinched between his forefinger and thumb, inhaling deeply, holding his breath for many heartbeats before exhaling. Occasionally he would tilt his hand to the left in case my mom felt like indulging. She would shake her head each time, never willing to take her hands from the steering wheel, carefully following the packed snow trail laid down by previous cars tires. I mimicked his actions, breathing in deeply and trying to draw some of its sweet scent back towards me."
"It looked different."
"Ravaged and carried off into slavery, poor poem tree.."
"Now, without alcohol filling my thoughts and with no motivation to drink, I can get on with things I want to do but in a relaxed, clear-headed manner so I’m actually able to complete tasks. And because I’m not drunk by 9pm, nor hungover from the night before, I can stay up writing/ reading/ watching a film/ catching up with emails/ spending time on Twitter/ online until just before midnight."
"Sofitel Chicago Water Tower"
"Taken from radio recordings, shellac and vinyl records, and television shows, this collection spans Bing’s entire career. If you are a Bing Crosby fan, or if you just want some lovely Christmas music to get you into the holiday mood, you will find this collection is something that you will want to play and keep for many years to come."
"They are addressed to \"Mr. ____.\" A half-point for getting my gender right. However, if you don't know my last name then don't leave it blank, you unpaid PR intern monkey. What's that? You're a VP at the company? Then hire a PR intern monkey, idiot! Geez, at least address me by my first name (hint: it's in my FAQs and my URL.) If nothing else, be a creative suck up. Starting with \"Dear Mr. Well-Endowed Blogger\" is not going hurt your chances around here."
"These three stories may strike some as rather harsh, but keep in mind these are, as the title suggests traditional folk tales and so are intended to teach rather harsh lessons for life. The stories are Malawian folk stories as told to the artist by students he was teaching in Malawi. Much like the original Grimms fairy tales these are not the happy ever after stories you may expect. They are entertaining and I think interesting in some of the common themes that appear in stories from other parts of the world."
"Sometimes life just gets plain ol' complicated... You know what I mean?"
"I do a lot of internet research to pick a name that not only sounds good but has an interesting meaning and is realistic for the characters age, nationality and time period."
"Not anymore."
"The biggest response to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo so far has been overwhelming praise for Rooney Mara. Her performance is indeed excellent in the way that Noomi Repace’s performance was excellent in the Swedish version. Both are excellent portraits of a woman against the world. Mara’s performance is different though, her movements and nuances are all her own and she creates her own version of Lisbeth. That Lisbeth may not be worlds apart from Repace’s but it is enough to admire the performance that shows up on screen. The rest of the cast is strong with a great supporting performance from Stellan Skarsgard and a great lead performance by Daniel Craig. Craig was the perfect man for this role. He is tough when he needs to be and vulnerable the rest of the time. Craig isn’t overshadowed by Mara but sort of compliments her performance. He is the most relatable character and he suits the purpose well."
"Then, with great humility and sincerity, he shared that although his own tradition doesn’t speak much about the importance of a compassionate diet, it was an element of other traditions that he was inspired by and hoped to develop more in himself."
"Right now, I just know that God’s grace is saving me from insanity. In fact the other day I just decided in the grand scheme of things, worrying about my job just isn’t worth it. I’ve deemed it unimportant right now."
"February-continue scent articles and work on go-outs"
"Junior joined a select band of horses to win at Royal Ascot and the Cheltenham Festival in March, 2011, with a superb 24-length success under Jamie Codd in the Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Handicap Chase. The son of Singspiel had previously captured the Ascot Stakes in June, 2010, and he began his racing career on the Flat with Brian Meehan, winning three handicaps. He also made his debut over hurdles for the Manton handler and was sixth behind Gaspara in the Listed Fred Winter Juvenile Handicap Hurdle at The Festival in March, 2007. Junior moved to the yard of Alan King at the start of 2008 and returned to Cheltenham to finish an excellent third behind Naiad Du Misselot in the Grade Three Coral Cup at that year’s Festival. After registering a belated first win over hurdles in a Grade Two novices’ contest at Sandown in December, 2008, Junior ran another excellent race to chase home Diamond Harry in the Grade One Challow Novices’ Hurdle at Newbury later the same month. He finished a disappointing 10th in the Grade One Neptune Investment Management Novices’ Hurdle at The Festival in 2009 and was sent chasing for the 2009/2010 Jump campaign. Junior posted a pair of victories over fences at Doncaster and Taunton and was purchased by Middleham Park Racing for £35,000 at Doncaster’s Spring Sale in May, 2010. He gave his new connections an immediate return on their investment when scoring on his debut for David Pipe in the Ascot Handicap at Royal Ascot the following month and followed that victory up with another fine effort on the Flat as he took second in the Goodwood Handicap at the end of July. Junior started the 2010/2011 season with a good third in a Grade Three handicap chase at Cheltenham’s Open Meeting and returned to the same course to come home third in a handicap hurdle on New Year’s Day, 2011. Following his emphatic victory at last year’s Cheltenham Festival, Junior headed back to Royal Ascot for another crack at the Ascot Handicap but he could only finish ninth in the two and a half-mile marathon. Keen to protect his mark for the John Smith’s Grand National, Junior made a belated seasonal return at Newbury on February 17, when coming home eighth under top-weight in an extended three-mile handicap hurdle. He returned to fences for the three and a quarter-mile Grimthorpe Chase at Doncaster on March 3 and ran an excellent race in defeat as he went down by a short-head to Ikorodu Road (who was receiving 22lb), despite being hampered by the fall of Pentiffic at the final fence and crowded by the winner near the line."
"Personally, I'm picking Zab Judah to win this fight but if Amir Khan is able to convincingly beat Zab, he will gain a lot of respect for me. I believe Zab & Sweet Pea will come in with a good game plan and find a way to get inside on Khan. I think Zab will work to set up his left uppercut and try to put Khan out with the power he has in his left uppercut. Amir Khan will likely use his jab but its questionable whether his jab will work out as well against an elusive southpaw as it did against someone like Paul Malignaggi."
"And if you don't mind, please add this button to your blog so others can join in the fun, too!"
"14. I Been Sleepin' On It"
"A small fragile token of a love long forgotten, shared by lovers now long dead, but with the power to touch us now in another time and in another world."
"\"Hah. She'll grow out of it.\" Rissad's face fell somewhat as he saw Rel's scowl. \"Sorry, forget I mentioned it. There's a way that doesn't need us to run, is what I'm trying to say. Designed for moving casualties in extremis.\""
"5. Remember, never fry the fish before smoking it like they do on MasterChef , nothing is worse than this as the smokey flavour does not permeate through the fish."
"A table filled with snacks and drinks kept the ballerinas and their friends happy. And my friend's father-in-law volunteered to keep us all entertained as our very own piano man. What a treat that was!"
"2. Tell us something interesting about yourself."
"Pours transparent copper-orange with a nominal, light ecru head that dissipates quickly and leaves a faint collar. Cascade hops dominate the aroma’s foreground with some caramel to the back. The taste surprisingly balances with sweet malt caramel and biscuity flavors then finishes with a middling hop presence that is citrus and pine that fades quickly leaving a lingering bitterness. The malt is not sticky or overly sweet; it is simply the dominant flavor. Smooth bodied with medium carbonation lend a dry finish."
"“Invest in this new generation of veterans,” Rieckhoff says. “It’ll be the best dollar you’ve ever spent.”"
"Blessed sister, beautiful one"
"“They just got back to me yesterday. I wanted to surprise you with the news, but you were at work, and I didn’t want to tell the whole bar. It’s not like you could’ve heard me over that godawful country crap they play in there.”"
"If you really just wanted orange this is the way to go! Or any other color because this seller has several. These are all hand made in a smoke free pet free home so there is nothing to worry about harming your little jelly bean! Great for those surprise gender babies, orange is really coming into style and I'm personally becoming a big fan of it!"
"-Fightingthetide"
"She was an A student. A humanitarian who travelled to Africa to teach at an orphanage that housed children born to slaves. She was one of those girls who seemed to tell her mom everything."
"Malaysia’s racial unity is actually being destroyed by UMNO. It is because of UMNO that Malaysia is more polarized then ever. It is because of UMNO that religious and racial tensions are wittingly brought up for political reasons without any regards to what harm it has done to our social fabric UMNO in the last five decades has used the diverse populace to divide instead of uniting them. They have been very successful in dividing and ruling them by using unfounded fears involving race and religion."
"so that night we applied."
"Experts claim the statistics represent a mere fraction of a 'tidal wave' of offending in counties across the Midlands and the north of England which has been going on for more than a decade."
"Had to include this one! This is what I look like at least once daily when it suddenly hits me (again) that we’re going to have five kids."
"An impressive 85 people responded to the poll on what further anti-drink measures we are likely to see in the coming years. Bear in mind that none of these are actual declared government policy at present. There was just a single Pollyanna who believed that none of this would come to pass – I’d happily bet a substantial sum of money against that eventuality."
"Remember that better planning makes better babies!"
"to preach good news to the poor."
"A few months later I wrote a piece about Pontiac mindlessly doing exactly that:"
"But then I made this bow from strips of paper cut from a magazine page ..."
"I noticed that the desktop/wallpaper was black like the computer had an error or was in safe mode or had a warning that Windows was not activated yet or that the current Windows was detected as not being legitimate (a boot leg), and so I tried to tell my dad that something seemed to be wrong with the computer and that I would need to check it when he was finished."
"And, of course, one last \"artsy\" shot . . ."
"The other day, at Cost Plus, I saw a piece of art (image no longer on the site) that I liked, which was not really art. It was a low quality, unsaturated print of a piece of art onto flimsy canvas. And for something that wasn't the greatest quality, it was $129."
"Not sure how they measured the course, but the 25k (15 miles), according to my GPS, was almost a mile long. So really, I ran a 16-miler. No matter, we all ran the same course!"
"Mr. Aristide, lapsed priest, is not the first man with a religious background to run Haiti. François “Papa Doc” Duvalier liked to appear in public dressed as the voodoo deity Baron Samedi. Likewise, at the time of the U.S. invasion, the military leaders scoffed at the American threat. Provisional President Emile Jonassaint said the country’s three zombie battalions would crawl out of their graves at the bidding of their voodoo masters and smite the Americans."
"So Laz added a normal Dragon Soul clear and the Title “Destroyer’s End” to his previous LFR kill."
"312Love's victim then, though now a sainted maid:"
"Lately, I've been obsessed with flowers and all things pretty for adorning the outside of the house. I have been literally driving around my neighborhood stalking pretty yards, hoping to find a house for sale that happens to have a hydrangea tree because I would like to use that to put in the backyard. Crazy, right?"
"I have no idea how much time passed, but when I woke up, my head was in Cathy’s lap. She was gently caressing my hair and face. Even though Cathy wasn’t nearly as sexy as Shane made her out to be, she did have large, well-shaped, breasts. This certainly helped me to overlook the fact that she was missing most of her teeth and smelled like burnt garlic."
"Claude and his wife Magda work for several renowned Belgian interior design magazines."
"Hunger Games! I have to applaud the marketing job that was done for the release of this movie. Books and merchandising leading up the the actual movie was PHENOMENAL!"
"Here is Bea posing next to the dress I traded for. She hasn’t had a chance to wear the Christmas dress yet because although it’s a size 6, it probably fits more like a size 7 or 8."
"They are hereby awarded this award."
"Now go check out what the rest of the IHP design team did with this challenge:"
"So, I've spent almost two years now writing and editing a novel. It's the first in a series. The novel is about a man sentenced to death. Only the setting is a post apocalyptic American Empire and his death sentence is to be dropped off in the city of Necropolis which is a city of vampires. It's called Shining in Crimson."
"The poem about the footprints tells the story of everyone’s life, and not just the author’s. He is with us always. Even when we do not recognize that fact, He is there, and many times it is He who carries us through the toughest parts of our lives."
"This evening while heading out to Ruby’s school so I could see her go down the “giant slide”, I spied a gal walking toward us. She was wearing a tank top. I was wearing a long-sleeved shirt, fleece and another coat on top. All I could think was, What in the world?! You can’t make it summer. Like Ruby trying to wear a swimsuit and shorts to school: “It’s sunny and spring. It should be warm!” Yeah. Tis the season. But it just isn’t happening. It’s alternately rainy, sunny and windy. Dress in layers and wait 5 minutes. This is the transition time, and it’s a bit rocky and unstable. Wearing shorts – I saw several offenders today – won’t make warm weather come any faster, either. Trying to force a flower to bud serves to ruin the flower. And denial is not just a river in Africa."
"It’s a busy time of the year, lots of things going on, everyone’s getting ready for the Holidays. There’s a great buzz in the streets and in the stores, but there are those who are opportunistic and are waiting in the shadows to reap the rewards of other’s hard efforts. This can be as devastating as a carjacking, or it can be as crushing as having the new stereo you got from your loved ones stolen while you sleep."
"Leave to rest under a clean tea towel or cling film for 20 mins to reduce the elasticity."
"It highlights for me several inter-linked space / storage matters."
"Large stinky dogs with skin issues that live in my house and even with all the washing and medication and vacuuming the house still smells like dogs live here."
"Please help take care of our earth, it is a good earth! Linking up with Cuisine Kathleen's Let's Dish party on Wednesday evening. Also linking to Susan's Tablescape Thursday party on Thursday.. Cya there!"
"a look through my pile of magazines has lead me to the conclusion that glossies are like a good cheese; becoming more deliciously flavoursome with time and i-D's april issue is no exception. i shall support this.."
"I used this great Hambo Stamps image and sentiment for my CAS card. It's base is a leftover cutout from picture frames I made last week. I'm beginning to refer to these as donut hole cards."
"when he said religious institutions don’t have"
"Food: Burgers and fries"
"And when you increase tax rates and you make things much more expensive to do — in other words, the rate of return is not as profitable, then they tend to do things like investing in — in nontaxable instruments and other things that don’t employ people."
"In honor of such a special day when we recognize and honor moms and all of the grace, love, and selfless service they give, I thought it’d be a perfect week to reflect on Paul’s definition of Love."
"My desire is you"
"is one of anonymous seeing."
"Caregiving often means financial disaster for the person giving it."
"11. Swans - You Fucking People Make Me Sick"
"\"Yes\", she replied. \"It's fun. We get a spray bottle, a squeegee and a sponge.\""
"My oldest daughter came to visit today!"
"Here are a few pictures of the process:"
"9. I really would rather like a banjo, and I'm not quite sure why."
"Malaysians love to eat; and that is evident from the many shops, restaurants and roadside stalls odd operating hours which could last up to 24 hours, for some of them!"
"“Here’s something else to think about: calling when you say you’re going to is the very first brick in the house you are building of love and trust. If he can’t lay this one stupid brick down, you ain’t never gonna have a house baby, and it’s cold outside.”"
"18. Ride go-carts"
"Melbourne is the important city of Australia which is well known as a city of events. People are very fashion conscious over here and weddings are grand affairs over here. Every bride in Melbourne dreams of her perfect wedding and wants to look as a perfect bride on her wedding. Starting from her wedding gown, make up, hairstyle to the accessories, each and everything should gel with each other very well. Many people think that a bridal outfit plays a major role in making a bride beautiful, but if the bridal makeup or the bridal hairstyle is not done properly, then a bride can never look beautiful in even the best bridal outfit. So, many brides in Melbourne hire a bridal hair stylist in Melbourne as well as makeup artist in Melbourne so that she can spend her big day with glamour."
"Four million big ones! It just goes to show the ludicrous gulf between a celebrity chef and someone who actually cooks for a living."
"1/2 teaspoon of butter or olive oil"
"I think there is something to taking one’s time and reflecting when writing stories.. I know that when I write–I take my time.. at least before I start writing. I require a lot of thought before writing.. a lot of organization and processing.. and rushing this does not ever help things.. but then once I do start writing–it comes out pretty fast. Is this rushing? Overall, it may just depend on the process one uses to write…."
"I didn't buy really much yesterday, we only went to let our extensions be done. Really inexpensive! only 11'000 yen, Exte Ichiban! It's great, in Shibuya!"
"We still get work from people looking in the Yellow Pages or Thompsons Local. We only ever advertise ourselves in the free section, so it can’t be a bad thing either way. Also, so I’m told, it helps your google rankings.."
"One night I wandered into a group gathered in a college dorm and heard regular people sincerely telling how Jesus had changed their lives. Later the group joined hands in a large circle, pulled me in, and began to talk to Jesus one after the other."
"And the feeling is crucial, the feeling is mutual"
"for me, visual journaling is a way to record parts of my story."
"It isn’t real. No matter what happens…"
"This week our theme is chosen by the lovely Debbie and it is..."
"This is a great little booklet that can be made for any occasion. You could put a gift card, poem, pictures and stamped tags in the pockets. For the wrap instead of the usual ribbon I used VLVS! STEAMPUNK STRAP TAPE! To do this I took the tape and stuck the sticky side of clear tape to the sticky side of the Steampunk Strap Tape, carefully cutting excess tape away, use a dot of VLVS! Miracle Tape to keep it in place."
" Each week, we will tally the total dollar value of the receipts and there will be a graph in the office so you can track your progress and check out how you’re doing against the competition!"
"Since I will be competing often, it is only fair I join and become a offical member of the Trifectans! So, here is my meme for Meet Your Fellow Trifectans."
"I caution the girls to never think that they're better than anyone else because if they do, nobody will want to be their friend. But do you know what? I am better than him."
"Well I set off planning to post my first serious hour effort since way back in 1994 when I recall doing one with av split 1.45 and thinking then I would never do one again. Damn I have been lured into this mad World of further pain and suffering. So not long after I started I was sitting on 1.38's and feeling pretty good. Got to the 20min mark and started to question why I would be even doing this. By the 30min mark my back side was killing me and I was starting to see 1.40 splits and probably not long after this I started to struggle. The grind had begun and even a moments pause when I thought I would stop but yet kept moving and realised the pain in my rear end was going to be the limiting factor. I recall seeing 27min left on the display I saying to myself it was my choice. The load of the stationary ergo felt heavy and yet I was trying to keep the rate alive and around 26-28 stroke per minute. Now this was no record attempt just a personal test. As my heart rate started touching the 170's I was content to manage my effort while my right glut muscle was screaming stop."
"Geoff Bowden (Barnsley Independent Group) 458"
"Incandescent light will burn"
"At this moment I am thinking about which lighting to use as Christmas decoration."
"-Hanny the coffee bean"
"December 30 2011"
"Rissad set the Stable Rod down on top of a flange running the length of the mechanism. The soft chink of contact seemed to reverberate long after it should have, a low moan that seemed to fill the entire chasm. \"According to the plans. They built it to withstand pretty much anything, for a thousand years or more. And that possibly includes the Realmcrash.\""
"I don’t think I slept during that time. Normally I write my books in long hand and then type them, but if I remember correctly I was on a short deadline so I had to type the book directly into the program. Lucky for me, at the time I typed about 100wpm, and before I knew it I had written and edited the book. Looking back at it now I think I must have had fewer disturbances in my life."
"If we want to understand Jesus we must learn his language. I am not saying we must learn Hebrew, Aramaic or Greek, though that is an excellent thing to do. Instead I am saying that we must know the titles, the concepts and expectations of the prophets who were before Jesus, because it is with these words that Jesus speaks and invites us to understand him."
"The targets, obviously (to most sentient human beings), were symbolic. Hell, I’ve put politicians’ faces inside gun sights on my own blog as symbolic political targets. (Alas, neither Paul Krugman, Howard Kurtz, Anthony Weiner, nor Chris Matthews have discovered my blog!)"
"Does this mean that we should never portray weak heroines?"
"So after all that, here is Knox's nursery!!"
"You know, I thought I’d be ready for this. I knew it was coming, yet I’m a mess. I thank God for providing me such a wonderful pet for so many years. I also feel a responsibility for George to be a good steward of the gift God gave me."
"Chill Pacific tentacles tow his ankles in."
"sm*k*n"
"As much as we might want this process to be deterministic, it isn’t. Just because you produce something doesn’t mean people will use it, and just because they use it doesn’t mean they will pay you what you want for it. The only way to truly find out is to produce something and see how much value can be realized from it, for instance by charging money for it."
"After paying the fee and filing the request, which was about “memoranda and reports regarding (1) Mohamad Harkat and (2) the ‘bin Laden network’ prepared in 2001 and 2002”, I first received a call and then an email asking for clarification on what was meant by the term ‘bin Laden network”. The funny part about this was that the term was one that was developed and taken straight from CSIS documents, and thus they most likely knew was meant by it. The letter also indicated that my request was in abeyance until I clarified and if I did not clarify by a certain date, my request would be abandoned. I sent out an email clarifying what was meant well before the specified date and have not heard back since. This leads me to speculate about the possible outcome of my request, and whether I will receive the information I requested or whether the information with be denied or withheld like many of my classmates have experienced."
"Here are some important steps you can take to help ensure reviews and maintenance take place on a yearly basis:"
"My little girl and I worked all morning in our little vegetable plot"
"See for yourself what I’m talking about."
"Mind you, the first 2 sections comprise about 4 pages. My friend said she already has 2 pages of notes to discuss regarding these first 4 pages of text. Will keep you posted on this one. I’m also supposed to be 1/2 way through Don Quixote. I’m at about page 250, or a quarter of the way through the book. Will have to step it up on this front."
"Then my other little sister and I went online to research psoriasis, which is what we think this might be. Much to my middle sister's dismay, the most helpful things she could do for her skin were dietary changes...the usual, no sugar, white bready things, junk food, fried food, processed food, and then add more raw foods. So both of us are in for a very different year of eating. I have it easy compared to her. I can just switch what I eat and suffer a little by not eating the rich food I love. She has all these dietary complications from having a tracheotomy and her gall bladder removed and lord knows what else they did to her insides while she was in intensive care for 9 months. I am pretty sure some of that has caused this inflammation and skin thing. But she can't eat so many foods already I hated to make that list for her that was going to cut out most of the things she can prepare easily herself."
"It helps you to understand why the Taliban and the ANSF both seem to want to kill American troops and the Afghan population might be very keen for ISAF to leave. This thoughtful and well-written piece by Neil Shea for “The American Scholar” discusses the issue of war crimes and atrocities and is based on the author’s time embedded in a US infantry platoon in the summer of last year. It reads like an updated screen play of Oliver Stone’s classic war film, “Platoon”. In fact it reads like an updated version of pretty much all the Vietnam war films I have ever seen. A couple of the most depressing moments to give you a flavour:"
"A. Robles. — In a country where everybody fishes feverishly in the sea of political correctness, one has to bow to the consistency of a leader who motivates thousands of Catalans without much to fish in a short term in the tempestuous waters of Catalan politics . He is followed because of his loyalty to stated principles, a history and a cultural and ethnic heritage. Josep Anglada (Vic, 1959), president of Platform for Catalonia (PXC) has been in recent years the target of all insults, all the blaming, and all the outcries. His example of Catalanism, of loyalty to and love for Spain, all fitting his ideals, would deserve all honors in any society not as weak and defenseless as our own."
"Then I sponged the edges of the white CS with Early Espresso ink and attached it to a rectangle of Marina Mist CS and attached 2 brown metal SU! brads. While I used Cherry Cobbler CS for the card base, I added a second layer with some SU! DSP from their FrostWood Lodge collection after mounting some Early Espresso quilted ribbon across it. I also cut out a white shimmer paper snowflake and added a light blue snowflake brad to tie it all together. (The white shimmer paper is from Doodlebug Designs and I have NO IDEA where I got the blue snowflake brad! Sorry!!!"
"Mark 11: 24-25 (NIV)"
"The third book to the Bridgerton series is worth reading as the characters still are witty and fun and the plot will leave you smiling."
"There are quite a few brand names which are preferred within the mobile phone marketplace that have attracted the particular men and women through the globe. Nokia, Blackberry mobile phones, Samsung, LG and so on. are usually several of this brand name names that happen to be well-known inside the market. Each of the corporations possess released your mobile phones which has a number of functions. The actual LG mobiles and also BlackBerry mobile phones could be compared within this regard. Both equally of those manufacturers tend to be launching the the handsets using loads of refined functions. Your types these companies possess quite a few equivalent along with distinct attributes. Consumers can certainly decide on any on the products seeing that every his or her selection."
"Verdict: Recommend."
"2019.E-IV/24/1970. On current concerns about pollution. University of Chicago Maroon, Chicago, Illinois (corrections: May 1, 1970, p. 6)."
"As much as I LOVE the idea of using the sun to power my telephone, I do wonder if I could successful use the Freeloader to charge my phone on a regular basis. I do also have to question the actual energy used to manufacter the Freeloader in the first place. Does anyone know what the carbon footprint of the device is?"
"Little smile. On his face."
"In a bowl, take all the ingredients and mix well. Shape them into oblong size and shallow fry them in oil."
"I hope you like my photos. Each day has a different theme so I will list those under each shot."
"On animal farm\""
"The GTX 670 uses the same GK104 chip as the 680, but with one SM (Streaming Multiprocessor) unit turned off. Kepler’s SM groups are referred to as SMXs and were rearchitected, rather than being based on Fermi’s. The GTX 670 has just 112 texture units (down from 128) but keeps the GTX 680′s 32 ROPs."
"Police also knew there were non-lacrosse players at the party (Boehmler and Saeli); police knew this as of March 28, 2006. Why weren't there pictures included if sole goal was to ascertain witnesses?"
"Which brings me to my one other suggestion. There is an extensive documentary on the incredible, troubled production of Apocalypse Now titled Hearts of Darkness that is as much a part of this story as the movies themselves. Coppola really took a whole crew into the jungle and went through an experience that left all of them scarred by it. It’s not only interesting from a film production standpoint, but by a human one, to see the director slowly unravel in interviews and recordings made on set as the pressures mounted and time took its toll. Nobody seemingly comes out of it untouched, and most of the cast are interviewed and recall it much like soldiers would recall their own experiences in war. It only drives home the reality of the film that much more to see it play out on a meta level."
"Responding to recent press releases and media reports, in which California health officials say the state is experiencing the worst whooping cough outbreak in 50 years with about 1500 reported cases and six infants dying from B. pertussis, 4 on July 28 Dr. Snyderman offered the following explanation:"
"In the other case, authorities allege that Lester France, 44, of Rockwood abandoned six American bulldogs in a house where he previously lived in the 28200 block of Cahill in Flat Rock. On Sunday, a tip led police to the home, where they found the dogs placed in kennels without food or water."
"Scenes of cruelty characterize a minority of the newspaper strips, while they form the great mass of comic book content."
"for their own purpose"
"01. Taurus/Gemini people tend to be richly sensual, enjoy the good things in life and are fascinated with gathering as much information as possible. Their facility as communicators is unmatched."
"13 April"
"Such was the lofty original state of man and the creation, and such was man’s lofty original calling. But as we all know and experience every day, the first man, Adam, fell from this state and brought himself and all of creation into a state of corruption and death."
"Although it is most commonly thought of as a dessert, it can also be eaten as a snack or breakfast food."
"So here is my list of favorites, followed by some general comments by competitive areas. Let the debates begin!"
"The attorney had forwarded me the guidelines for legal mail–legal mail for an attorney. And Shawn Merriman almost got in a lot of trouble because I was following those guidelines, too, when I reported to him regarding our children through letters. I was afraid anything like certified mail would get my former husband in even more trouble with the jail staff. I told my pastor we just couldn’t do that, certified mail could be really bad."
"But hey, I was feeling pretty selfish. So I got online, grabbed a hold of her and said she had to pray with me. That she had to try, and that doing it out loud was a token to ME not even to God, and that He knew her silent prayer but I didn’t. I was at a point of need. So could we please do that? You know – you get the point. I repeat myself generally, but I think this time you got it."
"Soon he was plummeting earthwards."
"or making them"
"Renewal of our hopes, and the dreams we carried in the fleeting furry of months before your losses......."
"WAITT: Who Am I Talking To?"
"Here’s a quick quiz on loneliness:"
"Second, I am not criticising the RHS. My point was to suggest that, while the RHS was looking at making changes, it might like to make public the judges' comments on why each garden was given a particular award. This was not because I personally think there is any skulduggery going on. I just think it would be interesting."
"“Do not lay up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy and where thieves break in and steal, but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven, where neither moth nor rust destroys and where thieves do not break in and steal. For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.” Matthew 6: 19-21 ESV"
"The traditional routes to becoming a lawyer are fraught with financial risk and rejection can be found around every corner. Studying hard for up to five years without a firm offer of a training contract from a reputable law firm might seem overly risky for the majority of students struggling to afford their education. In times of uncertain economic growth and stability, can only the most privileged and affluent of students afford to become solicitors and barristers?"
"The Hurlock Community Center (The Old Train Station)"
"The officer closed the door with a sharp clang. Olivia tried not to stare at the other inmate. She was a large woman with close-cropped hair and faded monochrome tattoos. Olivia could make out the name Wendy tattooed on the girl’s forearm. Oh My God, she thought. I would hate to be her cellmate."
"Latino Culture"
"they reach the Meatballs..."
"~Liz."
"I read this quote on the Finding the Peace Facebook page:"
"(I can use all the items over as many times as I want and adjust them as my layout calls for it.)"
"tall ladder clanging every time"
"As the round ends, Jake begins working an arm triangle choke, but Nic gives the thumbs up to show he’s OK. I’d give that round to Nic."
"c) swimming with dolphins"
"As to what I shall be blogging about, likely on a weekly basis: I’ve signed up for a half-marathon! That’s right, the girl with CFS is going to run 13.1 miles in October. I’m actually really excited about it. It gives me a goal to work towards and kicks my butt in gear with running. I just started this week, so here’s an update on what’s going on."
"As for the hair, I achieved this look with the help of a few hair combs to lift and push the top section into some height (no backcombing), and setting the rest in my famous pin curls for an hour or so. It turned out that I even had a matching hair flower in my stash, so a blue rose with requisite skull motive, topped the whole lot off. There is nothing better than being able to treasure hunt your own closet and still surprise yourself at the possibilities that lie within."
"Obviously, employers don’t like being rebuffed, particularly when they’ve spent a lot of time reviewing your material and preparing for the interview. Here are two real stories that are almost hard to believe:"
"Entry point was just to the side of the nail bed, exit point (sort of, it didn’t so much penetrate as tear) is the big red blob near the tip of the finger."
"Now, after all this “eating out”, I can hardly wait to cook myself again and try some new dishes. This coming weekend, I will be getting zucchini, amongst other things. I think zucchini can often be a bit bland. Anyone have a good (yummie) recipe with zucchini? I did find one for a zucchini cake (like carrot cake but then using zucchini). Did anyone ever have zucchini in a sweet dessert or cake? I think the idea is so strange, so I am a little hesitant. However, I do like carrot cake, so maybe I should just try it?"
"The quiet ones are always knotty,"
"We saw at least 1/2 dozen gators, and"
"share with us what your goal is... how is it going and should you re-evaluate it."
"Jack Ross / From the Twilight Kingdom / 106"
"(Sorry I didn't get a picture)"
"Rennie plays Klaatu with all the upright dignity of a being who takes his work seriously, but has no regard for the planet he’s been called upon to help. He’s polite, but smug. We forgive him, because he’s committed to ending our many conflicts, which he terms ‘childish jealousies and suspicions.’ Indeed, the blunders of humanity are on display: Klaatu is variously suspected of Communism, stifled by cloddish bureaucracy and vilified by a histrionic press. He’s even shot. During a day trip with nine-year-old Bobby (Billy Gray), Klaatu visits Arlington National Cemetery, where Bobby’s father rests, along with thousands of others. Then they observe the saucer, which has been turned into a tourist attraction. Most damningly, they read the inscription on the Lincoln Memorial, leading Klaatu to lament that no such man exists today. Humans, apparently, cannot learn from even their own great examples. Everything Klaatu sees elicits another, regretful, shake of the head."
"HOW DO YOU HIDE THAT BLASTED TV?!?!"
"Oh, it’s you. That high-pitched talking hurts my ears. And it kind of freaks me out. But I’ll deal with it if you let me out of this crate."
"Her smile was weak, but warm. \"Good thinking. Whatever it was you did.\""
"Today started out quite well. I woke up, which is a very good start indeed for an insomniac, to blue skies and the sun shining in through a gap in the curtains. My little one is still off school but was well enough today to occupy herself so I sat down at the computer prepared to put in a few hours writing while I waited for a delivery. I managed to write a couple of poems, though they are still in the editing stages and one has not yet got a suitable title, it did indeed feel like the day was going to be a good one."
"Joseph of Arimathea. Nicodemus the Pharisee. They sat in seats of power and bore positions of influence. Men of means and men of clout. But they would’ve traded it all for one breath out of the body of Jesus. He had answered the prayer of their hearts, the prayer for the Messiah. As much as the soldiers wanted him dead, even more these men wanted him alive."
"So what happened, that I’m thinking all this now, was that I received a copy of Ashok K. Banker’s The Forest of Stories from the good people over at Westland. It is the first instalment in Banker’s retelling of the Mahabharata. He calls it his MBA series, but don’t assume that the stories have been mangled by modernity. These are straight retellings. As Banker explains in the introduction, he sat with the various versions of the Mahabharata and put together a coherent version for the modern reader. It must have been a gargantuan task because although the Mahabharata does not have as many versions as the Ramayana does, it is nevertheless a massively complex work."
"Story this post:"
"Retirement savings, you say? Yep, I’m already thinking of the distant future. I don’t really see myself hitting the lotto big time anytime soon, and I also don’t fancy myself getting married to a filthy rich dude in the next 5 or 10 years. I mean, I don’t even fancy myself getting married, period. That’s the deal. It will just be me and me alone. I need to think ahead. I need to prepare."
"There is a different cover design for a different version of the game, and it looks a lot better to me. It's more artistic, and overall just doesn't look stupid. It looks more mysterious and intriguing."
"Yesterday I had an incredible urge to pull everything out and re-organize! I moved cabinets, I cleaned cranny's I had neglected for months! I feel great and the shop looks so much better! I'll post pics as soon as my camera is charged up."
"so that he gave his own weapon to me."
"I have a 3 day weekend ahead of me......YAY! I am prom dress shopping tomorrow with a good friend of mine and the rest of the weekend is going to be reserved for playing catch up and hopefully a bit of crafting!"
"NOTE: Fools make a mock at sin"
"On December 8, 1991, the South African revolutionary Chris Hani stated: \"The ANC does not hide its close ties with Cuba which has assisted the ANC and now needs help itself... The ANC has got very strong links with Cuba.\""
"She had a range of responses to crime – including for minor offences and for those cases that were highlighted by the staff as being inappropriate for formal prosecution. It involved such informal police reactions as ensuring a written letter of apology to a nurse – welcome for many reasons if the offender was a child with literacy issues. Adults were invited to repay the cost of minor damage as many people in wider society are so invited, as an alternative reparation. Some offenders received fixed penalty notices for damage – fining them £80 and some received police cautions."
"So I’ll be back next week, with pictures from the craft fair this weekend, Truth Be Told Tuesdays (I seriously missed it this week!), Future Project Friday and hopefully some other fun stuff! Have an awesome weekend and if you’re in the DFW area, come by and see me on Saturday!"
"And speaking of pulling up, this morning, I was taking some pictures of her and she just let go of me and stood up all by herself. Take a look:"
"God placed man in the Garden"
"For this occasion, because it celebrates the word not as law but as literature, the expression of ourselves as human beings."
"What do you think? Is social media overall beneficial or detrimental to society as a whole? I guess it may be challenging to draw a conclusion right now, but throughout the course of time, I would have to assume this question will come to the forefront. Take a minute and think about it for yourself, what would you be doing with all your extra time, if social media wasn’t occupying some of it?"
"I’ve said it a thousand times before and I’ll say it again: I love working with other artists!"
"Here are just a few of the pictures that didn't quite require a post all on their own, but definitely needed to be shared!"
"My good friend just had a baby and I wanted to make her something cute."
"You may be starting to see that God would allow you to prosper, but you"
"it was all done, once they gave"
"The result of equal toil and labour,"
"Thursday was our warmest day. It was also our windiest day. After breakfast Collin and I wanted to go take a walk on the beach. And then in the afternoon we played two rounds of mini golf! So much fun! Then in the evening we went back to Rap's for another delicious dinner!"
"\"My grandparents were the politicians,\" I'll say, and leave it at that."
"Project Manager Responsibilities:"
"Funny book and even better you'll also learn something."
"These fragments now increase our holdings as follows: we have as many as eighteen New Testament manuscripts from the second century and one from the first. Altogether, more than 43% of all New Testament verses are found in these manuscripts. But the most interesting thing is the first-century fragment."
"For such little changes it was a lot of work (mostly thanks to the evil natures of the fabrics involved) but so worth it in the end. Which of course begs the question why didn't I just do that the first time?! I blame the sleep deprivation and the fact that my brain had to keep track of too many things the week I finished the dress. Oh well - it's fixed now!"
"As I said before, the West Ladies have really given us a vision as to what we could do with our little homestead and we are constantly striving to get our place in order. I would love to have our home garden be as productive and inviting as the West Ladies. You can tell they work hard and enjoy what they do."
"She has mixed feelings when she hears the strange tales about the princesses and the people lying sleeping in the tower. The people won't wake up, they're just like vegetables While it's horrible, if Reveka can figure out the mystery, she'll have a dowry big enough to make her dreams come true."
"I saw The Avengers twice in 2 days. The first time after an epic all-day Marvel Movie Marathon with my NBFF Geek Outlaw."
"My cousin and I spent some time at the ArchDiocese in La Crosse, and I would have to say it was not what I was expecting. We did find a lot of information, but 99% of it, was in Latin."
"Food vignettes in this book center around comfort food. Right after news of Drew's death reaches the community, a neighbor brings brownies to the family's doorstep. It's just the first of many such deliveries that will be made in the weeks and months following the accident."
"- 4th: Happy 4th of July! The day started with a parade and ended with a BBQ, family and fireworks. -"
"From day to day we live from our heads, our thoughts.....and this causes all our problems, all our misery. We're going against our deepest instincts!"
"13. Nogales: 51-6 vs. Rio Rico"
"Gold Freedom Freedom Four 4.0"
"A lot more love than dislike that's for sure."
"The kids and I sorted out some of their special (not every day) art supplies. Put them into bins and then I made labels for them. I used 3x5 Avery Labels then I went to the Avery website and created these labels in minutes."
"10.Vontade de Matar"
"Where do we go to get one?"
"Korean Glass Noodle and boil for 6 minutes or"
"Needless to say, by this point the idea of Mr A having a balcony was fairly abhorrent to all, and we were itching to get him to provide his plans for us to \"nay\" them unanimously...but the plans never appeared."
"The sand at her feet was created by sponging Antique Linen and Old Paper Distress ink, them I went back and dabbled Antique Linen and Scattered Straw Distress Stickles, to give it a little more dimension. I cut some clouds and masked them to create the cloud-like background. The side panel was embossed with Ossie Dots embossing folder. Which I love and I wish I you could see it better, but they are huge dots. My new embossing folder."
"We say we'll meet again in some springtime."
"There are other films that feature the Olympics: for example, the clutch of minor ones about the talented but erratic American runner Steve Prefontaine, the British-made International Velvet and even Asterix At The Olympic Games – but they’re not a particularly distinguished bunch. The only exception, alongside Chariots of Fire, is One Day In September (1999). This chilling documentary traced the shocking and tragic events of the 1972 Munich Olympics, and went on to win the Best Documentary Oscar in 2000."
"okay. back to bed for me. night all!"
"“Namaste Bhabhiji, uncle has sent these bags. He will come a little later.” He said to her."
"Holy Spririt, Fargo ND Cookbook"
"Dinner: 45g carbohydrates"
"no – it is still beating, i think"
"The Burial Book was lodged in the library where I was working. I began to look at the entries. As a social history it was invaluable, not just for the recording of the passing of my ancestors and how sometimes brief and harsh their lives were, but also revealing the ignorance of the medical profession where regularly people were recorded as having died from ‘Morticia’ which I guess means the cause of death was… death. I studied the gravestones, symbols, designs, codes… and I realised that a graveyard was the perfect place for my dyslexic hero to hide out. Solomon, loves stories and conjures his own from the language of the Memorial Stones. As I began to write and did more research on both my main subjects, the whole thing meshed together - Solomon’s father, the solitary grave, the potential for evil inside everyone, the power of words, the infinite resources of the human mind – the story locked."
"\"With its geographic spread and long history, Islamic art was inevitably subject to a wide range of regional and even national styles and influences as well as changes within the various periods of its development. It is all the more remarkable then that, even under these circumstances, Islamic art has always retained its intrinsic quality and unique identity. Just as the religion of Islam embodies a way of life and serves as a cohesive force among ethnically and culturally diverse peoples, the art produced by and for Muslim societies has basic identifying and unifying characteristics. Perhaps the most salient of these is the predilection for all-over surface decoration. The four basic components of Islamic ornament are calligraphy, vegetal patterns, geometric patterns, and figural representation....from the seventh to the nineteenth century.\""
"I see from their blog, that BrewDog plan to take out a dedicated stall at this year's Campaign for Real Ale's, Great British Beer Festival."
"architect of the joys and mysteries of fermentation,"
"of a relationship"
"Being reasonably skeptical, but at the same time knowingly convinced, that there is more to life can help you channel through your intuition."
"Having been reminded that I haven't posted lately, perhaps I can rectify that situation by sharing some weekend photos."
"Today, I thought it was the perfect time to explain my lack of posts these past couple of months and share some magical news with you all. As you could probably read from the illustration caption above, A. and I are expecting our first little bebe this August! Yay! It's been 5 months so far and we've been enjoying every minute of this pregnancy ride, even those first 3 months when I felt, well, bad. very bad. But extremely happy at the same time. We can't wait to meet the little one this summer, as we both have been waiting for this very moment for a long time and feel so lucky to experience it. In addition to our new bebe on the way, we're also preparing for a BIG move to a new city at the end of April. It's gotten pretty interesting lately, busy prepping for some big life adventures ahead......................"
"Some of you might recognize Miss T whom I've scrapped several times before. Her mother told me that the photo was taken last summer (2011) at the Swedish Royal family's summer residence Solliden which is on the island of Öland. A right royal tree in other words!"
"Disc 1 - Letting Go"
"xx Thankyou xx"
"This letter is written by the antagonist in the second Turning Stone Chronicles book Blood Brothers."
"Keeping a log and analyzing the books I read made a big difference for me in making the transition from writer to author. In January 2010, I began picking apart every book I read into its constituent elements. Plot, character development, narrative arc, setting, dialogue. I picked apart what worked and what didn’t. I noted where I stopped reading and why. I explicitly lined out how I thought the writer was using specific elements of craft and what the effects were."
"The pattern is from Pam Palmer's Tatting Treats Two. I see Deb Arnold is selling it for $15.00 and I'm sure many of the tatting vendors also still carry it. Don't be swayed by the Amazon used copies for $38.88. I'm finding any book out of print that deals with lace is being sold for atrocious prices so make sure you shop around. I'm pretty sure Zig-Zag Corner's Tatting Corner also carries it for the normal price."
"The cost of living matters because:"
"Not everything in F1 is aggressive, extreme, radical or innovative. In fact in many areas the car’s are very close in general design terms. Some time it’s enough just to soak up the detail engineering and explain what all the little bits and pieces do on the car. In this series of short articles, we’ll do just that, thanks to these amazing photographs from MichaelD."
"Bold Cheats"
"But New York is so much more than Manhattan. Take a walk down the West Side to Battery Park and hop aboard the Staten Island Ferry, doesn’t cost a dime."
"This took us to Meijer Gardens, in Grand Rapids. There we dodged field trips and grandparents with grandchildren in tow, and walked through the Butterfly Conservatory, caterpillar room, and a few of the outdoor garden offerings. Though cold, the downpour stopped long enough for us to grab a few shots of tulips which weren't totally blowing in the breeze."
"Instead of taking a firm stand against Islamist fanaticism, we've made a cult of negotiations -- as our enemies pursue nuclear weapons; sponsor terrorism; torture, imprison, rape and murder their own citizens -- and laugh at us."
"Cook pasta according to package directions, drain. Saute bell pepper in a small skillet over medium heat until limp, about 10 minutes (or half that in my case)"
"Relativity’s success is owed in part to its relationship with others, both as a partnership matter and in technical terms. There is already integration between Equivio and Relativity with the Equivio Tab in Relativity which brings e-mail threads and near-duplicate handling into Relativity. Reed Smith has already been using Relativity as a hosted platform and can continue to develop its workflows now that it has a more permanent stake in it."
"It has once caused me to have a small freak out at work, which is not what I wanted to happen. It looked a little like an anxiety attack and it certainly didn’t feel very good."
"I guess I’ll see you in the mirror"
"You remain unsatisfied"
"Here is the simple Vegetarian Stir Fried Taugeh with Kuchai recipe"
"Choice has played a significant role in helping some of the women to realise that they already have adopted elements of a portfolio lifestyle. Life experience mixed together with their unique passion, offers them not only choice to have flexibility and to do different things, but also they have chosen a mix to bring balance to their lives."
"I am a degenerate nihilist"
"Chose to forgive someone who really hurt me this week and choose to believe it wasn't intentional."
"And I have high hopes for Girls, as well. On first glance this show could not be more dissimilar to The Walking Dead, but a closer look reveals a strange consanguinity. Girls is the precise negative inverse of The Walking Dead: survival horror as playacted by blithely clueless and blessedly naive idiots. Although three episodes in is too early to tell whether the show can sustain this level of quality so far it's been pretty consistently funny, and pretty consistently, deliciously cruel as well. This is a show about preciously insulated twenty-somethings left adrift in the headwaters of Hipsterland, New York. So far the show has made tossed salad out of the most pressing and potentially devastating issues in contemporary life: unemployment, STDs, emotional abuse, unwanted pregnancies. The kinds of issues that could demolish anyone on the lower rungs of the social ladder are grist for the mill for these self-infatuated, and yet supremely self-oblivious scions of privilege. If that sounds reprehensible, well, it is, and gleefully so: it's basically Less Than Zero for the Pitchfork set. Nothing has any consequences whatsoever and everything on the surface appears to be cruising along just fine, but just under the edges everything is beginning to get a little seedy, just a tiny bit shabby. Situations that might have been supremely glamorous just ten or fifteen years previous are now just pitiful and squalid, and the gaudy Sex and the City poster on one of the character's apartment wall calls this contrast vividly to mind."
"Litter cast and scattered"
"And church – are you allowing yourself to be grown and strengthened by apostles, prophets, evangelists, shepherds, and teachers? If not, you will not become all God desires. Christ himself has designed his Church to function with their help. Notice, by the way, that shepherd is only one role in the equation. Interesting that most churches pay someone to do this, but not to be apostle, prophet, evangelist, or teacher (though many roll shepherd and teacher into one thing). We pay someone to take care of us, but not to challenge us or lead us into new things. Or, what we call pastor is a one-person show that is supposed to somehow fulfill ALL the leadership described above. We need all these leaders to be operating. Is it any wonder we don’t reach unity in the faith and in the knowledge of the Son of God? We are out of balance."
"The party was a huge success - over eighty friends, relatives, and crashers enjoyed themselves. I spent hours at the grill, making hot dogs, burgers, and steaks. Our guests laughed, chatted, and enjoyed one another. Old friends were reunited, and new friends were made. The food was delicious and everyone left with a full belly. A few moments after the last guests said goodbye late that night, I once again surveyed my kingdom. It looked like it had been attacked by Huns."
"(6) The prevalent theory now is that most (if not all) of the poems in the psalmbook were used in ceremonies at the Second Temple—sung or chanted with musical accompaniment at carious points in the ritual."
"So, Jimmy is glad to be leaving us. We are glad he is leaving. It is a win-win situation for all involved… except maybe his grandmother, who may be getting more than she bargained for. Then again, maybe it is a win for her, too. She will get to handle a lot of her baggage about Jimmy’s mother’s death."
"The Understudy is his second novel and is mostly inspired from his times training as an actor. Written in 2005, the novel did quite well both critically and commercially with The Guardian saying that ‘this bitterly funny book is a delightful reminder of how much acting we all do in the name of love.’ The book follows Josh Harper, who has been named the 12th sexiest man in the world is doing a play on the west end. For him, acting is fame. He is in new blockbusters, has a great apartment, and is loved around the world. Stephen McQueen is his understudy who is divorced and his ex now has a new partner and has custody of their kid. For him, acting affords him a bedsit in south east London and general unhappiness. When will his big break come? Maybe this isn’t sounding like the most gripping of books but it’s extraordinarily funny."
"The mind, for all its wonders, is a distraction. We educate ourselves to expand it. To please it we seek both enlightenment and vices, textbooks and drugs. And the pleasures of humor, knowledge, and verbal interaction become our reasons for living. It is absolutely necessary for personal satisfaction and for the advancement of society that we seek purpose for life, but we must not neglect the beauty of life itself. It is here that I propose we make a degree of simplicity a priority: immersion in a beautiful surrounding, a disconnect from the digital world. And, especially, relaxing the mind and engaging in physical activity."
"Embellishments: Flowers, Charms, Brads and Thread all from my stash"
"You can probably also see that the bigger the author is (i.e. Nora Roberts or Dan Brown) the less of an issue multi-books become because there is room for all with his or her avid fan base. The no-compete clause becomes a moot point of the publisher wants that author on the house list."
"\"Who says you can't teach old dogs new tricks eh?\""
"Sharon Dane arrived in Australia with her parents at the age of 16. She was awarded a PhD in Social Psychology at the University of Queensland. Her area of research interest is the relationship between social inclusion and psychological well-being. Sharon is currently employed as a social scientist at a leading research organisation."
"Even now, a good many will surely swear they will never acknowledge her existence ever again, but Aya still has her fans who would love to see her make a comeback to anime. While not a die-hard Hirano Aya fan, I enjoy her work and count myself amongst those who would like to see her return. Not to condone her behavior, but her personal choices and interests have nothing to do with her work in anime, and in my opinion she is free to exercise her liberty as an individual like anyone else."
"Here I have done this with eggs I painted a duck egg blue."
"Thanks to the awesomeness that is Kyono, as indicated above I have already done some intensive listening to Red+. As much as I loved Red - even naming it the best release of 2009 - Red+ is actually better! Although I do recall being blown away by what had happened to Discharge at the first listen, I've listened too much to Red+ by now to be able to say what has actually changed between tracks since Red so you'll have to trust me on this one. And it's not just like everything old is better - there's some new material just as good with Time in particular proving a worthy opponent of Warm in terms of repeated play."
"Since it's the giving season.... The Doc was trolling some of Jeff's old posts. Going back to the 2006 Holiday Beer season. In keeping with our ongoing banter, Doc submits these Beervana treats of beer evaluation. Who loved ya baby! ;-)"
"Did you know ASTD Golden Gate was chapter of the month in February? Of all the 200+ chapters in the USA, we were selected. To be selected, a fairly long-winded submission has to be made to ASTD National — a chapter must prove itself worthy. Many chapters are doing great things — to be selected, your chapter must stand out. And, we do!"
"but the ghost haunts still, a happy spectre"
"But if you close the door if you build a wall around your heart"
"It should’ve been Chris Brwon ft Chipmink….. but i leave it up to u to decide"
"My birthday(Halloween) has come and gone and I was out of town. Still, with thoughtful parents I was able to see how cute the grandkids looked. I know it is sort of like viewing vacation slides but seriously these kids are cute."
"-Make bed"
"There’s a terrible game of chicken going on at our statehouse right now– I knew that already– I just didn’t realize until I saw their faces that they absolutely don’t care who they hurt in the process. No shame at all. Alabama: No State for Children? is Dr. Abston's gut-wrenching report about the callousness with which legislators view the health needs of the very children they take an oath to protect. In her own words:"
"Once I accumulate enough comments, I'll post a poll that includes the most nominated comparisons and people will get to vote on the all-time biggest bust and improvement in the history of the Donruss base set."
"Please make a note that your list of required due diligence items will grow over time and you may end up with a box — if not boxes of documents. Why? Because during the process, new information is discovered, additional back up documents are required and requested and…the deal may be renegotiated or restructured. You will start your review, if not completely over, from somewhere in the middle and continue with the same fast approaching deadlines."
"Alternately you can grill the whole seasoned chicken pieces on the grill and use a grill basket or screen for vegetables. Grill flour tortillas the last few minutes of cooking and wrap in foil to keep warm. Grilling is my favorite method by far."
"I posted this pic yesterday and some of you thought I had a double lot! Hilarious. Yes darling, we couldn't decide which pool we liked, so we built two! Actually, our neighbors were so excited about Fence Me In and their stellar work, they are getting a new fence at the same time."
"I think it all boils down to the first attack of the mentals I had when I was at school. Severe paranoia, depression and anxiety, all not really helped by bullying and a bit of an eating disorder. It was all my parents could do to get me to leave the house, let alone get on public transport to go to school."
"The Lord is your keeper,"
"My father and grandfather were perfumers and sampling strips of sandalwood"
"Mr. Metcalf said he had been e-mailed by a viewer who was concerned that his relatives might appear on the list."
"The Police once again showed that they are not upholding the law but actively intervening to warn the owners of halls that the left hire that there may be trouble. In other words they are consciously using the threats from fascist groups to attack free speech for the Left and thus effectively doing the work of the fascists for them. Of course, if official propaganda is to be believed, the purpose of the Police is to ensure that such threats are faced down and dealt with. But not when it comes to fascist threats."
"Getting rid of this category. I like going outside of the strictly literary, but not sure that indie rock bands is where I want to go next. A bit of brain-storming led me to think of Josh Topolsky, formerly Editor-in-Chief of Engadget, frequent tech correspondent for Jimmy Fallon, and soon-to-be Editor-in-Chief of a new tech website through SB Nation. Topolsky is a confirmed book nerd, but also a guy right on the front lines of our increasingly digital lives."
"Not that it matters anyway. I'm cock-a-hoop about them regardless, and I'm looking forward to exploiting them to the full for the forthcoming TinTrunk website, not to mention flyers, business cards, signs, badges, banners, fridge magnets, coffee mugs, t-shirts, mousemats - blimey, there's so much potential!"
"I'm also putting more pressure on myself now. I'm dating a doctor, I have to make a good impression on her new doctor friends. I really don't want to be some slacker who somehow managed to mooch off his girlfriend's success. That's just not right."
"Get momma or daddy, they’ll know what to do!"
"It has been quite the year of racing! And it’s only April! This season started off poorly as I have had to deal with a lot of nagging injuries which seem to plague me each month since December. I have started to address the problems and hopefully things will improve. On a more positive note I have managed a PR in 3 of the 4 events this year. I thought I PR’d at Safari Park but it seems I was about 20 seconds off."
"1 requirements"
"Also, if I'm really really enjoying the book, I can zip through it. One time when I was young I had read through a novel fast enough that my Mom didn't believe I'd actually read it. She said, \"you must not have absorbed what you were reading then.\" But I did! Oh, I did. It was a book about the Great Depression, and I remember just being fascinated by the time period. I actually can still recall details from it, and I couldn't have been more than 12 at the time."
"Then I open it to the women, who are itching to speak, by now. \"Ladies?\""
"has recently negotiated with the Association of Universities and Colleges of"
"When I found myself writing about the music, I found myself with few words since I did not really remember that much about the music. I had to listen to it again, and after doing so I realised something – it’s far from great, but it is definitely good. It adds to the atmosphere, but it can’t really “become” the atmosphere in my eyes. It only works as a supplement, and as that role it does quite well. To put it simply – I might not have remembered the music that well, but I definitely remembered the atmosphere in some of the scenes."
"Notes: There will be a 10 Burpee penalty for every missed rep."
"For if the dirty rotten cheat,"
"Black Shirt - Boden"
"Its been for likes 3 months since we know each other… I don’t understand why.. I never.. We were so close.. We used to hang somewhere together, on the phone in the morning, texting all night long. And now…. We’re acting like we don’t know each other, which I have to deal with."
"Having been an eclectic for a very long time, I finally chose Wicca as my path. But going from being eclectic to being Wiccan has made me contemplate a lot of what a tradition is and what it means to be a part of one. Why is being a part of a tradition worthwhile? Here are some of my thoughts on the pros and cons of being a part of a tradition."
"LeAnn came to MY classroom on Wednesday for a visit. YEAH!! I was so excited to have her come in and see all the ways I was using differentiated instruction in my classroom. She was so sweet and complimentary. She loved my Homeworkopoly board (check out my previous post on it) and was going to google it when she got home. She also LOVED my stop sign exit ticket strategy and the I can statement sheet (also in previous posts). Needless to say, it was a very exciting, learning-filled week for me!"
"The morcilla and apple slaw on toast is the only disappointment, the blood sausage sliced a little too meagerly and over-seared so the delicate flavour and texture has been lost. The apple slaw is swaddled in mayonnaise so it's more heavy than refreshing."
"PAXMAN: Psty pasty pasty. Ambient temperature? Pasty pasty pasty microwave oven pasty pasty leave the door pasty pasty pasty?"
"Well, not exactly."
"He said, \"Osborne and deputy premier Clegg have been keen to describe the emergency package as progressive in the sense that the rich will feel more pain than the poor. That is a debatable claim. The budget looks less progressive - indeed somewhat regressive - when you take out the effect of measures that were inherited from the previous government, when you look further into the future than 2012-13, and when you include some other measures that the Treasury has chosen not to model.\""
"Earlier that month, with our temporary registration in hand, we put the boat into Assateague Bay for the first time. It was on that trip that we named her. We toured the five marinas on Chincoteague and paid specific attention to boat monikers. “Birthday Wishes”, “Reel Time”, “Triple R”, “Miss Daisy May”, “Island Time”, “Dream Baby”, “Crabber One.”"
"Jesse and his sister are illegal immigrants who’ve spent their family’s savings to get to America and pursue that elusive dream of a better life. They both turn tricks to survive, a sacrifice Jesse makes to help ease the burden on his sister. Jesse’s learned to be gay-for-pay, and while he hates every moment of it, he does what he has to. The American dream has left him with few options."
"Farm-raised Fish Contain More Pro-inflammatory Omega-6 Fats"
"Alchemists searched to discover magical substances to turn lead into gold, cure disease, and extend life. We all need to believe in a bit of magick, yet the elixir of life is simply believing in you."
"The buddha therefore advocated ”mindfulness” so you could catch yourself before fast became normal and go back to the land of ”cool” before it was too late. But most of us are not buddha’s (we are more like buddhus which is the opposite of the buddha nature!). And therefore you need a friend who plays alarm clock when you are going out of tune. And you can play the same thing for her too. But you need to be open to them, for they are few in the world and will pass you by if you are not attentive."
"While I’ll always be a Jersey Fresh girl, I headed up to Connecticut last week to visit my friends Alex Gross and Zach Gross who have worked at Riverbank Farm for several years now. Alex (visit her fab food blog here!) graduated from Fairfield in 2009 and is now one of the managers on the farm and Zach is starting his senior year at Fairfield and has just gotten back from a semester abroad in Nicaragua and a summer internship in Mexico.. talk about power siblings! I joined them for a morning of tomato harvesting and had such a wonderful time learning the names of the different varieties and catching up with Alex and Zach. Riverbank is located in northwestern Connecticut and between three greenhouses and over 12 acres, they grow wonderful organic produce and flowers to sell wholesale and at market. I met some really wonderful people and got to spend some time chopping up tomatoes for sauce to be canned.. I looked like a hot mess after a few hours but was so glad to have been a part of the day."
"So that's it for this bit. Thanks to all for your blog anniversary comments. You ARE rare and handy, ya know. Let me know if you're going to Rhinebeck, which is where I usually hook up with readers. Next entry, a couple of book reviews...and other shit, no doubt."
"Gtube, inguinal hernia, Had BPD, cardiac problems, 1 kidney"
"Seriously. There is. It’s called Manuscript for iPad. Before you all go running off to find it, I’m not recommending it. I haven’t even tried it and frankly I won’t. But, for $6.99 you can, if you want. I’m also sure there are many other Apps like it out there waiting to be found."
"It means that you recognize a spotlight will seek you out...when it's the right time....and not the other way around."
"I am posting the links instead of writing everything down, so feel free to enjoy them yourselves."
"Pages read since last update: 38"
"I’ve only ever had one guest bail on me. He later confessed that he had not read my listing very carefully and didn’t realize that I was going to be there during his stay. I’m pretty sure he had rented the room to cheat on his wife. Given that we had three mutual Facebook friends, I decided that slinking out in the middle of the night, leaving the key on the coffee table, was probably the smartest thing he could do."
"Long before Facebook and Twitter were born, and computers and mobile phones invaded our lives, people had trusted the postal system to connect with their loved ones. Sending letters, especially greeting cards on special occasions were the fad at that time . And when you say greeting cards , the first thing that comes to mind will always be Hallmark Greeting Cards."
"Mabry is an important sculptor, and I think he’s capable of both the Dada gesture as well as the more edifying, less easy to parse out and to simplify, presentation of the absurd. I, for one, like the later works better, and this seems to be the direction that Mabry’s heading. I am looking forward to more."
"dee ;o) ﻿"
"6-0"
"2 cups sugar snap peas, sliced on the diagonal"
"When I got home I made a delicious grilled cheese sandwich with goat cheese, and some Spanish cheese I picked up at Whole Foods on my yumm-o rosemary bread. So much for the calories I burned on the cross trainer. (Waaaaa, waaaa.) If you have ever seen Debbie Downer on Saturday Night Live, that is the sound I was going for. . ."
"Agriculture Commissioner James Comer also supports legalization, arguing that industrial hemp could yield more per acre than corn and soybeans. He sees hemp as a viable alternative to tobacco, a once-stalwart crop that has been on the decline in Kentucky."
"If you are honest and sincere people may deceive you. Be honest and sincere anyway."
"strenuous or earnest, as activity, exertion, diligence, or thought: an intense life."
"Joe Smith, and two current members of the North Carolina Tarheel roster, Kendall Marshall and James McAdoo. But those are just some of the big names that you may know. The Boo Williams Summer League program has not only produced professional athletes, but also pastors, teachers, coaches and entrepreneurs. The BWSL is a pillar in the Hampton Roads Community and beyond."
"Growing up an orphan in the Milky Way hasn't been easy, especially as a teenage girl in the Naval Academy. Unfortunately for Molly Fyde, things are about to get worse. Just as she's finding her place amongst the boys, her unfair expulsion from the Academy takes away the only two things that truly matter: flying in space and her training partner, Cole. Sent off to a normal school, she feels destined for a dull, unspectacular future."
"if you would like more help. Happy to do so!"
"Things were getting pretty touchy as this last shuttle got closer to empty. As you can see, I've advanced the back dowel over the backbeam, and toward the heddle. There's not much room in front of the heddle -- little more than the width of the shuttle. It's possible I could fit about a half-inch more of weaving on here, advancing the warp a little more and threading the shuttle through the skimpy shed at this point."
"Whisky."
"Organize clothes, and dust off your dressers. Take a look in your closet to see what you can give away. If it doesn’t fit, or you haven’t worn it in over a year, there is no reason to keep it. Put as much junk away as possible so that all clutter is eliminated."
"Also, there was limited space to store dockets and the office was soon going to run out of room."
"The beauty of this world is shown in the guitar interplay of the Cavanagh brothers. For all the ridicule that their future career as 'Radiohead for metalheads' has brought them, their debut album finds them in perfect sync with each other. One guitar will start a voice and let it linger mid-way, only for the other channel's guitar to pick it up and give it conclusion and rest. This game between brothers touching and yes, harmonious and joyful. There is no death-lust in the mental image of two brothers playing their instruments together, reaching agreement. I have been enchanted by their conversation on their early material before and long since I could realize similar musicality in my own multi-part composition. Though the brothers here connote this record has come from common grief (a family loss is alluded to directly in the liner notes of the record via a commemoration) I hear in their guitar stereo compositions, joy and lust and desire for something beautiful."
"If you've followed me over my career, you have probably seen book marketing that ranges from cold cash purchases to downright gimmicks. I've had a lot of fun, given away a ton of free books, more than 30 Kindles and Kindle Fires, thousands of dollars in gift cards, and sold a lot of books and met tens of thousands of readers. Some of my stunts include a giveaway of three of my permanent teeth to promote They Hunger, chances to be drawn as a character in my comic books, paying book bloggers 15 percent of my income to promote my books, casting actors for the parts in the fantasy movie versions of my books, and hosting a paranormal conference for the primary purpose of inspiring my novel."
"And in the midst of all of it, simply gave myself over to a life that was all about pleasure…all about me…all while talking myself into the idea that it wasn’t really evil, and it wasn’t really all that bad: Heck, as long as I made sure to get to church from time to time, sit in on the service, and tell God I loved Him…that ought to take care of the “religious” side of life."
"Dies: Wplus9 Heart Die, PTI Limitless Layers"
"Make your blood boil"
"Alright, there's a bbq burger with my name on it. Time to go... be back next week with the final bathroom reveal and another surprise or two!"
"Cask fest at BBC St. Matthews, similar format as the previous two years."
"Oh just to be with you"
"These thoughts, however, are tools of the oppressor. They are used by the evil one against us to keep us from living freely. Scripture states clearly that we are not alone in our temptations (1 Corinthians 10:13). Jesus himself fought every battle we fight. Just because He was God did not make him any less human and therefore any less susceptible to temptation. In the same verse that tells us that we are not alone in our temptation, God promises us that He will provide a way out for us. He will provide a way for you to endure it. I’ve read that in the original text the meaning of “endure” has to do with a word picture of someone being able to stand under a heavy weight. The weight is still there. The verse says nothing about God taking the temptation away from me. He simply says that I do not have to fail and that HE will provide me the strength to stand under it."
"Survivors at Youth With a Mission (YWAM) in Arvada are also moving past the tragedy and placing trust in God. “Lord, we don’t know why two of our dear friends died in this hallway. But although we don’t understand why, we trust you,” prayed Peter Warren, director of the Denver chapter of Youth With a Mission."
"Late Night Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) Webinar."
"Goldfish has been one of the special little things that Mr. Noodle and I share. When he neatly places a paper napkin on my lap as if it were the finest linen, then reaches under my arm - careful not to jostle as I steer - to shake out a handful of the crackers, I think that no tuxedo'ed waiter in the fanciest white-cloth restaurant could ever serve a finer meal. And when there's only a small handful left in the bag, we know that our next stop - our next adventure - is not far off."
"I think everyone that has lost weight has done a similar mathematical exercise. We have also all sworn NEVER to let that happen to us again…."
"Anthony P. Infante, 47, Chatham, N.J."
"6) “Everybody plays the fool. There’s no exception to the rule. It may be factual, may be cruel. But everybody plays the fool. oooOOOOooooOOOOOOO!” (You have to sing it)"
"I will never be homosexual and never have been or any tendencies and I do the support the gay community. But with that bias opinion aside, the respect issue is important no matter who you are. Unless someone completely disrespects you and violates your personal rights; leave other people’s alone and let them live. Respect should be universal and not based on personal bias points of views."
"Mrs. Colson just put a box on the floor and ran out. And holy moly. That box is moving. I am afraid to open it. What if it is something dangerous? No, she would not do that to me. She would not just leave me in the room with something dangerous without any warning would she? Oh my God, she would. No, she wouldn’t. Would she? Oh god. What do I do? Do I open the box? Do I just leave? What if it starts freaking out once it hears me moving? What if Mrs. Colson never comes back? What if I am just stuck here? I don’t know. What should I do? I think I am going to open it. I think so. I mean, we are at school. It can’t be anything too dangerous. Even if it is dangerous at all. Right? Give me strength, oh Oprah. Ok. I am going to open it. I am going to open the box. Here I go. I am opening the lid. Up it goes. Up and off the box. I am opening it. All the way. Oh. That was anti-climactic. It is just a toy robot. She must have turned it on and forgotten to turn it off before she put it in the box. I wonder why she didn’t just mention it to me and why she had to run away quickly like that. What if it is a dangerous robot? What if it is actually a bomb? What if it explodes? Great. Now I am going to worry about that the entire time I am stuck here. Oh nevermind. Mrs. Colson is coming back."
"Anyway, I just wanted to share. I love it. Did I mention that?"
"Meanwhile, how 'bout we revisit an \"oldie but goodies\" using of of Mr. H's classic product lines?"
"26. Back Up Offa Me"
"Not sure if we'll do anything special Tuesday, since we had our night, but I will probably let the girls choose dinner and dessert at home. Last year we fed the girls and ordered Steak Out, but not sure I want to spend that much. I need to figure it out soon!"
"BEIRUT (AP) — A barrage of gunfire by security forces that left residents cowering in their homes killed at least nine people and wounded several others Wednesday in Homs, a hotbed of opposition to President Bashar Assad’s autocratic regime, activists and residents said. Two others were shot dead during raids in Sarameen, in northern Syria."
"For that matter, in January please do not ask me if my IUI was successful or not. It might have been but I might be afraid to share the news early on or it might not have been and then you'll just piss me off for being nosy and reminding me that I'm still not pregnant. If I have news I WANT to share I'll do so."
"The world is all a-buzz re: Pixar’s latest installment of wizardry, Brave, which opens in theaters on 6/22. Most famous for their imaginative shorts (Boundin’, anyone?) and a string of success thanks to Wall E, Up, and the Toy Story franchise, Pixar had yet to produce a film with a female protagonist until now, a striking contrast to the many princess-centered films of Disney. This story is an original Pixar fairytale, though the plot is reminiscent of Hans Christian Andersen and Grimm Brothers stories. Brave takes place in the Highlands of Scotland, replete with epic battles and folklore and a curse and a witch and a not-so-average princess named Merida, a fiery-haired, skilled archer who–I surmise–will save the day. With her bravery."
"No gift is complete without a tag:"
"The point of all this nonsense is I'm working on a post, I really am, and I'll have it up (the post) within the next week. If you don't like book recaps, forget everything you just read. You may keep the photo, though, because I agree with Martha: I'm so damn cute."
"last day of community CSA share"
"Say it from your heart"
"5. Diamante stud ear-rings (Tesco, 2006)"
"b) Then by abiding in God in mind and heart, endeavour to, fulfil in body the duties and affairs which your station in life imposes upon you."
"My new buddy turned to me as we walked and introduced herself as \"Amy, but that's A. I. M. E. E.\" She went on to tell me the names of everyone else in the dorm, but at that point I really didn't care. All that I cared about was how I was going to get out of there."
"If you give people incentives and spend the money on proper training programs and make them feel important and valuable, then your employees might actually become important and valuable to your organization."
"The high-profile Glivec patent dispute in which Novartis challenged the Madras (Chennai) Patent Office decision of rejecting its patent application for beta-crystalline version of imatinib mesylate under vaguely interpreted S. 3 (d) is now been heard in the Supreme Court of India. The dispute has been in print media more for the wrong reasons and widely reported as controversial because of NGOs vociferous criticism of Novartis’s legal recourse but for patent practitioners the case has been of significant concern to see how judiciary meticulously approaches to interpret"
"Hey my lovely readers,"
"Set an example - This life lived of righteousness is caught as much as it is taught. This can be formal or informal both. We need classes, but we also need mentorships."
"While the sausage is cooking, chop the kale mixture very finely. You will use most of it in the pasta, but we served the leftover vegetables on the side--they taste like a steakhouse creamed spinach dish, but way healthier."
"Much of Sheldon’s book is about Henry Maxwell, pastor of the First Church of Raymond; and early on, Sheldon quotes the preacher as follows:"
"\"Plus the amazing formats offered by Eco Comics really help bring this classic character into the digital age.\""
"Most people are afraid of good or bad ideas. Good ideas require change and that’s intimidating. Bad ideas make us look foolish or stupid, or waste time and money."
"Sprinkle a little flour on your hands to keep the dough from sticking."
"“James,” she replied with a stiff nod. Her eyes looked puffy yet her gaze didn’t waver as she stopped a few feet in front of him. “There’s something I’ve gotta tell ya, James, and–well, there’s no easy way to say it.”"
"With wiles, they daily put wicked and dangerous examples before men’s eyes and draw men to them. If we then would not lose our Lord Jesus Christ, His Word and faith, we must pray against the Turks as against other enemies of our salvation and of all good. Nay, as we pray against the devil himself."
"#3 singles: Kevin Cole defeated Joe Szabo (7-5) (6-4)"
"YES Cement/brick replacement/repair to exterior steps"
"The closing date for submissions is the 18th September 2011. The entries will the be judged by an industry panel and the winners notified by email and post by Friday 7th October."
"Fact: templates are tacky. A résumé is the blood, sweat and tears of your background, education and work experiences. There are plenty of ways to present yourself in a manner that exudes qualities you can personally identify with as well as professionally. Using a template is considered sloppy because it is so generalized. Depending on the field of study, the format for the résumé you are creating should reflect those qualities. For example, business students should hand in a résumé that is clean and plain, differing from a design student may organize the information with a creative twist. My friend Don Talbert has some helpful advice for anyone on the job hunt!"
"1 backdoor"
"I think I've been remiss lately because I haven't told you how much I appreciate the fact that you choose to read my blog and to take time out of your day to leave me thoughtful, genuine comments! I know how frustrating it can be to never get any sort of response or to feel unappreciated and the last thing I want is for YOU to feel that way. Because I appreciate you guys SO much. And to show my appreciation I do my best to always respond to every single comment and to visit your blogs and leave you comments too! But, I haven't been so good at just coming right out and saying how much your words mean to me."
"Are you able to create a company card which fast? Doug Jones demonstrates how to do it using Workplace. net company card templates."
"What publishers count on from bookstores is the browsing effect. Surveys indicate that only a third of the people who step into a bookstore and walk out with a book actually arrived with the specific desire to buy one."
"The frosting was definitely full of black sesame taste and was thick and nice. Would love it if the cupcake had a stronger black sesame taste which would definitely complement the frosting much better I feel!"
"2. Love’s Not A Competition, But I’m Winning – Kaiser Chiefs"
"It was one of those miscellaneous evenings where you found yourself meandering back from K-nags. I have a strong feeling that it wasn’t an infamous Tuesday Dinner which drove us from the confines of our red brick haven. Nor was it a sudden realization that the first of the month was stealing past us and the Gelato Place was happily doling out scoops of an absurd flavour for a ridiculously cheap price. I vaguely remember being addicted to cranberry juice that summer. And an hour before being helplessly locked inside Rez for the night, a quick trip to Malka Ganj happened to be my only hope."
"Directed by Declan O’Brien (Wrong Turn 3: Left for Dead (2009), Sharktopus (2010))."
"“Despite his limited education, he had an amazing ability to learn anatomical names and recognise anomalies,” Hickman says. Apart from a skilled assistant, Naki cherishes his role as an educator. “In my so-called career as a surgical research lecturer, I taught more than three thousand professors,” he says proudly."
"Elections are now open as mentioned and we have more opportunities than ever to get involved with your Rocky Mountain chapter of NAFA. Chair, Vice Chair, Treasurer, and Secretary all are accepting nominations. If one of these does not sound like your cup of tea we also have committees you can serve on. Bill Jefferies(Hincklease Inc.) has recently been appointed as the Membership Chair as some of you will be hearing form him in the coming months. We realize how important our membership is to the success of our chapter and we have planed server initiatives to start to reach out more to survey your needs. Mark Petersen( Hourglass Management) is serving as our Affiliates Chair and has recently been appointed as the new position of Communications Chair. He is a high energy guy and a lot of fun to work with. Randy Shadley(Corporate Claims Management) has been involved for many years in every aspect of NAFA local and national. He is currently serving as our chapter Secretary and has recently be appointed to the new created chair position of Safety Committee. All of these committees can use your help. If you are interested please just ask for more information and when you get involved we realize everyone has their time limitations we can work with them. Linda George (CH2M Hill) who is our current chapter Treasurer has assumed the Chair of our Reception Committee, which has been chaired for many years by Mark Petersen."
"Development Support Communication has changed as the world has changed. From the patronising tradition of the modernisation paradigm, more emphasis is seemingly now on dialogue and empowerment, involving beneficiaries in the communication process and giving them power to shape policies (Quebral 1972). DSC itself came about as a solution to the limitations of Development Communication (DC) where communication barriers emanating from cultural, wealth and power differences between the development agents (benefactor) and the targeted communities (beneficiaries) were not fully questioned. A redirection of development initiatives towards participation of the intended beneficiaries in planning and implementation of development programmes resulted (Agunga 2006)."
"-You Tube"
"\"The Lord does notice us, and he watches over us. But it is usually through another person that he meets our needs. Therefore, it is vital that we serve each other...So often, our acts of service consist of simple encouragement or of giving mundane help with mundane tasks, but what glorious consequences can flow from mundane acts and from small but deliberate deeds!\" Spencer W. Kimball"
"I just learned how to make this adorable vintage flower. It's made from white sheen curtain I purchased at Walmart for $4.50. My local fabric store is not that local and Walmart didn't have sheen fabric."
"Why is BN shaking so jittery in its foundations? There must be more than merely wanting to stay on in power despite having enjoyed the glory for over five decades."
"PROVERBS 3:7-8"
"1. Cook your soba noodles according to the direction on the package. Throw dried shitake mushrooms into the hot water while noodles are cooking. Once noodles are done, drain noodles and mushrooms. Rinse noodles with cold water, and pull out mushrooms and squeeze excess water out of the mushrooms."
"♥~Organic Rosemary Mint Bath Salts~♥"
"This movie was cool for me, just that there is too many advertise sponsored brand in this movie, example: Nippon, Proton, Insurance and etc. This is abit too much and not necessary to do it. My rating would be 6.5/10 and it is a fine movie, that's it."
"Speakin' of freakin' car accidents, the Doc falls asleep at the wheel on the way back from the prison, and it's determined he needs a break!"
"What are your plans after graduation?"
"But know that our God still works miracles. When we trust Him with our whole lives and worship Him with our whole hearts it opens up a realm of the ,miraculous, the greatest miracle of all though is to trust in Him and to hear His voice."
"A perfect example for you: there is a bookstore in Lynchburg that I love. The entire upstairs area is crammed with used paperbacks that range from $0.99 – $3.99. There are SOME big name titles (King, Grisham, Koontz, etc.) but most of the titles are from authors I’ve never heard of. For the past 4 years or so, I’ll swing by there and pick up random titles by random authors."
"1070 *D-III/29/1990. “Law, Literature and Judge Posner.” The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (With Richard A. Posner, William T. Braithwaite, and Linda Hirshman.) (Incorporated in Item C-1992(5), above.)"
"Soup. Chicken noodle soup, extra noodle."
"Here are a few shots of the kids."
"This imputed righteousness comes from a built-up account of righteousness earned and bought by the only One Who could have earned it. Such righteousness is as glorious to a fallen sinner as any treasure to be found in His riches in glory. (Ephesians 1:18)"
"Believe me when I say I do"
"So, this is the photo of the primer coat for all the little flowers and the owl:"
"The hustings began with opening statements, during which the candidates made clear that they felt that the 30 year Labour stranglehold on Glasgow councils had to come to an end. Change was the word of the day, with even the Labour candidate acknowledging that it’s time for new blood, pointing out that both herself and the other Labour candidate running had never held a position before. That rang a little hollow though."
"The planted swastika, the eagle grafted"
"Fall Out Boy. Skinny jeans. Panic! At the Disco. Black eyeliner. Band t-shirts."
"In the middle we have EATEN ALIVE, another Bell/Hooper collab. It's not as notorious as TEXAS, but still rules. Pretty simple one here. CHEW CHEW CHEW CHEW. The end, ha! Well, there is more to it than that, but you get the idea."
"There are so many problems in the world right now and this is a very small blog but I have to point out the old saying that ignorance of the law is no excuse under the law. It's quite obvious that the same rule should apply equally to environmental crimes. The fact is that there are no islands left where we can start again. As Bill McKibben said:"
"Disress ink - Tim Holz Aged mahogany"
"The United States And Britain In Prophecy"
"Some diners reported that they were mistaken for valet parkers, coat checks and bathroom attendants."
"\"by definition accessories are supplemental; there is no need to be practical. so go big. go hard, and go far."
"Of pure ablution round earth’s human shores,"
"p54 “Almost everywhere the expulsion of demons, diseases, and sin coincides – or a one period coincided – with the festival of the New Year.”"
"This was fun. Pure and simple. Not a whole lot of \"cussing\" and no neckedness, just fun. The best I would describe it if I was down at the feed store would be that it is a cross between \"Die Hard\" ( It does have Bruce Willis in it ) and the \"Pink Panther\". Neither of these movies were a big draw to me but the combination made me laugh a little."
"We’ll run riot"
"He gave me a gift card to Barnes and Noble, too. I love Barnes and Noble. Thanks, Joe! My favorite! He said he didn't want to choose a book for me, so he thought a gift card was prudent. I definitely appreciated the thought, even though, again, just having him be a part of my day was enough."
"San Francisco, you totally have me wrapped around your little finger."
"^After all of the band stuff was done, all of the rest of the time was to ourselves. (yay.) Everyone broke into their little groups and went off. I was in a small group of four but I had the best time ever. I had fun just wandering aimlessly, waiting for an hour on the monorail, and other pointless time-wasting unforeseen events."
"Kostya checked his radio. It was still off. His brows furrowed at the switch. No. No it was coming from ahead of him. Kostya bounded over the rough floor. With his next step, he felt his weight increase. Another landing, and his knees ached with the extra poundage of his heavy suit. Another landing and a sharp pain surged up through his heels. But Kostya moved forward, uncaring."
"So, for the first time in my life, I spoiled the ballot paper. I'd rather not have, but I didn't feel I had any choice. Again, what the respective parties offer on a local level does not do enough to deviate from my thoughts about them in principle and I couldn't vote for a local candidate if I have such strong feelings about their party on a national level."
"Green grass and trees"
"Mary Beth won next when we were still only halfway through the third row. That's impressive. When you call for mah jongg, you put all of your tiles on the top of your rack so everyone can check your work. This picture is still from my perspective (with my oh-so-close hand!). MB's winning hand is on the right and all of our discarded tiles are in the center."
"“We’re seeing kids with respiratory symptoms from homes where meth is used or manufactured,” Wells said."
"But wiser counsels prevailed. Sir Pelham Warner declared that, if Haig were allowed to put his plan into practice, “the future of the Empire itself would be at stake”. The rest is history. Attritional cricket – in its purest form – was first ruled “unsporting” by the MCC and then outlawed under the Geneva Convention."
"The challenges used were"
"Context on the show: Lisa is concerned that the lack of schooling will hurt her chances to get into an Ivy League university, going so far as to note “At this rate I probably won’t even get into Vassar.” Homer is outraged she would even say such a thing and reproaches her with the above."
"That I don't know. I read. But I wouldn't call that a resource, per se. I tend to keep a dictionary and a thesaurus open on my desktop while I'm writing, and I use those a lot. Usually because I have a word in mind that is not precisely the word I'm looking for, so I do a lot of cross-checking of definitions for synonyms. Of course, there's always my kids. They give me a lot to write about. Heh"
"My survival was the result of planning, discipline and luck. I planned what I was going to eat and drink. I was disciplined enough not to throw caution completely to the wind. And I was lucky that some of my trigger foods were not in any of the suites."
"The microwave smelled pretty bad after that part of the experiment, so I told Katie to go grab a bar of Ivory soap."
"The Elysian was founded in 1995 by principals Dick Cantwell (President/Head Brewer), Joe Bisacca (CFO/Head of Operations) and David Buhler (Sales & Marketing Director). Our first Seattle location, a 220-seat beer hall and our main brewery, opened in 1996 on Capitol Hill, Seattle’s most populous neighborhood. In 1997 Elysian was chosen to operate a pub and small brewery at Gameworks—a large entertainment complex owned by Universal Studios, Dreamworks & Sega. Elysian left this partnership in 2002 upon expiration of the five-year contract. A short year later Elysian opened TangleTown, an 80-seat neighborhood brewery/bistro. With a 3-bbl pilot brewery, Elysian-TangleTown acted as the brewers' test kitchen, fueling the creative fires and helping cement Elysian's reputation as Seattle’s top brewpub. The most recent addition to the Elysian empire, Elysian Fields, opened in August 2006. Perched next to Seattle’s two sports arenas, Fields seats 400 and packs the house at lunch and on gamedays. It is typical for us to offer over twenty different Elysian beers between the three locations."
"I looked at the list all day yesterday. It was so beautiful."
"Yeah you gotta believe, you gotta believe"
"Yes, there are limitations for social media due to compliance challenges in retaining online conversations. But, by following best practices and guidelines, social media can become a powerful tool to spread the word about you."
"I wore this out the other night to a pre-school music group coordinators meeting (you know in a cafe over a mars bar cheesecake!). I wondered that it might be too costumey looking but I was stopped by a stranger - older woman - and told I looked lovely so I'll take it, it was okay! I'd love to find some shoes in the same blue to wear with it....."
"9-14 July 2011, Hilton Orlando Bonnet Creek, Orlando, Florida, USA"
"If company had stopped on by,"
"To live with Thee there"
"These little guys really were so easy! I took strips of white tissue paper and mod podged them on to empty canning jars. Any empty jar would work. After I got the strips on I put a layer of Mod podge over the top to seal it and took the rounded tip of a paint brush and did the eyes and mouth. I also painted the rim black. My kids each did one with me, but I think they were a little too messy for their skill level (7 and 5). I think these would be cute either filled with goodies, or just as deocoration like I have them. I want to try to stick some Christmas lights in them and see how they look, what do you think? I am linking up to thrifty decor chick"
"8. Bridging Our Faiths by the Interreligious Council of San Diego, Paulist Press, 1997, 105 pages"
"In 1993 members of the Supreme Court, certain members of congress and representatives from the Clinton government meet with high ranking US military officers who were demanding a return to constitutional law, reforms of the banking system, and financial redress. They agreed to create the farm claims process which would allow the legal team to set up meetings all over the country on a grass roots level to help others file claims and to educate them about the lawsuit."
"Now the girls had gotten quite used to hearing me say that I could make them skirts but nothing else because I didn't know how to make anything else, and as soon as I finished this and stepped back to admire my work, they jumped on me and demanded dresses. With gathers and zippers and shit. So I let them pick out fabric and we chose another pattern, and yesterday afternoon, I got started."
"Pretty pink blossoms, Easter treats, fluffy cat naps, good times with great friends, FINALLY seeing The Hunger Games on a date night with Mike, and sunny morning walks with the pup are all the ingredients that made for a fabulously fun and relaxing weekend. How did you guys spend yours?"
"Super Abounding Grace"
"Olive oil (extra virgin is preferred)"
"Most of you are too young to remember what happened at Kent State in 1970, but it is important in the political and cultural history of our country. I mention this event because it happened on May 4th -- today -- forty two years ago. The picture shown above is the iconic image of that event."
"\"Shongwe has endorsed the brutality of this police unit by saying that people found in taverns should not expect to be treated like people who are in church,\" Sihlali said."
"And as I rested my phone back in the receiver and wiped away the 5th smudge of tomato sauce from my paper, that little fighting soldier inside me? The one that wants to stick up for myself? Explain myself? Set the record straight? Well, she got a bit pissed."
"Unfortunately for the Yankees, Whitey Ford, starter in Game 6, didn’t get the memo. He struck out the leadoff man in the 2nd, but then surrendered three singles in a row followed by a walk, prompting manager Casey Stengel to yank him. With Ford done for the game, the Yankees relied on relatively unknown journeymen relievers Art Ditmar and Ryne Duren to span the gap against Spahn. They did."
"I ask for your prayers and thoughts of the victims and family of this tragedy. The little nine year old girl who died at the hospital. Such a senseless, senseless tragedy."
"I suppose it happens to everyone though, and I do still enjoy seeing all the little children walking down the street in costumes. It never gets old and I have to admit…perhaps its just my wild imagination as a writer, or my love for ghosts and the paranormal…but October always has this…air. As if, anything is possible in this month, even magic."
"for bread."
"Sounds like a hopeless epidemic? There is help. According to a recent research paper, 12-month quit rate for smokers who did not use assistance (counseling, drugs, etc.) is a only 4-7 percent. However, with assistance of some kind, that success rate more than doubles to 15 percent. While 15 percent still seems low, it represents a doubling of success rates. Speak to a health care professional and get the assistance that will help you to become more successful. Take care of yourselves and each other…"
"However there is always some blog material to be found by watching and listening and I did enjoy my trip and it gave me an enormous amount of pleasure and Harry was fine. I will do this more often now, I think."
"Clackety-clack! Behind a blanket I hide"
"My daughter has a final exam during the royal wedding so she asked me to record it for her. We decided that we would have a small royal party when she comes home for summer in a couple of weeks. We will brew tea, assemble fingertip sandwiches, bake scones, and serve them with clotted cream and jam."
"And I’m constantly searching out new ones (don’t tell my husband — who did take calculus and trig) and I spend far too much time playing games, which require analyzing angles, balance, sweet spots, swing, timing and torque, among other things, in order to collide, cut, destroy or dynamite the objective."
"The Dread"
"stretching to coddle her slavering mutt. Her breasts"
"Happy Saturday! I know I don't usually post on the weekends, but today I have a special reason ~ it's the 25th and that means it's time to show off the latest Diners Club set from Gourmet Rubber Stamps called Prescription for Spring."
"728 **D-VI/13/1976. “The Greek Character and Islam.” Hellenic Professional Society of Illinois, Sheraton-Chicago Hotel, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-2001(6), above, pp. 434-54, and in Item C-2002(8), above.)"
"Every single one of us is equipped to help in some way. I see so many families (ours included) who find unique and different ways to help. Some are doing giveaways of various things. Others sell t-shirts (we just bought one today from here: http://seejoleighadopt.wordpress.com/). We are selling Avon, bracelets, tshirts, a downloadable song. There are people doing virtual yard sales with all kinds of things. The excuse cannot be that there is nothing that interests you. Because if you don't want to win a Kindle, someone will be giving away an Ipad. If you don't want an Ipad, you might want something from a yard sale. If you don't want anything there, you might want to buy coffee (may I suggest http://www.hopetohome.com/collicott.html). And if you don't want anything, collect your loose change for a week and contribute to a family from Reece's Rainbow!"
"They got to my friend, too. The second we arrived in Harpers Ferry she began saying she was craving bar-b-que. \"We HAVE to get bar-b-que - right now!\" she kept saying. This friend is a very careful eater. She rarely eats meat, is a yogi, has a sensitive stomach so she chooses what she eats mindfully. I should have seen it, but I was already so far into the spin of energy, I did not have the presence of mind to say, \"You? You really want bar-b-que?\" We ate smoked, bar-b-qued pork sandwiches and a mountain of fries. This is SO unlike my friend. She asked for more bar-b-que sauce, even. Imagine the most dainty eater you know chowing down on smoked pork? Huh?? It should have struck me as weird, but it seemed perfectly natural, the way the oddest things are normal in dreams."
"He wasn’t a fisherman by the actual meaning of the word. He had taken up throwing his net in the Yamuna to get food for herself, when he was beaten by the world to expect nothing better. But after this incident, he swore to try and find his way in the world, horrified lest he too should turn up like that."
"So imagine there isn't another layer underneath & the top layer is the whole dress lol. I do like to make things hard dont I. 1 day I will do a video tutorial lol."
"Over and around us lies."
"No word yet if Megan Fox is signed for the love interest."
"In reality, the most challenging part of restoring this parasol was that it was missing the cap that parasols often (but not always) have at the top of the finial. I sacrificed a slightly expensive (but real metal) pen to make this final cap. I'd like to find a better solution, but for now, this will do."
"Only memories are left like this"
"Dad: *gets angry* Don’t be so ridiculous! You’re overreacting. This is much harder for me and mum than it is for you."
"Coincidentally, among the \"core cities\" with the whitest populations, Portland is first at 74% and Pittsburgh is second at 67%. In contrast, Pittsburgh's Robber Baron-era rival Cleveland is only 37% white. But that doesn't have anything to do with why Pittsburgh is slowly becoming hip while Cleveland is stagnating. Don't even think that."
"The Cosmsits conclude: “Please try to understand, we have already taken all your objections into consideration decades ago. As we want to make a favorable impression on the imminent Artilect, in a gesture of unmistakable generosity, we will use our latest replication technology to transform all Terrans- or Luddites, as some of you prefer to be called- into virtual cows, so that you may contentedly moo in the fields. As cows, you wouldn’t care what the rest of us are doing.”"
"On a second day of our weekend getaway, we woke up slowly and went to have a complimentary breakfast at the hotel's restaurant. This breakfast was not like buffet breakfast but you can actually order from the menu and they will make it for you after they get the order. It was really good breakfast. I did not bring my camera so no photo of breakfast..."
"Supporting our local farmers (Check Plus!)"
"Wherever you are,"
"-Gen 6:1-4"
"Instead, one objection to the term is that it just seems a bit definitive. After all, if there was a ‘glass ceiling’ we’d have no women or people from black or ethnic minority backgrounds in senior management; and whilst we don’t have enough there are definitely some."
"and I still remain"
"Our goals are to complete 30 pieces of art that make people “wake up” in another notion of reality and generate reflection on the viewer and also to successfully integrate our ideas and explore different techniques."
"Please, hold that shit in, from now on, until the end of time."
"Liya"
"When I have pictures, I will post."
"Quicky update #2: I don’t like Liam Smith anymore. Ever since ice hockey season ended, I haven’t seen him (it’s been like a month!) so I was forced to stop liking him for my mental health. It took me three weeks to stop liking him and those weeks were agonizing. Trying to stop talking about a guy who you are still 100% totally in love with is hard. But time is the only way to get over a boy, and time worked! I still have mini feelings for him, but defiantly not as much as before."
"M — Education:"
"QE has become almost a fetish for gold watchers and market analysts. This perspective was on full view on April 25 during the Fed’s monthly meeting that is closely watched by economists and finance experts."
"and on a Bloodthirsty Charge with a reroll were sent screaming into the woods running with their scalps intact. The British were more heavily reinforced than had previously been reported nd the hamlet provided sufficient cover for an ambuscade by British forces."
"Dear Margaret Anne,"
"“THE DOOMSDAY MACHINE”"
"There is my interpretation of a dish we often order at our local Malaysian restaurant. I used chicken instead of duck and the result was more than satisfactory."
"Make the filling: Toss the apples, granulated sugar, and cinnamon together in a large bowl; set aside. Bring the apple cider to a simmer in a 12-inch oven-safe skillet over medium heat. Cook until reduced to ½ cup, about 5 minutes. Transfer the reduced apple cider to a small bowl or liquid measuring cup. Stir in the lemon juice and set aside."
"Harper has been getting off lightly for the last ten days while I travelled Newfoundland. Well, Herr Harper its over now and time to get back to basic’s"
"Coming after “The Da Vinci Code”, this book was bound to generate lot of interest and it did become very popular but it is definitely not the same, specifically due to the final climax which leaves everybody desiring for something else. “The Lost Symbol” by Dan Brown is once again a thriller where his earlier hero Robert Langdon is trying to figure out the symbolism and code words in a chase where he is being threatened for his life. Dan Brown has the knack of creating chapters that reveal his story bit by bit and at the end of the chapter leaves you asking for more. It is extremely difficult to keep down the book once you start reading it."
"A Buddhist burning incense before an image of a bodhisattva, a Christian prayerfully studying the narratives of the Bible, or for that matter a Druid standing with arms outstretched in the midst of circle of trees in the rain, taking part in the dance of the natural world, are all contemplating that which they hope, in their own way, to imitate. All three, and their equivalents in other traditions, are aware of the other side of the balance; the Buddhist affirms the reality of suffering, the Christian likely considers original sin as a fact of existence, the Druid knows full well that the dance of nature also includes pain and death, but the devotional and meditative practices of these and other faiths carefully balance such reflections with a more sustained contemplation of exactly those things the believer seeks to imitate."
"Flash’d all their sabres bare,"
"Tips: If you plan to use black and white rice, cook and wrap the white rice first. Otherwise everything will turn into a dark sticky mess. Also, you can mix the black and white rice, and it will all turn black. This is a little more cost effective as black sweet rice is more expensive. There is no taste difference between the black and white rice. Also, reserve all liquids including the mushroom soaking liquids."
"Other than stuffing our faces, watching Adventure Time and dying each other's hair, one of the main points of the trip was to discuss a future project that we have been discussing for a while, but it's a secret! (Unless one of the other girls have mentioned it on their blogs, or you have me on twitter) but here's some preliminary planning!"
"12 FL “Stand Your Ground” Cases Protected People Who Pursued Others"
"Daryl"
"She’d really need something sharp to cut through the snaking tendrils, to ease them away from their anchor points, but perhaps she could just begin by clearing a way through the outermost leaves, pulling away the looser sections of growth. She wasn’t sure how hard to tug, worried that the fence would sway and topple, but gradually she made progress. She tried to ignore the rustling and creaking sounds that seemed to increase as she worked, focusing on the other sounds of the garden, the hum of motorway traffic a couple of miles away, the cawing of a crow from the top of the elms."
"shell = a number of dc or tr worked into one stitch or space similar to cluster (specific directions given per pattern)"
"· Relieves pain"
"However… it appears that temporal lords may not be infallible"
"My first sampling of Red Chair is noted in an entry dated November 22, 2009, wherein I wrote:"
"But my health took a lead role with my back issues and surgery."
"“Oh no…no way…I’m not sharing this feast with you.”"
"But I've been thinking. I'm always thinking..."
"Children do not exist in a separate world of innocence. They live in the same world as everyone else, hearing our comments and conversations. At their youngest, their views are dependent on public discourse and private conversations. When a newscaster reports sexual assault and remarks about the victim’s attire, they remember. When we deride a person’s sexual choices, they hear. When our conversations about sex revolve around danger and forget to mention pleasure, they recognize."
"Paul seems to also be using the text from Leviticus 6:18, that “Whatever touches them shall be holy,” to form this analogy of first fruits. We can see it in his various texts when he refers to the first fruits."
"Rating: 3 out of 5 stars"
"I made this card in about 3 minutes. Literally. Doesn't get better than that. Plus, I used some Paper Smooches stamps. I guess it did get better. :)"
"Hotho reported on a pilot study in which she examined motivation among ab initio students as a dynamic that can change over time. Participants were undergraduates learning German on an institution-wide-language programme. Results showed that although students were motivated to learn German throughout, their motivation decreased over time as they reported finding it progressively difficult. Although this was a small study, the author raised the question as to whether greater encouragement might help learners."
"Related Games:"
"I traced the stencil on to Cardstock paper by placing it on my computer screen and using a pencil. Then, cut out the stencil, and place it on to your canvas. Trace the outline of the stencil with black sharpie."
"Roast Capon ~ use lean veal minced with herbs, spices, and truffles to stuff and reform a capon slathered in butter and roasted over and open fire"
"As I had hoped to resume my posts in this series on Monday the 20th, but was not able to (alas!), I shall do a double dose today, so one more after this…"
"-Jim Webb"
"One reason may be Jewish involvement in communism, particularly in the USSR and Eastern Europe. This Jewish involvement is one of the themes of Yuri Slezkine's book The Jewish Century, a tour de force on the central role played by Jews in the 20th century. (The book's title is somewhat misleading, as the vast majority of its pages are devoted to the experience of Jews in Russia and the USSR.)"
"This is Disability Awareness month and it’s a good time to consider getting a quote on a Disability policy which will supplement your potential meager government Disability payments. If you think you can’t afford a policy, consider the statistics and and ask yourself if you can afford NOT to buy a policy."
"Kazarian is in the back with Christopher Daniels. Daniels informs us it never was what he had holding against Kazarian, but rather what they have holding AJ Styles. They finally have the evidence, and perhaps they will show the world?"
"Overview"
"iti matvā bhajante māṁ"
"Basically, you are executing a package task based on a constraint which is a boolean that is returned from a stored procedure."
"Brahms – Violin Concerto in D major, op.77"
"The machine I want needs to hold 14 cups of flour. This way I can make many loaves of challah at once and freeze the rest of the dough for the next 2 weeks. The way I see it, with a 6 quart bowl I could make bread every 3 weeks."
"Thinking back ........"
"and I am afraid I am not handling it well."
"I had quite an accident last week. Called this friend who I have known for ages now. Recounted this…and in the midst of handling this, hung up after asking a query about where I can get the car repaired. Had I been in this person’s place or had it been a few years back, I would have received a call say half an hour or hour later enquiring if things were alright. Guess what? The person pings me when I log on to a chat module much later in the night….and asks “so did you get the car to the repair shop?!” I lost it and responded saying that the question was way too early to be answered…and this friend just disappeared! I guess I must just be thankful that this friend even bothered to ask me later on at night?!?!"
"Considering the weather and the fact that there were many regional meetings taking place today that simply could not be cancelled at such short notice, it was a superb turnout by people who had to pay to travel in support of their Kinsmen."
"Down to the calm earth seeking peace and quiet."
"And so, as the montage ends, all five dogs once again gather in the long grass. Moon is soaked!"
"El circulo rojo que sacaste del troquelador Itti Bitty"
"I live in Bahrain, where it is common place that if you lose your job, and cannot pay your credit card or loan payments for a couple of months – they will place a travel ban on you. The government then refuses to renew your residency, so when you do get a new job, you cannot get a work permit and you are then left in a catch 22, not allowed to leave the country to earn but not allowed to earn in the country – so how are you supposed to pay your debt. You may think I made this up, but no – I have been in that situation for almost 3 years and am fighting to bring awareness to this ridiculous scenario!"
"And as a side note, my outfits have left a lot to be desired so I haven't posted them lately. I'm going to use the snow day to get together my 30 in 30."
"And then I would go through periods of hardly-any-writing, which I guess is not as bad as no-writing-at-all days. As of yesterday, I hit the big 40K, which means I have the rest of the month to come up with 10K words."
"* 64 square meters floor area + 2 verandas"
"I am on the hunt for some pretty dresses, but am coming up short. I want a cotton jersey, to the knee, straps thick enough to the hide the over the shoulder boulder holder, washable, doesn't need to be ironed dress. And I want to pay less than $40 for it. (I'd like to pay $20, but I'll go up to $40.)"
"You've also got some really clunky writing going on here: If the Romans she lives among for starters."
"Harris’ academic writings suggest a vision of the writing program that might not be what most Duke parents expect when they encounter the requirement in the first-year orientation packet."
"Welcome to another By The Cute and Girly Challenge! Thanks to everyone who joined in with last month challenge. Remember to check back to see if you have won a prize or have been chosen as a guest designer for July."
"Kennington Parish Council chairman Peter Biggs said: “It was a tip before and it is good use of the land to put homes on it."
"Unfortunately, when many people are doing their best to promote understanding, some organisations are engaged in small circles, hindering the country’s opening up policy and progress. For example, a total of 76 Malay non-governmental organisations formed a consultative council, Majlis Perundingan NGO Melayu (MPM), to oppose Najib’s opening-up economic measures. They vowed to defend Malay rights and Islam in the country. In fact, many organisations in the country are narrow-minded."
"Step 3: Place a vibrant green color in the crease and outer v."
"Tokyo Japan"
"I'm doing a quick round up of some projects that are due as well. I miss the beach and warm sand already but my head is now down in design mode as winter approaches. My husband and I also run The Little Vintage Store, our own small store of vintage goods at The Underground Market. We will be running those during the peak seasons, and festivals in Wellington. Meanwhile he just got promoted to management in his firm which is good news in the current economic climes. And I have a couple of online shops to stock with handmade and vintage goods."
"Let me just say this, if you were to return home to your kids at 6:55 AM and your husband was on the phone with Poison Control, there is no way you would react the way that Lauren did. She was calm, cool, and collected. She listened with patience as I told her all that had happened. She only gave me the \"you are an idiot\" eye-roll once. Okay maybe twice. The nurse neighbor showed up a few minutes later and gave me the \"you are an idiot\" eye-roll several times. She checked Jackson's vitals and made us feel better. We observed Jackson for the next two hours and finally relaxed when we knew he was going to be okay."
"i may be back someday, but i have no idea if that will be next week or in five years. i'm really not a planner, so we'll see. i hope everyone has a fantastic holiday and please take care to fill your wells each and every day."
"\"No, really mom, I THINK YOU HAVE ENOUGH!\""
"I have intentionally left the teeth imperfect. I have some plans for the messy spots later though there will be some sanding happening at some point..."
"Kevin says internships are important for persons wanting to break into green jobs, since positions require experts and a company isn’t necessarily willing to hire people with zero experience. ECO Canada offers a variety of internship programs, including one where they will give a company up to $12,000 toward your first-year salary after your internship."
"Q036) If you were to have your first date this spring, what would be the ideal date?"
"Kenneth Branagh and Emma Thompson are always reliably good in theater-driven stuff. Judi Dench directs, but it's a limited, anemic direction, still speaking theater language when it should be speaking movie."
"May 25"
"sort of. i mean, he is, but it's still about a 97/3 split. 97% being the amount of time he prefers to crawl...but he was going at it like a wild man last night....and then, he got so excited he couldn't fall asleep, slept like hell all night long and, well, i've been up since 4am fighting off angry voices in my head and some very scary thoughts that i haven't heard heads nor tails from since i started the crazy pills. not an old friend i missed, i can say that for sure...so i've got some phonecalls to make. right now i just feel like i have sand under my eyelids and that quesy feeling in the pit of my stomach. that feeling born of insufficient sleep and oversufficient stress. he's really, really cute and i sure do love him but holy SHIZZNIT, that kid could use some sleeping lessons."
"Both were born on the same day and I just find so “magical” (for lack of better words) that the two are married and share the same birthday. It really is a nice time in the world!"
"SH hadn't been to Menards in weeks, so he welcomed the chance to make a trip to his mecca, although he is not so keen on them since learning that one of the owners is a complete jerk. Yet he votes with his pocketbook, as do certain \"We hate Wal-Mart but we shop there because they force us to because of the low prices but darit, we are FOR working people unless it's inconvenient for us!\" others who cannot be named here."
"When I opened the door for him to go out this morning, he stood up, promptly fell down, got back up, walked into the table, bumped into the wall, and then stumbled awkwardly out the back door. At one point he even flipped over onto his back and then flipped right back onto his feet again. In what appeared to be a drunken stupor, he trotted down the hill, looking exactly like the Scarecrow in The Wizard of Oz right after he fell off the pole."
"* Color Box Chalk: Lipstick Red & Olive Pastel (to outline the image shape and the patterned paper)"
"If the barbaric manslaughter cross the border into Texas, where the white color finance’s of drug trade have their mansions, the next civil war will be inside America. Because the American population is heavily armed."
"Boris Karloff’s narration finds the perfect balance between the darker and lighter parts of the story and dialogue. He can convey the Grinch’s despair, but he’s also great at expressing the optimism of Whoville and the awakening of the Grinch’s Christmas spirit."
"Serve Him to keep from falling out."
"It has been said that many people live lives of quiet desperation. The idea is that they quietly endure their anxiety, uncertainty, and fears regarding their lives and future. They are desperate to find meaning in their lives but keep their doubts and concerns to themselves and put on a good face to the world so that everyone thinks that they are content, secure, and confident."
"Their father pulled them into him. \"Listen, I can explain this. But let's just go to Fletching, now that Will's strong enough. You'll see your mother. It'll make sense, I promise.\""
"4. The color choices are great. We chose \"Linen\" and I'm really happy with the result. There are lots of other great colors to choose from as well!"
"FYI..."
"Green Chillies - 2"
"Why-people understand more, they haven’t lost their curiosity – curiosity killed the cat – and they are still admitting not to know everything (another interesting topic, when do I have to admit, that I am technologically old? I could master the DVD-s, the mp3-s, the ipods, the smartphones, the several i/samsung-pads, there will be something sometime, what I am just not able to set and master…maybe I have some difficulties to understand the recycling rules in the different countries?..Why?)."
"Also consider this from Ephesians 5:"
"Fairy tales were part of our diet, too. I especially loved our edition of Hans Christian Andersen’s The Swineherd and The Tinder Box, illustrated by Gustav Hjortlund and translated by R.P. Keigwin. We also read poetry, and I took great pride in being able to recite many of the poems in A.A. Milne’s Now We Are Six."
"This MV is well-described the title. They are not cheat, but yes they are finally cheating, and they just can let go each other. That’s the video all about. J.Y. Park is surely a drama king (in a positive way), he surely knows to make this MV so drama."
"Cheddar"
"4. Indiana Hoosiers"
"I really want to unload on this chick for her attitude, but I realize there is obviously something deeper going on here, so I turn on the light and wash my hands."
"When the owner of this Blog, contracted me to build and manage the site, it was not because of my knowledge of the Deaf community, nor my understanding of the struggle of Deaf prisoners."
"But, Ehrenreich notes, “it is not enough, though, to cull the negative people from one’s immediate circle of contacts; information about the larger human world must be carefully censored.”"
"\"Right Down the Line\" by Gerry Rafferty"
"Melissa Gilbert fell and broke her back in 2010 and was walking with a walker. I can't believe how well she moves now and didn't realize someone could recover from a broken back like that. That jive is very physical, and she is really doing well. (Side note: I just love watching Maks move! He's hot standing still, too.) They danced the jive to \"The Dog Days Are Over\" and were great! (24)"
"19 room"
"Necessity might be the mother of invention, but overpriced metal model box sets are the mother of conversion. Here are the Panzerknackers, in all their Bloo-Flame glory."
"Toss in EVOO or Smart Balance Butter"
"I could see Rebecah smiling in agreement and suddenly realized Diane was giving something to me."
"If you and your community are ready to experience healing and wholeness as the body of Christ, I encourage you to throw a healing party. Begin to pray–individually and communally–for God’s healing to come. Wuellner offers this guidance as we enter into communal prayer:"
"The process through which the DSO was dissolved bore all the hallmarks of closed, patronage politics, too. The initial decision to break up the unit was taken by Jacob Zuma and his inner circle. It was then passed as a resolution by approximately 4000 delegates at the ANC's national conference at Polokwane in December last year. After that the ANC in Parliament just went through the legal motions of implementing the Polokwane decision, taken by people who were unelected by, unrepresentative of, and unaccountable to the people of South Africa."
"Gerry"
"670g Butter"
"I am so ready for this new chapter of my life; it’s scary and fun all at the same time. While I have enjoyed the time that I have spent at the gas station and even more so the friends that I have made that will last a life time (at least I hope). It’s time for me to move on to a new place and make new friends and serve people in a different way. Sure I will miss the people I worked with and the people who I was able to meet over the 2 years that I was there, it is time for this change and time to meet these new people. I am also getting ready to take on a heavier load at school something that I have complete confidence in my ability to do after this semester. I have learned a lot about myself in the last few months. If I take the time and apply myself then I can make good grades, heck even great grades, as this semester shows, I have pretty much only A’s. I also have learned that I love to learn, and I feel like it is something that makes the day better and I love to share the things that I have learned with other people. I have made some choices about things I want to do with my life and I have become a stronger person. I am ready for this new time in my life and I am ready to show the world just what this girl is made of."
"Alibaba’s Web-based trading platform, Taobao, is a great example of a product that emerged from deep insights into how customers were underserved and their inability to connect with suppliers, as well as a sophisticated understanding of the Chinese banking system. This dominant marketplace enables thousands of Chinese manufacturers to find and transact with potential customers directly. What looks like a straightforward eBay-like trading platform actually embeds numerous significant innovations to support these transactions, such as an ability to facilitate electronic fund transfers and to account for idiosyncrasies in the national banking system. Taobao wouldn’t have happened without Alibaba’s deep, analytically driven understanding of customers."
"J.S. Bach lived from 1685 – 1750. During his lifetime, he was most famous as a church organist, but today, we revere him practically as the “patron saint” of classical music. Most other famous composers – Beethoven being the most significant one – came after him and were influenced by his music. A few years after Bach heard a famous organist playing, he decided that his purpose in life was to create “well regulated church music to the glory of God.”"
"That's the Brew Dog public relations ethos. They've applied time, money and effort into making themselves 'be' the most irritating child in your class, the one who nobody ever dared to tell to 'shut up.'"
"\"Many children nowadays can happily watch bloodcurdling scenes on TV, yet would scream with horror if one of my favorite childhood dishes, roast stuffed heart, was put on the table for dinner! This makes a substantial and delicious supper.\" So step out of the box on a weekday night and make a roasted and stuffed beef heart. You might be strangely surprised at just how delicious it is. Join in helping to bring back centuries of cooking tradition that have been lost in this modern world."
"I had the privilege of keeping company with a wonderful man, who taught me his brilliant philosophy of life, for many, many years. He reminded me of Confucius, and would smile at me with a mysterious twinkle in his eye, whenever I would mention it."
"By the mid-17th century European whores had largely figured out the visible signs of contagion, but unfortunately both syphilis and gonorrhea can sometimes be transmitted by asymptomatic individuals and so even though the rate of infection among better-informed prostitutes was lower than among other promiscuous individuals (such as members of the upper classes), it was still higher than among the less-promiscuous middle classes, giving rise to the bourgeois notion of prostitutes as carriers of disease. By the early 19th century all but the least fortunate streetwalkers were scrupulous about examining customers; in French brothels the madam herself generally performed the check before allowing a client access to any of her staff, and in English and American establishments the whores were quite as careful as modern girls, lacking only latex condoms as the final precaution. As one customer of a Storyville brothel (quoted in Whores in History) wrote, “She approached and seized my genital organ in such a way as to determine whether or not I had the gonorrhea. She did this particular operation with more knowledge and skill than she did anything else before or after.” But despite such published accounts and the research of medical doctors like William Acton (who despite his moral opposition to prostitution pointed out that whores were consistently healthier than other working-class women due to their precautions and relative affluence), the myth of the “diseased whore” grew and in 1864 the English Parliament passed the first of several Contagious Disease Acts, which were rationalized as measures to root out venereal disease in the armed forces but were actually nothing more than anti-prostitution laws."
"lifestyle. One time when the Nutrisystem commercial was on, she said, \"When I go on a diet, I'm going to go on that one, because you can eat chocolate.\" When she goes on a diet?? It's a hard time to grow up now. I pray for her self-image. I pray specifically that she will learn to eat healthily, neither to excess nor starvation. I pray that she will see herself as loved and created by God, who doesn't make mistakes."
"about? The initial good cheer just after arrests and mass decloakings"
"A most known stat from the World Health Organization: We have a 1 in 10 million chance of dying in a plan crash and a 1 in 300 chance of dying from a medical error in a hospital. A must read book by Joe and Teresa Graedons, “Top Screwups Doctors Make & How To Avoid Them”, gives you tips for stopping hospital blunders."
"would normally approve spendings above 50 million naira .In order to"
"The IPKat -- an enthusiastic trade mark academic and long-term International Trademark Association (INTA) devotee -- has just been perusing the Call For Participants: Second Annual INTA Trademark Scholarship Symposium. This reads as follows, in relevant part:"
"I wrote about my honeymoon photo book here, you can see some of the page layouts. But this time, I wanted to show you what a good job My Publisher does. They have a hotline in case you need it, and they have great customer service (but I have never had to use it because everything turned out great.) They even have a mailing list and often send out discount codes."
"Measure it roundly."
"I am copying this awesome post from ODB for my own tracking as well as to help any of you that would like to have the info. I hope I win some stamps! I love their stamps!!"
"worse, I just think it is healthy if I move on with my life and they"
"I did add to my Hugelkultur bed today, already laying down the brush, limbs, greens, scrap from the yard, moved some logs on top, getting ready to harvest some moss, then last the topsoil and planting. This is a work in progress that I will share as it evolves."
"05 Cold Blooded Old Times 06:06"
"Told by diary entries, newspaper articles, and letters, the novel gets going a little slowly, but eventually enthralls. Kingsolver does a great job of creating colorful and believable characters from the lives of real, historic people, something that is not simple, and completely involves readers in the events of their lives."
"The review copy was kindly sent by the author, Susan Katz, and her publishers, Barefoot Books. If you make a purchase using the Amazon links on this site, a small portion goes to Great Kid Books (at no cost to you!). Thank you for your support."
"It has recently been revealed, that a secret unit of the Australian military’s elite Special Air Service (SAS) have been deployed on “dozens” of illegal spying operations inside a number of African countries over the past year. The missions, including in Zimbabwe, Kenya and Nigeria, have been “assessing border controls, exploring landing sites for possible military interventions and possible escape routes for the evacuation of Australian nationals and military assessments of local politics and security.”"
"the journey that forms the heart"
"Movements are really messy and what you see on the internet, television, and public statements is only one thin layer of what's really going on. What is the #occupy movement and how will it matter in the short and long terms?"
"Sticking with the iconography, I went with the Creative Commons logo (and for BoingBoing readers, it's bleached, not shaved). I'm not getting paid for it, I'm just a big fan of their work moving beyond the restrictive, anachronistic, and self-defeating standard way of handling copyright. When people ask me about this thing on the back of my head, I'll be handing them a slip of paper that says:"
"As healing seems to be high on the agenda at the moment here is a little bit about healing herbs and plants..I am not an expert, so this list is by no means complete and comprehensive..its just a guide to help you understand this subject a bit better."
"Now I’m going to subscribe to Maureen Johnson’s manifesto. I’m NOT a brand. If I wanted to be locked inside a box, I’d have queried traditional publishers. No, thanks, I’m proud to be indie, prolific and almost unbrandable. If I ever go to a convention and end up on some panel (yikes! *runs to hide in her writing cave*), I’ll just be myself. I might fail to sell books to masses, but I’m sure I’ll find my true fans."
"and free of any eden we can name"
"The Prisoner of Zenda (US…John Cromwell, George Cukor, W.S.Van Dyke II)"
"P.S. Have a good weekend! We're celebrating my dads birthday tomorrow. :)"
"“You will not give up on me”"
"Heat olive oil in a large skillet under medium high heat until hot. Add bell peppers and onions. Cook until starting to soften, about 5 minutes. Add garam masala and stir until fragrant, about 1 minute. Season with salt, cayenne pepper, and lemon juice. Add lentil mixture and chicken stock. Bring to a slow boil and simmer for about 10 mins."
"Unresolved blast from the past"
"Other than Deepak’s controversial background, which involves murdered Mongolian translator Altantuya Shaariibuu, the transaction is eye-catching because Envair shareholder Jiang Chuan Yi sold his entire 6.75% stake in the firm less than a month after acquiring it on Nov 1."
"We now offer St Louis, Mt Vernon, Evansville, Poplar Bluff, Cape Girardeau, Marion, Paducah, Hopkinsville, and Dyersburg Interactive City Radars. We also have the two regional radars and now offer you three GR Earth radars."
"then flanked right"
"Of course I agreed to the offer."
"Cosmic Stars drape their bodies like a Mystic-cloak of the Eternal..."
"Julianna Barwick's 2011 album The Magic Place was one of my favourite releases of the year so I had high hopes for the gig, and wasn't disappointed. Since it is mostly just Julianna's vocals, it was not a loud performance, and you can clearly hear clinking glasses and coughs. But it was a (kinda disappointingly) small and quiet audience and the recording turned out well."
"3) Transfer to a lined round tin, then bake for about 25-30 minutes until golden and set. Allow to cool before cutting into 8-10 triangles."
"In the midst of disaster, free us from all despondency and sinful anger,"
"It only takes five minutes to make a bed. Five minutes goes a long way to making your family appreciate you. If your children are old enough, ensure that they make their own beds before school. Caring for the house is a great habit for all kids to get into."
"What happens when the fire of God falls?"
"It’s been exactly two years since I started this blog and the difference it has made to my life has been remarkable. Not the writing part; I’ve always done that. Even when I wasn’t writing for publication, I was wittering away on internet forums or clogging up Facebook with my rantings. No, it’s the inspiration. It’s like being in love. You know, the butterflies-in-the-tummy feeling you get that makes you feel like you’ll just burst if you don’t shout it from the rooftops – that’s how I feel when I hear a great song. It goes far beyond just transforming my mood or giving me an idea. The word “inspiration” is related to breathing, and that’s how essential and natural this process is. I might have a conscious discipline to blog every day, but that just facilitates my discovery of these wonderful tunes – the words that appear on the screen are just a manifestation, a by-product of the process. If I couldn’t write, I’d just have to speak about it, and if I couldn’t speak I’d grunt and gibber. I’d point. I’d take you by the hand and drag you over to the record player. This. Hear it. Now."
"Thankfully, our hot shooting continued out of the halftime break. Not 4 minutes went by and we had already strung together a 12-4 run, thanks to points by all-5 starters! The back-to-back scoring-fest returned with Manu now in the lineup. Our growing advantage at the free throw line was starting to pay off, as we would close out"
"News that the 2/3rd's of a pint measure is to be legalised in the UK leapt into the limelight this week & has had mixed receptions in various quarters. Speaking with a beer lovers hat on I have to say this news is most welcome, the way beer is served in the UK is getting a lot of 'airtime' in the beer world at the minute & this news will refocus the debate yet again."
"The problem the Prime Minister faces in this instance is that there is barely a British citizen left who believes his account of the relationship he enjoyed with Newscorp and its senior executives. He refused to give a straight answer to the ‘Christmas lunch’ questions…and his reluctance is now explained in the worst possible way. He refused to damn Andy Coulson…and is now seen to have defended the indefensible. He blithely suggests that he and Rebekah Brooks were not close….omitting to mention that he and Mrs Cameron once left their late son on a beach in the sole care of that woman. He insists that there was no ‘quid pro quo’ between Newscorp support for the Conservative Party in 201o….but is then discovered to have discussed that support with James Murdoch, to have fired Vince Cable for his opinion about Murdoch (now entirely vindicated); to have replaced him with a man whose own website hailed Rupert Murdoch as a genius; but when that replacement’s impropriety comes to light, he defends him to the hilt…rather than firing him."
"Guess what?! Our adoption story was just featured in Docica magazine! I was pretty excited when I was asked about being included in this month's issue (I mean, it's a magazine!), but I was even more excited when the issue published and I got to read it. The article about us and our adoption story was great, but I'm here to tell you about a few more bits of goodnesss. I'd never heard of Docica. Have you? They describe themelves as a 'simple living magazine about real beauty'. You've got to check them out. They talk about fashion, home decor, recipes, and features on beautiful real women. This month is the adoption issue and there are some great articles. There's even an article about Give1Save1 (the site that we were blessed to be a part of that encourages people to give $1 each week to an adopting family), so check that out! (they're on pg. 57-58)"
"But head out onto the trails, and find a place where you can only hear the natural world and you've got a great stress reliever, both from the exercise it takes to get there, and the peaceful noise of life in the woods."
"keyword: BLD, Lori Boyd so we can easily find your design."
"riding veins, that run"
"While I was at the nursery I'm afraid I didn't stop at just buying a couple of bags of mulch. I couldn't resist picking up just a couple more little plants to add to one of the rock garden sections of the driveway garden that I've been working so hard on lately. It was only a few little babies, and so necessary to fill in some empty spots!!!! Sounds good doesn't it?"
"At Favor Central we offer many different custom personalized wedding favors that come in many different wedding themes and favor types. We have a personalized wedding favor for any wedding and any season of the year. If you are having a winter wedding we have winter holiday personalized wedding favors that come in all different varieties such as seed packets, candy jars, glass jars and much more. We also offer customizable fall, beach, elite designers, and many other types of themes for your wedding day. Here at favor central we understand the every detail is of the utmost importance and are proud to take part in your special day by offering you the best quality favors for your special day at an affordable price."
"9. No, fish don’t take baths. Why do you ask?"
"Last Monday Betsy and I took a trip to the Smokies — a place we like to visit several times a year. We decided to drive the Roaring Fork Motor Trail behind Gatlinburg since it had been several years since we had driven that road."
"Troy: Yes, and boys get hooked on pornography easily. Usually, what happens is, a boy finds his dad’s collection of magazines or videos. The problem with guys is that we don’t have to have a lot of product to get hooked on it. We are visual. When we see provocative or sensual images, there is a certain chemical that is released into our minds. Eventually, it takes more and more stimulation to create the secretion of that hormone, so we move on to harder and harder things."
"to narrow down my style to eclectic modern which includes some traditional pieces."
"I do not respond kindly to being thrown to the sidelines.He,of all, should know."
"Azealia Banks feat Lazy Jay – 212"
"Today we went to the river bed and worked pretty hard. She was walking and galloping uphill, backing up hill, and leg yielding up & down hill. We also worked on canter to walk going down hill. That was on a gradual grade, not anything ridiculously steep for obvious reasons. We did trot/halt down hill too. We also did leg yields while trotting uphill. We found a big u shaped spot with an up and downhill to canter too. It worked great that she had to sprint up hill then rebalance and canter downhill. And THAT is what you call a conditioning workout. A lot of strength building today."
"“I’ve heard too many churches say that they are not reaching people because they are too busy making disciples. A few things to consider here…"
"four medals"
"McLarens 2011 solution is to provide a dedicated feed for each of the different cooling requirements. The engines main coolers reside within the sidepod, fed by the “L” shaped inlets. These vent partly through the rear of the sidepod and partly through the bulge in the tail of the upper engine cover. Equally the engines induction system if fed by the snorkel formed by the roll hoop, which leads into the airbox above the engine."
"In other news...do you ever make one of those What was I thinking purchases on eBay (or elsewhere) and literally, two seconds after clicking \"Commit to Buy\" you're wondering what possessed you? That happened to me late last week and the result arrived in the mail yesterday."
"…until I watched the video the next day."
"5. In Greek poetry, the lily stood for tenderness, and there is a Greek myth that tells us how the lily was born from the milk of the goddess Hera."
"Team Nanyang ALL THE WAYY WHOOOOO! 2012 has been an eventful year for Nanyang OM! less-than-three to you all!"
"Here's my take on this. Human nature being what it is, the third sector contains some unscrupulous people wishing to exaggerate the scale of homelessness in Swansea (and Wales, generally) in order to, a) guarantee their own positions and salaries and, b) make political points about 'wicked, uncaring capitalism'. Before anyone accuses me of right wing bias, just remember this: most of the third sector in Wales - outfits like AWEMA - must justify their existence and their funding by identifying and stressing a 'problem'. The bigger that 'problem' can be made to appear then the more funding can be claimed. This is an incontrovertible fact."
"How Original is Original?"
"This week marks two years since of the passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and if the Obama administration has chosen to all but ignore the second anniversary of Obamacare, the rest of us should pause and reflect on just what a monumental failure of policy the health-care-reform law has been."
"21. Gavin Bryars - My First Hommage"
"When I entered the store, the 4 tables of the bakeshop are full of Thai families which is a good start for the newly opened store (I think they opened only beginning of this month). Some spaces of the mall hasn’t opened yet."
"That’s why you shouldn’t take yourself too seriously. You’ll never be satisfied if you do, because disputes really don’t matter that much. We’re all going to die in the end."
"About Allison Vesterfelt: Allison is the Editor-in-Chief of Prodigal Magazine, who believes that there’s more to life than meets the eye and she’s not afraid to prove it. She’s passionate about helping people to tell, hear and understand stories that inspire, uplift, encourage, and even convict by pointing to the truth of Jesus. She lives in West Palm Beach, Florida with her husband Darrell."
"-dreads"
"I simply, as per usual, hear the words in my head as my eyes focus on a spot within the mirror. Later, and I will type those words out. Maybe in the morning they will make no sense at all, and nobody else will see them? Who cares – I’ve did my bit?"
"I couldn't count the taps which jut out of every spare inch of the back wall of the curved bar area, but let's just say there are probably as many taps as there are states in the Union. (Okay, maybe a bit less, but there are plenty!)"
"As for the government’s involvement or investment into these holy corporations, I have not researched this yet. But obviously the political influence is there, and that should raise any honest and righteous mans brow."
"I still think all the women who say they love being pregnant should be arrested for crack usage, but I guess I can somewhat understand the sentiment behind their words."
"170And breathes a browner horror on the woods."
"I have removed all 765 posts and please dont worry that I might infect you---I have disinfected my keyboard and I am wearing rubber gloves to type"
"Historians have made quite a bit of noise (noisy in so much as anyone reads history at all) about the relatively recent provenance of our modern notions of romantic love. Shirley knows the intricacies of those arguments without having to have go the circuitous route of a PhD - by meticulously close attention to the truly \"popular culture\" of her own people. The selections of this record are all love songs, many of them so robust with stark tragedy as to make most radio-friendly `sad` love songs (even those ones you like) sound positively silly. Shirley provides paragraphs on each song on the record in the notes; there is nothing capricious here, everything was chosen with deliberation. I was about to write more of my own reflections on the tracks here when I looked again at the album and read again the liner notes written by Shirley herself for the original back cover of the LP, thankfully reproduced fully by reissue label Fledg'ling Records. Rather than give my own hackneyed plagiarism, I figured it would better serve Shirley's honor by reproducing her own words below. It is obvious that on top of her stunning musicianship she also possesses a penetrating mind and ability to contextualize her work in a very sophisticated way. So, I will leave the rest to her, other than pointing out that a few of my absolute favorites on this particular album are \"The Unquiet Grave,\" \"Lady Margaret and Sweet William\" from where she took the album's title\" and the incomparable \"Polly Vaughn.\" The album also features Robin Williamson from the ISB on one tune, incidentally."
"Machine washable and dryer safe"
"Trust me, college is not only about studying and getting good grades…there is a lot more that happens in the 4 years you’ll never forget."
"“Prudent.” He said. “It’s what I would’ve done.”"
"Sundown ya better take care"
"Rub n' Buff adds the perfect metallic shine, and I sprayed the whole thing down with clear sealer for a lacquered look. The clay is ideal because it allows for more flexibility in creating the shape...and more specifically, creating a pointed tip."
"*All Tolkien aficionados know that the sun is feminine, and the moon masculine."
"When the Spirit told Nephi to kill Laban the second time, Nephi remembered that Laban had tried to kill him and his brothers, had stolen their goods, and was in all contexts a wicked and oppressive man. This was enough to legally justify killing the Laban of the past, but Nephi still refused to strike a blow that in cutting against the past, would also cut into the future."
"Thankfully our weather warmed up over the weekend so it will be pleasant outside to watch the game, we actually had a couple games and practice cancelled because of the thunderstorms we were experiencing last week."
"After some time out of the media light, \"Nyla\" is now heard on Radio One talk/brokered WERE/1490 Cleveland Heights \"NewsTalk 1490\" Sunday evenings from 6-10 PM, on a program the station's schedule calls \"Healing The Hurt Gospel With Miss Nyla And Daniel\"."
"How far can you stretch this beer matching however. Awhile back i talked about matching beer with reading, you can also do this with tv and many advertising company pay to try and make you do this."
"I am working on my husband's family - heritage type album, so don't expect a lot of out of me over the next couple of weeks. We also have a graduation and a birthday and a vacation. I may pop in with a random story or two but you punch art fans better look elsewhere because the Fairy is still MIA."
"If Sam owns a store and Sally is unemployed there is NO LAW stating that Sally can not do an “Act” of kindness and thru that act of kindness Sam can not gift to Sally something that she may need or want etc… You see Chelas there is NO TAXATION to Sam nor to Sally in this form of movement! As there are More and More “Acts” in this form of movement, you lesson the grips of the VERY things that you Initially set out to change, only in another way a different movement….that by the way Chelas CAN NOT be seen nor felt as a Challenge or a Combat move for those ones to take up “Arms or Shields” against! You also EMPOWER yourselves an combine that power with others as you move forward in your paths of helping others along the way. This is a DIVINE re-sewing of the torn tapestries of seperations and divisions that have rifted throughout times gone by. This will END poverty, END strifes, Controls, Judgements and the list goes on. Remember as Times change People and ALL things change, this is the Growth. I AM only re-iterating what your soul already knows and contains in its PURE FORM."
"There's been several recent self-defense shootings around the country, most notably the one in Florida, that have reminded me of a discussion I typically have at the end of teaching an NRA Basic Pistol Course/Ohio CCW course. Many of my students have a lot of questions about carrying a concealed weapon, anticipating their soon to be Ohio License to Carry a Concealed Hangun... or CCW permit as many folks call it."
"The siege of Baler is among my favorite subject in Filipino historiography. The town was the last bastion of the Spanish empire. But the siege, I think, was important for us Filipinos because the incident exemplified that we were more civilized than the Americans gives us credit for. Aguinaldo’s safe conduct pass for the cazadores, ensuring that the Spaniards are treated like “amigos” and not enemies, speaks great volume of the character of the Filipino leadership. The young president’s executive order became the basis of Ed Angara’s Philippine Spanish Friendship Day."
"Also, be sure to check back tomorrow for my first Guest Designer post for Avocado Arts!"
"The podiatrist told us two things."
"GO CANADA GO!!!"
"Happy 4th of July!! Besides celebrating our independence from the English, today is also my grandpa's birthday. Every year my family gets together for his birthday with BBQ and all. After that, my man and I are going to a party at a friends house to celebrate more and watch the fireworks. And just after celebrating our country's independence from England I'm going to get even more excited about the British Royal Couple's arrival in Los Angeles. Ironic right?"
"Me: Make her a Hogwart's dessert."
"My next stop was the American Philosophical Society, for obvious reason. (I’m a philosophy graduate.) Founded by Benjamin Franklin, over many years it had attracted some of America’s finest minds. It has also taken in many foreign intellectuals, Charles Darwin has even been a member and in the small gallery open to tourists there was an invitation to his funeral."
"How can you tell which end might be better to spin from? Without spinning, run your fingers gently along the surface of the roving in each direction; one should feel smoother than the other – start from the end you started the rub, in the smoother direction."
"“Woe unto them! for they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran greedily after the error of Balaam for reward, and perished in the gainsaying of Core.” Jude 11"
"I OFFICIALLY hate snow."
"There is a catch: you cannot insist on a perfect solution. See if you can spend half of what you normally would and get an 85% solution. And pay attention to the extras you get with the imperfect solution."
"I'd like to thank my partner Kim for the great stash, I loved working w/ these buttons. Another big thanks to Cindy for putting this swap together! Here's the list , enjoy!"
"One day I had dreamed up so many different ideas that I couldn’t stand by and not do anything about it. So I in 2011 I put the wheels in motion to start my own boutique with a spin. I already knew the way I would do business would be in the homes of fashionable women in a party atmosphere, but the tough part was coming up with a name. A name is everything for a company."
"But the game was given away by an article ‘Vital’ new Chair for students’ in the pro-Zionist Jewish Chronicle. One of those providing the finance, publisher Lord Weidenfeld didn’t beat about the bush. The new chair wasn’t about promoting research and understanding etc., perish the thought. No it was ‘vital in the fight against anti-Zionism and antisemitism’. And we all know what Weidenfeld and company mean by ‘anti-Semitism’ – it’s not anti-Jewish hatred but support for the Palestinians and opposition to Zionism."
"I’m not saying I’m better than them. I’m not even asking for a thank you. I’m just saying that welfare recipients should spend my tax dollars more wisely. I’m saying that the government needs to regulate food stamps and other forms of welfare better."
"Is your husband working overtime or looking for a job?"
"When I first started my studies here, unlike some of my colleagues I was thrilled to do coursework. It had been so long since I had been enrolled as a student and I began my studies conscious of how much I want and need to learn. And I was tired of setting my own syllabus. Thinking about this stage of my journey, past coursework, when I would write my own exam questions and set my own course of study to prepare for exams, was terrifying."
"Teach your kids to be responsible: chores are good for a child. Turn on the music, give them a dustcloth,and see how much work you can do together in 15 minutes. Many hands make light work, but learning to do things on their own teaches them character also. Even young children can learn to gather the trash."
"- For anonymous (preferably none), leave your email address and where you're located at"
"when you are gone."
"Are you clicking these shots so as to get a better look at the art? Ya, I was too. The blue painting above the door is painted by Albert Mertz. The large is by Knud Agger. You can also, see the unfinished art work of Svend Wiig Hansen in the ceiling in the image above (to the right. It sort of looks like water damage from this shot). Which he did using nails while, reportedly, Mogensen lay on the floor eating cake and keeping him company."
"Have you ever heard tree branches swish your windows at night….."
"There’s really no way to reach me."
"it keeps in what’s in and it keeps out what’s out"
"There will be more updates to come, wish me luck!"
"MR. STEWART: Again, I don't -- I don't think it would be a bold step to say that machine-or-transformation is the test. That is, we have gone for --"
"Kei Chi (Lycium Berries), 2 tablespoons"
"(Okay, here it goes.)"
"6.) \"Astronauts\" from The Upright Citizens Brigade (1998)"
"I mean, take the world outstanding. I mean, \"stand out\" is in the word. So, standing out, not fitting in, is outstanding!"
"Alternative universes may be separated from ours by a miniscule spacial distance, although in one of a possible seven other dimensions than the three we are used to as a result of quantum splits."
"Lake View and Pipeline: There are several good vantage points on the main lake, but none more inviting than the one at the 2.15-mile mark. There are two green Adirondack chairs there that make for a relaxing place to take a break or to eat your lunch. Shortly after you pass this place, you will come across the pipeline that traverses the lake. Up close, the pipe and supporting infrastructure appear much more massive than they do from a distance."
"* I had everyone in the class find a buddy. They put a marshmallow on their tongues and tried to say something the other person could understand."
"027.022 YUSUFALI: But the Hoopoe tarried not far: he (came up and) said: \"I have compassed (territory) which thou hast not compassed, and I have come to thee from Saba with tidings true."
"Well, I'm off to clean up my craft space since it's a mess after working on my projects for this fun hop! Have a wonderful week everyone and I hope to have a project or two to share very soon! Until next time, take care!"
"A perfect chance to try out something that has been on your mind."
"Tickets begin at $200 for individuals with opportunities for exclusive corporate packages. Guests will enjoy silent and live auctions, original art exhibits by Guy Harvey and local artist Tom Ackley, and dinner by Chuck Jaloski, executive chef of Stonewood Grill. Master of ceremonies is Brady Ackerman, host of the Gator Sports Network and a former University of Florida SEC Champion running back."
"I grabbed the new Better Homes and Gardens Sew Scrappy magazine, a layer cake and background fabric of Count Down to Christmas by Sweetwater for Moda. Need it for some of my Christmas giftees! :-)"
"Or maybe it’s all just that I have no heart."
"Jesus has chosen us, appointed us, to be His body – to represent Him here on earth, to do His will, to reach out in love, to be shepherds, to defeat the enemy. The significance of the staff cannot be over-emphasized."
"I am in the middle of chapter three of my romance novel, A Montana Chance. So far there is a fair amount of dialogue. I am fighting my internal editor who wants to go back and rework what is already done. So my pledge for this month is to just write the story, let the characters talk and get it down in print. There is plenty of time later to edit...honest."
"This is a hard one! It's like making me choose between my children! I think for me, my favourite is also the one that means the most to me and speaks most strongly to me. That would be the Imagination Rules the World design. I think everyone can be imaginative and be creative, it's just about unlocking it and getting out of your mind! Art and design is such a subjective thing, and whenever people say to me \"I can't draw\" or \"I wish I could draw\" I just say to them \"rubbish! anyone can draw!\" because I genuinely believe that anyone can produce art. For me art is a physical expression of whats in a persons mind, and if you can put pen to paper (or any other medium, sculpture, model etc) and create something that is unique and has meaning to the artist then that to me is art, no matter how \"wrong\" or \"bad\" it looks."
"They tried to mend me there."
"I don't leave food out, and the litter box is scooped. And over time, things have gotten better, bit by bit. There's a whole other post about having the boys clean with me, and why my house is the way it is - but that's a whole other post."
"An advanced slant on this is for not even the parents to know. The person who has scanned the baby lets the cake shop know what sex it's going to be, and the cake is then made, and the parents don't find out until the cake is cut."
"4) Humour- When I’ve been strung out with too many to do lists for the wedding, the one person other than my mum, who has managed to make me laugh in hysterics or merely crack a smile after a rotten day has been the H2B. It’s not just the stomach lining that makes our hearts heal, it’s those laugh-out-loud moments too."
"Add the mushrooms and pepper, toss thoroughly and let continue to saute, watching that it does not brown."
"On a related note, if a minor child is traveling with just one parent, the other parent will need to provide a notarized letter authorizing the child to leave the country. This can be important if your spouse and kids are planning to join you in, say, Paris, after you finish your business trip."
"Grand Champion went to “Nature at Its Best” by Tina Hale of WesBanco Bank. Tina decoupaged images from the Vinton County Visitors’ Guide on the turkey. She will receive the $400 grand prize and her turkey will be used as the model for large fiberglass turkey that will be placed on the street."
"Of course, the debit card is comparing the original wheel to a modern automobile – it’s still used everywhere, but the lengths to which we’ve stretched such technology is going to be what makes up our future. While many consumers hate the idea that it’s the major companies that have pioneered and mainstreamed such capabilities, I am far more in favour. MasterCard, Visa and Interac – these are the three majors that have owned the cashless consumer market; however in my eyes, the shape of things to come can be credited to PayPal. Obviously this has been a great idea from the start – a way of buying online without sharing credit card information – but they’ve evolved even further beyond buyer protection. Being able to pay directly from your bank account and sending money to anyone who’s on the internet is great, but then there’s this:"
"It is a fact, which no one will deny, that the crime of rape was substantially unknown during the period of slavery, and was hardly known during the first years of freedom: it is the fatal product of new conditions. Twenty-five years ago women in the South went unattended, with no more fear of attack than they have in New England. To-day, no woman in the South goes alone upon the highway out of sight of white men, except on necessity, and no man leaves his women alone in his house if he can help it. Over 500 white women and children have been assaulted in the South by Negroes within that time. (T.N. Page, 1904)"
"I love sharing goodies with my friends and readers!"
"I took off the top sheet and the comforter, and just put the blankets from his crib with him. He is SUCH a crazy sleeper that I didn't want to have to worry about him getting tangled in blankets in a not-so-familiar room. We did bath time, played, picked up toys, and then I rocked him just like I always do. And I rocked him. And I rocked him. I was SO nervous. Brandon looked at me like \"are you ever going to put him to bed?\""
"Work hands on with producers creating a variety of graphics for use on-air, online, at events and more."
"I hope you all have had a great weekend!"
"Anwaar: Azlah has made us. Azlah created us. Azlah does not make mistakes when he creates beings. We must have been created for a purpose and that purpose is to share the same dignity that is given to men."
"The Coup has been met with opposition from civilians inside the country. Organisations such as the UN have also been calling for a return of power to the democratically elected leader. The CNRDR on the other hand do have some support. Pro-junta demonstrations were held yesterday throughout the streets of Bamako in support of the ousting of President Toure. What will happen next seems unclear."
"Wash vegetables and fruit in a bowl rather than under a running tap, then use the leftover water for watering house plants."
"He reached the engineering deck while whistling a difficult arpeggio pattern he had perfected in his seven years in space. Perusing the console for issues, he practiced alternating notes in octaves. After verifying all lights were green, the captain headed for the life support systems."
"The same year, ‘Gaia hypothesis’ creator James Lovelock asserted that “democracy must be put on hold” to combat global warming and that “a few people with authority” should be allowed to run the planet because people were too stupid to be allowed to steer their own destinies."
"(18) John McCloskey, Coadjutor of New York"
"This is March's class which is now open for booking. This month we will be making a paper bag album using the Tickets and Tags Simply Scrapping Kit. It's a fantastic album, if I do say so myself (!) with loads of mats for photos and journalling and 15 pull out tags and cards for additional bits and pieces. There's also plenty of room to keep mementoes of special days."
"Today I received a parcel. It was delivered to my doorstep. I was so excited as I had entered the \"It's a Total Surprise\" RABCK in bookcrossing and thought it would be ages before I received my parcel. Imagine my delight on opening it to find a bevy of gifts from \"grovalskii\", my bookcrossing partner in this RABCK."
"Nutty and silky on the palate, low in salt with a warm, gentle finish"
"45 seconds!"
"but now... we can meet sometimes like this... with smiles~~~"
"She is not unattractive by any means but judging from the pictures, patting herself on the back for being “too pretty” stretches her credibility a bit. I can see random men offering champagne to Chi-ling Lin, but to Samantha Brick? Sorry, but no. Come on, Samantha, who do you think you are fooling?"
"Some piano jazz, seduced with some trumpet, echoed throughout the small apartment."
"Through the show Aamir has brought the issue in front of the public and has promised to write a letter to the Rajasthan Court, pleading them to constitute fast-track courts and the cases should be brought in the limelight and be resolved as soon as possible. Aamir, has also seeked public support which can be expressed via sms or feedback on their web portal www.satyamevjayate.in"
"Not really my cup of tea."
"G. B. S.- The Whittaker’s Ghost"
"So yes, my Aussie online friend and I do love each other, after countless conversations we’ve shared during the last 10 years via online chat and also on the phone. But most of all, we love to make each other laugh. What follows is just the most recent example."
"“…I found a picture of you in a book…and you wrote on the back of it…remember?”"
"Certainly, the threats are out there, but there are simple steps that you can take to avoid some of the germs that are prevalent in the gyms. The first up should be common sense in that you wash your gym clothes after each workout. The days of the filthy socks, stinky sweatshirts, and dirty gym shoes are long past. These are simply an invitation for health problems to pop up in your life."
"Personally, the question in my mind was, “How do you forgive someone who can’t seem to stop hurting you.” And the answer I came up with, was: Compassion. It was the only thing that fit. Thanks to the grace of an angel, and in this instance I do believe I am speaking metaphorically about a very beautiful person who has inspired me every time I have tried to look in her direction, lately I’ve been reading a book about the Dhali Lama’s approach to living happily. As a result, thankfully, thoughts of compassion have recently been readily available at the forefront of my brain. And after spending some time flirting with the notion of trying to forgive someone, internally, who seems incapable of not harming others by his actions, myself included, revisiting the notion of forgiveness I was delighted to find that compassion seemed a likely key to unlocking an otherwise impossible problem."
"I'm using the same vintage peach rayon satin that I used for my corset, and I'm also adding another lace overlay to the top half of my bra cups. Like I did with the corset, I have cut out lace pieces and basted them to my two outer upper bra pieces."
"I’d mention every other day, no matter how short sighted I was or how two dimensional it seemed."
"I'm not really into 'scary' movies. I did, however, want to see this one for the selfish reason of ogling David Tennant in leather. I couldn't find anyone to go with me, and when I passed the cinema on my way home from shopping it started to rain and I mean rain. It was a sign. I went in and watched it by myself, and ended up really enjoying it. Anton Yelchin is so adorable, and a good actor. The story was predictable, but tolerable and the comic relief actually had me laughing out loud at times."
"I haven't been clothes shopping with Austin in a long time. I usually just pick up jeans and bring them home for him while I'm out shopping. Now I remember why."
"The bar at Uncle Buck's is upstairs and was nicely appointed. The restaurant was dark, but there was plenty of light at the bar. Between Satan's friend and I, we sampled pretty much oneall the brewery had to offer. The saison tasted of butterscotch and I could only get one sip down. I ordered a pint of the IPA, and it was good. Until it warmed up and I could taste the butterscotch. So much for that pint."
"In ILLEGAL, Lindy is being groomed by her cousin to become his drugs courier. She is terrified of ending up in prison like her two brothers. But there is no-one in her family to turn to. She teams up with a boy from school, Karl, who is mute after a trauma two years earlier. Although Lindy mocks Karl at first for not speaking, she actually prefers his silent world. Karl helps Lindy to find a way to report Colin to the police without revealing themselves."
"NEVER GET COCKY."
"Speaking of - Bachelorette - did anyone guess she would pick Jesse???? I totally did not, but I guess opposites attract?? What did you think?"
"Out on third-anniversary date night, assessing our relationship, Stone and I concluded that basically we had being doing great and that there really wasn’t much we could change. We were doing our best and things would get better once both of us simultaneously got a full nights sleep. I proposed a toast: Here’s to not needing to improve!"
"Found out we are having a GIRL!"
"There is also another antique Queensland Hospital bed on eBay at the moment. This one is very Florence Nightingale style. I can see it in an old rambling Queenslander with high ceilings and whitewashed floors. I'd be tempted by this one as well if we were in the market for beds."
"There are lots of signs of an anti-social-computing culture. The tendency to run everything by the lawyers. Endless rounds of revisions with final approval by top executives. A prohibition of social media site usage while at work. Blocking YouTube. Some of these tendencies can be overcome, and some might be enough to indicate problems with social computing acceptance. If your general organizational culture emphasizes tightly controlling the message, you’re not likely to succeed with social media."
"Tanning beds are a terrific way to stay looking good and with a little care combined with following these tanning bed tips you should enjoy a great looking tan without any problems."
"We had an appointment with the oncologist immediately afterward. He was going to go over the preliminary results with us. We got to the office and the FRIGGIN LIGHTS WERE OUT! Door locked. There are a lot of windows in the door and around them. Very obvious that no one was home. It was one of those experiences where you go, \"What the heck?\" and you try to open the door, even though you know your actions are futile."
"With a ring at the end of his nose."
"My reluctance to perform in an ensemble also stemmed from watching the previous school concert when I was hosting it. Seeing how some of my juniors struggled on stage and not holding the instrument and the bow correctly, reminds me about myself."
"Born in a the Scottish Highlands"
"During this whole back and forth, the guy she brought with her is grabbing things. He appears to be around 20, but I can tell he’s not quite right. Anyway, he’s reaching for the merch on the counter and putting them in his pockets. He also put three medications within reach in his pockets. He even grabbed the laptop I had in front of my when I averted my attention briefly. He had sticky fingers. So I had to keep my eye on him and all items within his reach the whole time I’m talking to his mother(?). It was exhausting. Toward the end, he left the room, and came back later saying he just had a seizure."
"Most sites have titled it \"The Cab Ride\" or The Taxi Driver,\" but Nerburn's original title reflects the soul-filled insights of a man with a doctoral degree in religious studies. He calls it: \"And where there is sadness, joy.\".."
"Yossarian: “Why are they going to disappear him?”"
"So that's what I do, I just gently put the eggs in the electric water kettle (you don't want to chip them because cleaning this out is harder than a pot)."
"Date Bowl W/L Opponent PF PA January 1, 1947 Rose Bowl W UCLA 45 14 January 1, 1952 Rose Bowl W Stanford 40 7 January 1, 1964 Rose Bowl W Washington 17 7 December 29, 1982 Liberty Bowl L Alabama 15 21 January 2, 1984 Rose Bowl L UCLA 9 45 December 31, 1985 Peach Bowl L Army 29 31 December 29, 1988 All-American Bowl L Florida 10 14 January 1, 1990 Florida Citrus Bowl W Virginia 31 21 January 1, 1991 Hall of Fame Bowl L Clemson 0 30 December 31, 1991 John Hancock Bowl L UCLA 3 6 December 30, 1992 Holiday Bowl L Hawai 17 27 December 31, 1994 Liberty Bowl W E Carolina 30 0 December 30, 1999 MicronPC.com Bowl W Virginia 63 21 January 1, 2002 Sugar Bowl L LSU 34 47 January 1, 2008 Rose Bowl L USC 17 49 December 29, 2010 Texas Bowl W Baylor 38 14 Total 16 Bowl Games 7-9 398 354"
"There is a great new store there too called RISD Works. They'd never heard of Zentangle. And I want to see my books there, since I am an alum and all that."
"“I followed this passage from my doctor’s office.” she muttered her excuse."
"He is survived by a daughter, Lily Oscar Bergman, and his sister, Wendy Kleckner."
"green apples for the horses and pink roses for racing!!!!"
"\"'If someone’s so smart, they’d figure how to get better-looking. You could lose weight, get plastic surgery, even get your face scraped and your teeth bleached... My dad’s a network news guy. He says people shouldn’t have to look at ugly people.'\" (p5)."
"You don’t have to pay a publisher or agent. ( you shouldn’t ever give them money but you will be paying them when they take a percentage of your sales. Cutting out the agents and publisher’s high over head."
"Hi guys! It’s me again, your crazy pistachio friend! i wanted to make another posting about kawaii fair, and how AWESOME it is! You need to hurry Hury Hury! (did i mention Hurry?) …Because it ends this saturday! So you have a day or so to soak up all the fun left in Kawaii Fair! Lots AND Lots of cute stuff!! I hope you all have a fun & safe weekend! Have fun and be safe!"
"ain’t got nothing on my vanishing elephants. If you want to see those"
"ANY NEPALESE SPECIALTIES?"
"Chairman's Reserve Rums are among some of the finest anywhere and always a pleasure to sip and enjoy when at home on the boat. The enjoyment not only comes from the fine rum, but it comes from the feelings of the dedicated people we met there at the distillery. Their top line rums like \"Admiral Rodney\" and \"1931\" will stand along side some the best in the world and quite often do in the festivals throughout the world."
"The Wells Fargo branches will remain closed pending further investigation by the police, bank spokesman Ancel Martinez said."
"And knowing himself heartless, soulless (not nice)"
"First raised the revolt were the body-guards, which sought to capture the Palace of Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al-Thani."
"Trophy husband and I took a much needed weekend away last fall. We headed to the beach. By fall, all the summer crowd had returned to wherever they came from. We only had to deal with the snow-birds who were settled in and not bothering anybody."
"OH, LAURA?!?!?!"
"Following are excerpts from a sermon by Sunni Islamic scholar Sheik Yousuf Al-Qaradhawi, which aired on Qatar TV on February 20, 2009."
"with meaning and clarity."
"Recently, somewhere in Texas, I took a photo. It will be the second photo below."
"The degree of devotion required of wolverine biologists in the service of gaining knowledge would put the most pious of religious adherents to shame. En route to Montana along the deserted dead-of-night roads, Jason told stories of his previous years directing field operations for the Absaroka-Beartooth Project – tales of crossing Yellowstone on snowmobile to reach a capture site while the roads were closed, performing the collaring operation, and then turning around and snowmobiling back, narrowly avoiding collisions with bison and wolves in the dark; tales of six-hour searches for dens in icy sleet with no real clue where the den might be (they found it); tales of sticking his head into dens without any assurance that the mother wolverine wasn’t inside (she was); tales of broken ribs in snowmobile maintenance mishaps; many, many tales of having to sacrifice time with his family in order to be in the field doing things that no one else was able to do, so that we might learn what a wolverine was eating, or whether or not she was denning."
"The \"war on women\" theme is another indicator. For daring to suggest"
"Perhaps it was because of the frequency jammers used for the first time in a Malaysian rally. This is one of the reason that Bersih failed to disperse the crowd because the message did not reach down to the crowd. I made my way to Masjid Jamek to pray."
"It was otherworldly and I chalk it up to one word: tiède. The pain au raisin that I received—and promptly demolished—was still a bit warm from the oven. This meant that the butter and pastry cream or whatever was baked into it made the dough soft and springy, sweet and savory, melty and just this side of rich. It put a spring in my step all day."
"experience of shared meanings, a common vocabulary and shared expectations."
"\" / Tapu, Pigs, and Power; Discussing Tongan Ark / 193"
"Sir Jeremy said he had threatened to resign if Britain supported the invasion of Iraq without securing at least one Security Council resolution."
"The Board found that the mark \"fails to create an association with the goods and fails to serve as an indicator of source of applicant's goods as described on the webpage.\" The mark is distant from the description of the software and separated by text of marginal relevance (e.g., Applicant's philosophy regarding customers). Moreover, a number of different logos appear on the webpage that do not relate to the software. Links to event and news further distract the reader from the mark."
"and its ally, carrying in a bucket"
"as the only deﬁnition for ‘fucked’"
"When the Acadians were cast from their home in Nova scotia by the dreadful British, and made their way to Louisiana, they made friends with the local Indians and Creoles from New Orleans. The Creoles had been brought to New Orleans from haiti as slaves, and gumbo was their native dish. The Creoles taught the Cajuns how to make their staple soup, gumbo, and the Indians taught the Cajuns how to use the lush and bountiful Louisiana flora and fauna to create delicious dishes.\""
"*Hey y'all!!* Greeting from a relaxed Relakkuma! Has it been so long since the last post!? Not that I've been hibernating, I swear haha! Yuppi has not needed bento for a while and hubby has run to work with a simple onigiri lunch on his back. But they need bento today!"
"In the film Fred Flintstone is persuaded to take over for an injured secret agent Rock Slag, to whom he is an exact double, by the Stone Age Secret Service. Under the guise of a family vacation to Paris, Fred's mission is to infiltrate the secret organization known as SMIRK whose leader, the Green Goose (voiced by Harvey Korman) is bent on destroying the world with a doomsday missile. Flinstone trails the Green Goose to Rome where he and Barney get captured. The real Rock Slag shows up in the nick of time to rescue the duo and together they save the day by foiling the evil plot."
"So Kill It. As Well as the Police."
"Playing post rock music looks cool to me, but actually I can't listen to music without lyrics over 3 mins. It's so boring. The songs of Mighty Coala are short to keep me awake while I play. =)"
"Diary Entry – September 1st, 1939. “Worked in afternoon. Went for a walk in evening with Walter. Germany invades Poland.“"
"Executions without trial were common place, Franco had the support of the aristocracy,the army, the landlords, the bankers, and the Church hierararchy and a clique of corrupt politicians went over to the conspirators the rest backed the Republic.The left wing of the popular front was determined to resist the Generals and resolved to distribute arms and weapons to newly formed militias. By the morning of 19th July truckloads of rifles from the Ministry of War were on their way to the headquarters of the Socialist and Anarchist trade unions for distribution to their members. A few weeks later a government emerged more than capable of defending the Republic against the Generals. It was the first Republican Government to have full Socialist, Communist and Anarchist support. However Franco had both Italian and German fascist support, with their finance and intervention. The fascists defended a common view of the past, while the republican coalition though, had widely different visions of the future."
"And then the artwork...I desperately wish I knew enough about art to explain why this art is so lovely! Happily, Seven Impossible Things can do that for me. I will just say that it is robust and colorful, beautiful without being trite, and endlessly inventive and appreciative and the beauty of nature with a running theme of birds."
"In my opinion, the internet going mobile & at my finger tips:"
"Cheers cast and crew earned a remarkable 117 Emmy Award nominations over the course of the show with an impressive 28 wins. Kelsey Grammer set an Emmy record when he went on to win Emmy Awards for three different series, all playing the same character, Frasier Crane. He won for Cheers, for Frasier, and for a guest spot on Wings."
"The introduction of the press by Johannes Gutenberg gave impetus to the process of learning. The pressmen printed Bibles and books on religious and spiritual subjects. Unfortunately these subjects also discussed the Witchcraft in denigrative terms. This resulted in resistance to witchcraft and witch hunt."
"watchers are. We watched and worried together----did each"
"That's one talented Italian"
"I used the Butterfly Trio die set to make the card front placing three different pieces of the Damask Shimmer Cardstock behind. This design is very versatile and can be used with so many of the A Muse Studio dies."
"1-4 shots espresso or very strong coffee (I double the amount of grounds I use per cup to get my strong coffee)"
"A reason to start over new"
"The official has received various awards for \"Good Governance\" and best HR Administration in the Region. Inspection- and auditors reports on his section portray excellent results. His leave record and performance assessment results in general speak of a loyal, dedicated official."
"Two fabulous reasons to indulge in these super veggies:"
"So, what do I have to say after mulling over my game versus Ivan?"
"The seamstress replied, 'No.'"
"Now that you’re here to rock with me"
"An article carrying an excellent analysis on post Mumbai situation has recently come up from Gen. (Retd). Jahangir Karamat, formerly Pakistan’s Ambassador to the US, Chief of Pakistan’s armed Staff and one of the few generals who literally followed the constitution of Pakistan"
"hollyjollysocial@gmail.com by December 5, 2011"
"I have decided I need a new camera. My old Fuji seems to have died after number of years of excellent service. It was ‘only’ 8megapixels, but I got loads of really good shots with it. I am most likely camping/beaching with my friends this summer, so I’ll need one by then."
"Not until the boom in the use of smaller computers of the 1980s did the NTDS start to face obsolescence. Development of successor systems began in the mid 1980s, and by the mid 1990s, a variety of cheaper, faster, smaller and lighter systems began to replace it. Today several high bandwidth data links working in conjunction with advanced versions of the computer systems used in NTDS perform the battle management function."
"Late in the evening I saw Jane Judd and her husband look as if they might be making a move, and fuelled by yet more red wine and the knowledge that if I didn’t properly introduce myself I’d always regret it, a wave of courage suddenly gripped me and catapulted me into her path, blocking her exit."
"Holy Cow. This book gave me the heebie-jeebies."
"Also last weekend, the kids had their spring recital. It was such a gorgeous day and they did such a great job that we celebrated with some gelato afterwards. . . and a little more lounging around outside."
"This weekend, my Mother of Twins Club had their Spring tag sale and I was a seller for the second time. I didn't have too much but was eager to rid of some baby items as well as a plethora of plastic toys that my parents dump on me with each of their weekly visits. The sale is quite the undertaking and sellers have to set up Friday night and work from 6am Saturday morning until about 3pm that afternoon. In my absence, Daddy and Auntie Kim stepped in to look after the kiddos - Kim in charge of Matteo and Daddy with Sebastian and Collette."
"B: What inspired you to initially create your own animated Doctor Who series, and what do you hope your series can offer fans?"
"A few days later, Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong announced in Parliament of his intention to call for a by-election in Hougang, but has not decided on the date."
"Our good-bye in Maui was less dramatic. I asked him if he still did spiritual practices, and he looked at me as if I was speaking Greek and asked, “Spiritual practices?” And I said, “You know, spiritual practices; you remember those.” He replied, “I just hang out with Maharaj-ji.” When you’re living in the presence, certainty and awareness of “being love now,” one is no longer doing anything in order to find or cultivate that love. I leaned over and kissed his bald head and said I love you, walking away and not looking back; just before I went out the door, he called out, “I love you too,” and of course I didn’t believe him, and got in the car and immediately thought I had acted like an idiot, wasted a precious opportunity to ask the deeper questions, and figured that he probably thought I was an a**hole. And still off the wall."
"Today’s memorial was worthy of an artist. It began with us all making book covers for a memorial scrapbook. Many of Barbara’s papers were available for decorating/ collaging the covers— marbled papers, monoprints, and watercolors she had created at Artists Bookworks, Columbia College, Ragdale, and Oxbow. After the covers were completed, students at the school helped with drilling holes and gold leaf stamping. One of Barbara’s sons had printed images of Barbara’s life, which served as the contents of the scrapbook."
"“Elber Albaz has debuted his childrenswear collection for Lanvin. The twenty five piece collection features a beautiful line of separates, dresses and a few select accessories. Washed organza and pleated tulle form pretty dresses, adorned with delicate crystals and satin ribbon. Other highlights include a silk taffeta trench coat with beaded sleeves, frou frou tiered skirts, and T-shirts featuring a heart, created using technicolour pompoms. The line is for girls aged 4 to 10 and will be available come November 2011.” – Ella Alexander"
"The story has been filmed twice before, once in 1934 with Norma Shearer as Elizabeth and Frederic March as Robert (the film was nominated for Best Picture), and then in 1957 by the same director with Jennifer Jones, Bill Travers and Sir Ralph Richardson as Edward Barrett Moulton Barrett, Elizabeth’s father (there was also a TV version made in Britain in the 1970's) but don‘t let that deter you! I’m sure that in the hands of a strong director and writer, this story can inspire modern audiences as well."
"My mom spent the night with me that night, listening to my sobs. I took that entire week off of work. I cancelled a wedding, and cried on the phone with almost every vendor. I learned that my friends and family are so much more amazing than I ever could have fathomed. And a few weeks later, I moved out, began to move on and started my journey."
"I had to give my original unit that I bought for my room to my son...So I used a dresser that someone gave me...took the glass doors off and it works really well! ( ignore all the boxes down the side of the unit...i keep those for sending in pages to the magazine)"
"Hi Friends..."
"What are your thoughts on a Supra successor? What about keeping the name? Tell us what you think."
"Now first of all I will go through the entire situation as of what all happened as what he explained to me in an email for this article."
"Hi girls, it's Rosalien here and today I'm your Host for Hostess Monday. ;)"
"Yes, the Christmas season brings warm (because I’m sweating after hoofing it from the far reaches of the parking lot) and fuzzy thoughts (due to extreme fatigue) of gift giving and candy canes and all the other wondrous things that go along with this, my favorite, holiday."
"Loved:"
"I did not really reflect over this until I happened to sit next to the guy at the aircraft and the guy in front of him turned around and asked:"
"- Weather – Know at all times what is happening with the weather"
"Breeze Coming Through an Open Window, Fluttering the Curtains"
"If things don't work out at school, as seems to be the case for more and more children...homeschool. Or suck it up until age 16 and get a GED or go to Tech...my son is doing that without a GED or high school diploma. We don't teach to kids who learn hands on. We teach to the science/math majors and fail the rest. Look at these 15 successful people who were labelled \"learning disabled\". Seems they may have been \"school disabled\" because they did pretty damn well for themselves. They made the cut because of who they are, not in spite of it."
"The right of inheritance shall be maintained in accordance with the law."
"General Opinion of the Episode"
"One of the long-running themes of this blog is how the marketing and advertising world have lost touch with reality ."
"There are two ways, the first a non-pagan friend of mine pointed out. This is when a song is going round and around in your head. It’s your subconscious, which has latched on to the song as a way of telling you something and if you figure out what it’s trying to tell you, the song will stop."
"We're free to watch films made in Iran, Spain, Chile and New Zealand. We can read award-winning novels written by writers from Columbia, Sweden, India and Nigeria. We're free to enjoy and admire the best of everything planet Earth has to offer. These countless and ever-increasing gifts are worth more than any nation's treasury, regardless of the original donor's colour or location."
"WNZ Chief executive Matt Claridge told TV ONE’s Breakfast once children are mobile supervision is key to preventing accidents."
"Thoughts? opinions? magic tales of flying purple hippos who fight the rouge unicorns? let me know peeps"
"11And blasphemed the God of heaven because of their pains and their sores, and repented not of their deeds."
"Lewis Thompson"
"After we had our lunch I baked cakes. The sun is shining brightly outside now and the temperature is 84 degrees."
"Sometimes it takes writing many words before a novelist can be comfortable about the story path he has chosen. I have often abandoned an effort after a hundred or more pages, having discovered that the subject, the plot, the characters, the emotional mood, the idea itself can no longer engage my interest."
"Believers at Saints Constantine and Helen Greek Orthodox Cathedral carried a flower-bedecked bier late Friday night along Court Street and down Schermerhorn Street in Brooklyn Heights / Downtown Brooklyn."
"\"Ummah\" is the word for community in Arabic and when I listen to the music of these cats, I feel like I am part of the community ...a community of LOVE's MUSIC..."
"Name was called,"
"b) how he might come across on Question Time"
"Have a lovely evening! x"
"First up . . . Amber from Lemongrass Spa. If you've never heard of Lemongrass Spa, you have got to check out this line of natural bath and body products."
"Jack hurt Maggie. Jeffry asked him if he'd apologized. He hadn't. Jeffry told Maggie that Jack had something to say to her. Jack hugged her, and she said; \"Sawwy Jack. Sawwy Jack. I yaa you.\" (gulp)"
"Another option, which is in our training plan, is to run intervals. At a track we would start with running 400M x 4. For the next interval Active.com says we would, “Increase the number of 400s every week by two more until, 10 days before the race, the final workout is: 14 x 400. Each 400 (one lap around a track) should be run eight seconds faster than you want to average per quarter mile in your 5K race.”"
"Amitabh"
"I can never replace,"
"Can you see in this pic?"
"- Projects must have been completed for UW course credit, for the Undergraduate Research Program (URP), or the Undergraduate Research Symposium."
"RIP, pretty pretty purple fake Converses. I miss you!"
"Deputy Richard Boyd Barrett: ￼ ￼ That is an appalling comment."
"Oh, speaking of falling... our poor girl had quite the accident at Chesterbook the other day. I looked at my phone during a break at work and saw \"Missed Call & Voicemail from Chesterbrook Academy\", I feel like my heart drops just seeing a missed call from there. I checked it immediately... they were calling to say that Alli was running (big surprise), fell, and cut her lip pretty bad. They were able to stop the bleeding, but it was \"a lot of bleeding\", and she's okay. I called Dad-E, who had also gotten the message, and we agreed that she'd probably be okay for the few more hours I had until I could pick her up from daycare. I picked her up and she was so sad... and her inner bottom lip looked just awful. Thankfully, she was a trooper and never even complained about it, and it has already healed quite nicely."
"Potassium = 400 mg (10% of daily recommended value)"
"Think I am going to sell that in my new etsy shop I hope to have up and running tomorrow."
"For YOU, the 1, who don’t act very nice."
"By Amanda Bland"
"Full Licensed Name:"
"Of course it's all nonsense but I do find myself identifying with these traits. How about you?"
"Karena who fostered Lenny for us has turned into a God send and a foster failure. Not only did she fall in love with this big hunk, she agreed to foster another! Charlie moved in and followed the same path as Lenny , and gets to stay where he is too ! Karena also is a jewelery rep and to help us is donating 20% of her sales to Hearts On Noses until the end of March!"
"Here are some samples of pages I made yesterday and it was my first time using the program!!!"
"In the top 25 American Beers List, Live Oak HefeWeizen took the ten spot, and Saint Arnold's took #25 with it's Divine Reserve #5."
"Lauren"
"Orange juice: 1/4 cup"
"but inside I think it's really cute."
"These are the thoughts running through my head lately since the knitting and spinning bug is keeping me looking forward to new fiber projects."
"It was known that nicotinamide adenine dinu-cleotide phosphate (NADPH) plays a role in the metabolic system producing the target substance. However, the prior art did not point out that NADPH is (one of) the limiting factor(s)."
"He’d better find someone who appreciates a bold, charismatic woman."
"But it's not Immigrants, the 1%, Chinese, the UN, goddamn eviloutionists or whatever who are destroying America. It's the US political culture. The bureaucracy is rampant. Companies are fleeing the US. Capital markets round the world are closing to US capital, because of the sheer arrogance of the US tax authorities which make it just too much trouble to have an American as a client. And going to America, with the TSA who verge between dangerously paranoid and actually insane, is becoming unpleasant if not down-right dangerous. The DEA has destabilised an entire continent, South America; and the War on Terror is in danger of doing the same to Central Asia. The USA has been betraying its history and ethos with rendition, torture and support for less-than savoury regimes. America has been resting on its laurels for some time, and will lose allies fast when it's no longer the biggest boy on the block if it continues in this vein."
"Only, Nik's is going to have a pink bottom, and white icing on the top with pink, white and light purple sprinkles... super easy, yeah?"
"I am competitive by nature. Competition brings out the best and worst in people. Writing competitions help us put our best work out there and also helps us realize the worst about our own skill. Such a fun way to learn, improve, and get read!"
"C'mon, let's celebrity diversity by joining hands and admitting that most of us are dim, stinky, and not creative at all."
"(Entering the Countdown for the First Time) 5.) The Legend of Tarzan - Based on the works of Edger Rice Burroughs, and the 1999 Disney animated film from Walt Disney Pictures, this Tarzan series takes place right where the film left off with 39 episodes running from 2001 to 2003. A compilation DVD packaged as a direct-to-video sequel has been released and a few select episodes on DVD and VHS have been released outside the US, but past that, the show has never seen the light of day on a home entertainment release of any kind."
"irritability"
"To reminisce about my formative days of musical independence and music-hunting, I just ordered Natasha Bedingfield’s 2007 album N.B., which was never released stateside. It contains seven tracks not included on 2008′s Pocketful of Sunshine, which is on Spotify (whereas N.B. isn’t)."
"Other stellar opening trios: David Bowie: Ziggy Stardust (track 4's not bad, either), The Flaming Lips are very good at opening songs and trios that set out the tone for the album...and also kick ass, The Yeah Yeah Yeahs albums \"Fever to Tell\" and \"It's Blitz\" also do this really well, but the masters might be The White Stripes: all of their studio albums do this in spades, bringing the thunder while setting the soundscape."
"Privately made recordings of Nance’s first concert date, at Fargo, North Dakota, on November 7, 1940 by Jack Towers and Dick Burris, are probably the most effective display of the band during this period. These recordings, later released as Duke Ellington at Fargo, 1940 Live, are among the first of innumerable live performances which survive, made by enthusiasts or broadcasters, significantly expanding the Ellington discography."
"A New Mexican battling the French was killed in modern-day Nebraska during the 1720 Villasur Expedition."
"If I sold 100 copies of two books through YouWriteOn I’d earn £168.10, but by selling 100 copies each of two self-published books I’d earn £308.25. In this instance, self-publishing is a better option by a very nice margin of £140.15."
"Lumiere Cosmetics M-Pressed Blush in Clay is a warm nude peach color. It is a beautiful shade of color and perfect for light to tan skin tones."
"than when we let a little vulnerability in....."
"You should have seen the reaction. My revelation was shocking. Gasps. Open mouths. From people who are openly going to vote for the extreme right. Because in France there is tolerance of Le Pen. There is tolerance of the extreme left too. But no-one, and I mean NO-ONE, ever admits to voting for Sarkozy. You know, the guy who won the last presidential elections. France's current president. The one who won the most votes."
"Enjoy your Friday!"
"and then vertically. For the vertical stitches, I wove the thread over and under the horizontal thread. This was quite a challenge! In fact, I had to use a delicate sewing needle with a tiny eye rather than my usual embroidery needle. When I first started the repairing stitches, I used white sewing thread. The whites didn't quite match so it was very obvious and the sewing thread weight-wise was actually too coarse and heavy. I wasn't sure what sort of thread to use that would match both in color and weight. After a bit of experimenting, I ended up using a thread from my embroidery fabric! I carefully pulled the thread out of the weave along the cut edge of my fabric. It worked really well and you can barely see the repair."
"Monday – Saturday, 9 am – 8 pm"
"The AATT report listed all the concessionaires and the amount of monies owed as of January 2012."
"you would think king oedipus paired with queen electra"
"After every use, cutting boards should be washed with hot, soapy water and then rinsed with clear water and air dried. If you’re going to pat them dry, be sure to use un-used paper towels, but not your kitchen dishtowel. The dishtowel will probably have been used and filled with bacteria you want to keep from your cutting board."
"For me life's simple pleasures are the best: petting my dog and cats, strolling through the garden (or as in this time of year, a seed catalogue), chatting with friends, sipping an aromatic cup of tea before the fire. And there's the quiet pleasure of flipping through a new cookbook, with the promise of so many new recipes and ideas for future edibles waltzing through my head. And when the new cookbook is about baking, there's always the alchemical magic of having simple ingredients puff up into cakes, pastries, biscuits or other treats."
"James Weldon Johnson (1871-1938) wrote a poem in 1922 called, “The Creation”,"
"every patent granted to CSIR is in the name of CSIR and not individual labs. The logically corollary of this simple fact is that there must be somebody called CSIR which has information on how their patents are licensed. However when one applies to this CSIR body, they claim they don’t have any information and that one should apply to 39 different laboratories despite the fact that these 39 different laboratories are not the owners of the patents. Why in God’s name should I request information from entities who do not own any of these patents? It just doesn’t make any sense to me."
"Reaction Paragraph:"
"This semester, the students in the Beverage Industry: Products and Profits After School Matters program will be involved with a service event for young children. We focused this session of ASM on Dairy. The teens will provide literacy support and activities based on their knowledge of the Dairy industry to students at Goldblatt Elementary School. The students will also participate in a fundraiser on April 1 at the Oberweis Dairy Store in Oak Park. They will be marketing, advertising and working the all day event. Come out and support the students of ASM!"
"This Sunday marks the 10th anniversary of that fateful day. It will be commemorated by the families of victims at ceremonies held at the various crash sites. Now, the families and friends only have memories of those who were lost. Babies are now turning 10, children are teenagers and young adults. Mothers, fathers, brothers and sisters, husbands and wives only have memories. Perhaps the lyrics of Pink Floyd captures their thoughts:"
"BAKE 9-10 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center still comes out a bit \"gooey\""
"The measure would not require any additional numbers to be calculated, it would simply use a statistic that the BLS already calculates each month, alongside the so-called official unemployment rate and a handful of other stats."
"I drank my Sprite Zero and ate my peanuts which were pretty decent. It wasn’t long after that I began to see the plane descending enough where I could make out buildings, etc on the ground below. I was thinking to myself “about time” when a few minutes later, I noticed that the plane was begin to ascend again into the sky. I looked around and right at that moment the flight attendant came on the intercom and stated that the fasten seat belt light is on that everyone should remain in their seats and not form a line at the bathroom. Then came the real…the pilot came over the intercom and started by saying, “This is your pilot.” He proceeded to state that air traffic controllers were not allowing the plane we were on or any other planes land at Lambert International due to inclement weather conditions. He was advised to fly out about 80 miles and so he advised that they were just circling around out there at the moment as a result. I was like seriously? What if the plane runs out of fuel?! He said that there were other planes out there as well and I was like you mean to tell me that there are other planes out here circling as well at night in the sky waiting to land… o_O"
"As I sat on my driftwood and watched the boys fish, the traffic was unstoppable. This season is always bittersweet because we lose our wonderful valley to the tourists yet we are so happy to see them so that our businesses can flourish once again."
"Instead of coming up with a generic and stereotypical list of the qualities of an ideal and unrealistic man, I’m studying what it takes to be a better man, and better yet, doing what it takes to become a better man."
"I am happy to tell you, Mother! Most simply stated, being receptive to the light enables spiritual clarity that transcends third density’s limitations. Those include prejudice and hatred of differences, acting in greed, judging others for their choices, holding resentments or desiring vengeance, getting ahead by ruthlessness and cheating and lying, controlling others’ lives and denying their free will, blindly following dogma or orders when instinct tells that they are not based in godliness. And the greatest of all third density’s limitations is fear — actually, all of those other negative emotions and actions I mentioned arise from fear."
"“Oh, they will,” Sally said,"
"reproach me, because I did no wrong."
"2 medium slices of good quality white bread, crusts removed, torn into pieces"
"The officer and school administrators met the bus when it arrived at the school."
"I'd been aware of this rumbling undercurrent for some months, but I"
"And yes, six dishes for three was probably one dish too many, but even then our dinner costs us less than $25 each. Bring on more interesting pub menus, I say, and we'll carry on eating."
"Kane leaps back and forth in time as a reporter (William Alland) searches through newsreels, diaries and interviews with friends, enemies, ex-wives and employees to try to pin down the secret of Charles Foster Kane. The film's conception remains fresh today as it examines the life of a man who thought \"it would be fun to run a newspaper.\""
"ALWAYS have been copybotters wandering around SL, but this is becoming sick now. Copybotters have increased a lot since i signed up SL,"
"Chopped pistachios"
"Does Nato not have enemies for gods sake that could benefit from helping Libya at this moment in time and thus halting the imperialists from the killing of Islam in their wars."
"This is not something unimaginable. In Exodus, God chose Moses to reveal and deliver the massive system of the Law for and to Israel. The nation of the Jews failed under that system and God chose Paul to reveal and deliver the gospel of the grace of God to the world."
"Along with the classic thirties reprints I got a paperback fulla mid-seventies strips which sorta put the cherry on toppa the nice and gooey BLONDIE sundae I've been indulging myself in this past week or so. THE BEST OF BLONDIE might not be exactly that, but it does contain a nice selection of mid-sevenites strips which is fine by me considering how the seventies seemed to be the final era in which the old standbys were intermingling with the new upstarts which I never could wrap my psyche around. Still pumping on all cylindars, these comics surprisingly show BLONDIE to be a top-notch effort even though the strip hadn't changed much other'n in developing a finer style than it had even in the thirties. And as the times changed so did the strip if ever-so-slightly...like with the Bumstead kids now teens the infamous Elmo began turning up as the neighborhood waif who always pops in on Dagwood when he's taking his bath! Other'n that much of the same quirks and qualities of BLONDIE remains constant...nice smooth gags that like the best old-timers continue to catch you by surprise, clean and crisp artwork, and yet another good item in your life that connects you to a childhood that you kinda wish never did go away even with all of the indignities and insults you hadda put up with. It's kinda like if you had some relatives who were living in some old house the family owned for a good many years, and it was still furnished the same way it was in the late-thirties only with a few modern appliances like a tee-vee and air conditioner inna window changing the effect just a little. And y'know, once you go in you can remember what you were doing back in 19XX when you were a kid and aunt so-n-so served you some lemonade. Yeah, that's what reading these BLONDIEs is like, and though the strip of today ain't quite the same (I blame it on the ever-shrinking size which can't develop in three panels the same rhythm it did in four) it does make one feel tingly inside knowing that the family's stil there'n intact, societal mores be danged!"
"4 celery stalks, diced"
"It’s frustrating to know someone might blow things out of proportion (by disseminating the information), or get too involved by trying to rule your head (by bashing things up “don’t do that, it’s stupid!”)."
"I'm also really excited to see the wedding line Anthropologie is planning to debut!"
"“How do you play Married?” I asked, and instead of telling me, she showed me, climbed into the ditch with another boy from the block and stripped naked. My job, she said, was to keep everyone away while they played. When I wasn’t scaring off the other children, I would gawk down at the muddy couple inside the ditch, cavorting naked in the pseudo-sexual act. I wasn’t sure what was happening, but I did know this: I wanted to play."
"Runner Up : Utobeer - My local, what can I say but 700 + beers can be pretty hard to chose from."
"There were pages that just kept me laughing non-stop. It was also nice to read about a woman with whom I really identify."
"2. Weather or Not"
"That the author is male, yes, but that doesn’t mean his has no insight into his wife’s plight:"
"I always like to include a photo of the view from our front door. The bed on the left has been there a few years. The area to the right is where the tree used to be, and most of these plants were planted last year, with some additions this year."
"Still flying high from her recent 2008 Mid-Atlantic Emmy Award nomination for Best Weather Anchor, Chica will be showcasing birthday cards sent in from preschoolers all over the country, playing party games and singing songs with her Sunny Side Up Show co-hosts Kevin, Kelly and Sean. A live onscreen crawl will feature birthday wishes sent in from preschoolers via SproutOnline.com , and special surprise greetings from other Sprout stars will also be featured throughout the celebration."
"Happy New Year to everyone. I used to think September was a time for renewal. It is my birthday month, I would be starting a new year at school, I love fall. All these things would encourage me to want a new start. Now that I am older I feel like this time of year is good for a fresh start. I plan to reflect on the past year and maybe make some changes, or resolutions. I will realize I did quite a bit and things really are going well. I will also, because I am me, come up with quite a few things I am not happy with and work to change them."
"yikes."
"\"Who cares what everyone else does? You be in charge of you. You choose who you want to be. And you want to be nice.\""
"I don't really think this is attributable to anything but the atmosphere and culture. Canadian brewing/drinking seems even more dominated by big breweries -- MolBatt, the Canadian equivalent of American beer geeks' BMC -- than America, and the impediments to cross-provincial beer sales haven't helped. It's not chance that the very best Canadian breweries seem to be either brewpubs, breweries with strong export sales, or new. There is acceptance of craft beer in Canada, but it seems to be behind the curve a bit."
"Must I be carried to the skies"
"“Social media effects on productivity in work and home situations: The addictive nature of 140 characters and their spillover to other environments”"
"When I reached the hall, I was expecting a sort of a romantic film like Adam Sandler’s 50 First dates; a little serious though. I had thought that it would have a warm romance that would melt my heart as I had learnt that the movie was a huge hit in North America and it was really doing well during Valentine’s Day week. So, I was expecting a very touching, romantic film."
"Please wish me luck!! I have all fingers & toes crossed!!"
"Auden's life has always been about school--grades, weighted GPAs, admission to college... But she and her life changed when she stepped at the beautiful beach town where her father and his new family lives. There she met three girls whom she never thought would be her friends, and a couple of boys that made her summer even more interesting. And then theres Eli, the intriguing boy who doesn't talk to anybody but her. They end up spending time together during the night, store-going, drinking coffee, and eating pies. Suddenly, insomnia looks like a good thing! Not that I want one, but if I'm going to spend the night just like Auden and Eli, then I might consider it too. Together, they took on a journey where each of them realized how important second chances are... that no matter how many times you failed in life, the important thing is how many times you are willing to try again."
"When I went to visit my Grandma Adelaide the summer of 1997, I didn’t know it would be our last visit."
"Magnolia Doohickey Grass, sweet lovely lace,heart swirl, so wrapped lovely heart tag available from BunnyZoe"
"Martha's decided friends are stupid. She never wants another friend. Ever. So when Opal Moonbaby comes along, with her mad silver hair and huge violet eyes, claiming to be an alien, Martha is definitely NOT interested. But Opal isn't the kind of alien who takes no for an answer... Sparkling with originality and charm, this is a heart-warming, hilarious story about friendship."
"When did you start your blog? 2 days ago...jeeze..it already feels like its been forever! lol...Kidding!!"
"Beunka Adams is imprisoned on the Polunsky Unit of Texas death row for a crime that another man confessed to committing. He was convicted and sentenced to death at the age of 21. Beunka was involved in a robbery in which store employee, Kenneth Vandever, was shot and killed."
"I began collecting CDs, and saw the faces of Brasil, understood the"
"I hate pink."
"The plaque had written on it,\"To Enigma , my life and my Love, Happy Birthday, from Dean.\""
"Come join us next Tuesday February 21 st for discussion on Chapter 3. We will talk about personal will, self control and the ability to stay true to ourselves as we travel through this life. The gathering is fun, free and another opportunity to meet new people."
"For bloggers of color who reveal their racial identity and whose blogs tackle race and cultural politics, this has meant contending with hate mail."
"Until 1825 all marriages and burials in the borough had to be performed in St Mary's. In the church grounds, the headstones show how varied the trades and professions in the town were in the 18th and 19th centuries: an inn keeper, a rope maker and a glass cutter lie close to the grave stone of William Hawks. Hawks was an important figure in the development of Gateshead's industrial prosperity and one of several notable residents buried here."
"Quiet words of “I love you” flows past her lips into my ear, as we embrace in the cover of the darken room"
"All in all, it is exactly what you would expect from an American Pie movie but with a few grown-up problems thrown in. They haven’t toned down on any aspect like nudity or gross-out bits and the sentimental parts are few and far between. It is great to see all the cast back together to celebrate what they once had at high school. It definitely made me feel nostalgic and now I want to see the original three again!"
"The blog prize this week is the entire 6-set collection of the new PageMaps/Spellbinders dies. To enter, post here which set is your favorite and how you might use it. :) We'll draw a random winner from all of the posts this weekend. And be sure to stop by next Monday for part 2 of Lynn's video and another awesome prize!"
"So off to Home Depot...no wait Lowe's...to have the tile cut with a wet saw!"
"#96: \"Christmas: Say it with S!\" Make a card for Christmas using an image that starts with the letter S, using any cartridge(s) and any colors you'd like."
"So for this month’s card here are the requirements."
"I know you do not KNOW my mom, but that is one of the funniest things she's ever said to me! And I have seen her itch on percocet...so maybe that's part of why the phrase is so funny :)"
"trousers and *one of his fiancé's blouses*."
"To make this card I have used two papers from a My Big Ideas & Me paper pack, a Memory Box corner die, Spellbinders Nestabilites, a Martha Stewart edge punch, black satin ribbon, an image from Teddy Bo, buttons and two of my hand made stick pins."
"\"Because I wanted to hear what you had to say. But you can't do it without being condescending, so it's not worth listening to.\" He'd answered my question: did he have an argument it would be fun to puncture? No. It was all manipulation, and not very skilled manipulation at that. Too bad. I really could have used more--a really good verbal rant, there on the sidewalk, would have felt fabulous."
"Anyway, opening the curtains this morning, I would have won my bet, peering past the raindrops on the window, I watched the rain bouncing of the vehicles in the close, beating out the words ‘bank holiday, bank holiday…….."
"The pressure is relentless and this will never stop."
"“Bantum,” instructed Ibis, “I’m going to go out on a limb here… but would you mind telling the chicken to tell us everything he knows?”"
"“As you relax, you’re safe in every way. Pleasant thoughts, pleasant memories, proud little pieces of the past float through your mind. Pieces of truth Shaun. As you relax into the strength, there is no bottom and there is no bad. As you relax into the power Shaun, let the strength trickle through you. Let the strength run through your body from the top of your head to the tip of your toes. Let the soft gentle strength run through you and flush out doubts, fear and things that were never really true. Even if they were true as a child Shaun, they were never true. You just happened to be there. Now you can see the truth.”"
"Why does our media always concentrate on the “End of the World” scenario?"
"While I do not believe that there are good and evil people, I do believe that there are good and evil ideas. Ideas that foster accurate and clear apprehension of the truth are good. Ideas that propagate life and health are good. Ideas that cloud and obscure the true nature of the universe are evil. Ideas that propagate disease are evil. It is through the replication of ideas or memes and no longer through the replication of genes that human destiny will be determined. Put another way, genetic replication is necessary but not sufficient for any human future worth the name. This is essentially a combination of memetic information theory with Buddhist philosophy."
"Wow! What a night….and what a way to bring in the new year. Swing parties are the best – two different couples and mind-blowing fucking; but wait….I can’t let this just be over – I was still awake and full of sexual adrenaline. My mind was flooded with sex, my sweet Iris laying in the passenger seat dazed and still pretty drunk."
"Again, concerning Judas we read in Acts 1:16 and Acts 1:25 these statements, “Men and brethren, this Scripture must needs have been fulfilled, which the Holy Ghost by the mouth of David spake before concerning Judas, which was guide to them that took Jesus, that he may take part of this ministry and apos­tleship, from which Judas by transgression fell, that he might GO TO HIS OWN PLACE (hmmm, what does that phrase mean? But that’s a separate message))”"
"DPS already has authority to do DL/insurance checkpoints, but has never prioritized them or implemented policies to perform them, DPS chief Steve McCraw told the committee (taking some of the wind out of Chairman Williams' SB 9, scheduled to come up later in the hearing). Even if they did begin such checkpoints, said McCraw, they couldn't staff them with drug dogs, narcotics officers, etc., without violating restrictions on only using checkpoints for limited, well-defined purposes."
"Then do I think on Halcyone, whose husband fell into the deep,"
"Heavenly Father, thank You for blessing my cyber café business in the mighty name of Jesus Christ, Amen!"
"Tuesday’s Sweat Challenge"
"Artist Bibliography Listing"
"So let’s start with the spoon theory. This is geared toward living with a disability like Lupus that increases the cost for everything you do, and decreases the resources you have available to do it. It’s become a broader metaphor for anyone who is dealing with constant energy taxation that someone not facing this resource management won’t even see happening. If someone does not “have the spoons” to have a particular discussion with you, it is probably because of the people who got here before you walked in the door, and the demands those people made."
"I was so shocked I burst out laughing."
"Jesus gravitated toward society’s losers. He takes all our rankings according to status and tips them upside down. When it comes to learning acceptance and love, it may take us a while to wallow through the confusion and realize the least are the greatest."
"Other Kirin kids arrive and dance, and Baekhee and Hyemi even high-five when the battle is over! Oh, yes, we're leaning toward a renewal of friendship. Baekhee is all set to make up with Hyemi when she overhears her own band manager plotting to replace her with Hyemi. Gah!"
"Certainly that challenges or conflicts may be found as you go along. There is often problems based on the fitting, activating, updating and also upgrading software program. Often every faulty supplement settings might raise problems based on the handiness of Online, data, files and various network options. Any undiscovered issues might welcome germs and malware on the system. Thinking restaurants to go? Perfectly, AVG Support is a right site, where your user may get instant plus effective computer support by e-mail and also remote-screen spreading. Most of your times the problems can often be handled by way of users by following your knowledgebase methods offered to the portal."
"Sept 25 - Rust, Copenhagen, Denmark"
"Now, how to build the cupcake cake?"
"Yes America is having some hard times, but it’s not that bad is it? In New York where the crime rates are much higher than in Florida, this proposal is not on the table, even though the residents needs some form of protection. It is not legal for a resident of New York to own a gun, however the criminals have them. How fair is that? A business owner cannot protect himself, and a married couple strolling in the part cannot protect themselves and run the risk of getting shot by some unruly thug. Why does the South have to be so notorious for their gun control issues?"
"I turned up on the first day in full school uniform, one of only two boys wearing a cap. The other was called Cheeseman. I was assigned to the same class as Cheeseman and sat next to him as the seating plan was alphabetical. Two little boys with two little caps. It breaks my heart to think of the naivety of it and the potential for piss-taking. But this was a nice school. Bullies were few and far between and didn't pick on me for some time. I settled into certain classes with ease. English, maths and French. Everything else, I hated."
"2- Cardstocks"
"Troma's ascendancy came largely throughout the mid-1980s, well after Mother's Day, and this is the first thing the latter-day viewer needs to be aware of right away: the film is absolutely not characteristic of the company's future work. And this, like the film's unconventional plotting, is almost entirely an accident of history that this should be the case. Even so, it threw me to come in expecting a snotty, over-the-top parody and get instead something as nasty in spirit as this, even though the sprawling redneck caricatures of the main villains certainly puts the film within the wheelhouse of Troma's later work, for the artless broadness with which they are presented, if nothing else."
"Cisco is known for their high-quality handmade, eco-friendly furniture. The company was started by Cisco Pinedo, who designs the furniture and runs the business with a focus on craftsmanship and sustainability. Cisco's goods are made in the US and they sell through Cisco Home stores, HD Buttercup, and ABC Home. Other retailers, like Mecox, used to carry the line too and I assume that still goes on but Cisco doesn't provide any kind of a list to share."
"I’m trying to move but am frozen in time, in place – in bed. I treat this bed like my sofa…love, love, love it! With the lovely laptop on my lap, the heat coats my knees and makes me feel so welcome – I don’t want to leave, though hunger is tempting me towards the kitchen. I need to post a book and go to the library to do my online check-in because the ink in both my printers is out-of-bloody-date! My whole life is usually left until the last minute so I could do it all tomorrow…and there will also be Friday and Saturday. NO. Move it and groove it, woman."
"I stamp Elise and the butterfly with memento there where the butterfly over"
"ALEXANDER: No, she didn’t…I got down and started to eat the grass, thinkin’ that might touch her. And she said to me, “you poor man, you must be starvin’. Come around to the back yard an’ I’ll show you were the grass is longer.”"
"to some forgotten wintery place"
"Started off by inviting long forgotten blues artists like Howling Wolf and John Lee Hooker to play at his college in the early 60s. Became European tour manager for US blues and jazz musicians. Was stage manager at the 1965 Newport Folk festival when Dylan went electric and changed folk music forever. Became UK A&R man for Elektra Records and signed the Incredible String Band. Opened the first underground music venue UFO where the house band was Pink Floyd. Produced Pink Floyd's first single. Discovered Fairport Convention and Richard Thompson. Single handedly created English Folk Rock. Discovered Nick Drake and Vashti Bunyan. Went into films and produced the soundtrack to \"Deliverance\". \"Duelling banjos\" is his only number 1, but he hated it so much he refused to have his name on the credits. And on and on."
"and the big one that gets me..."
"the miracle drug"
"Shorts: Cherokee @ Tesco."
"i bet you smell as fine as you are ;)"
"Hanno and I will be at the Cooroy Butter Factory tonight for the Permaculture Noosa gathering and tomorrow at Dymocks in Brisbane - the details are here. We hope to see you if you're close by."
"No matter what I eat for breakfast or lunch, I always find myself craving a little something to snack on mid-afternoon. I start thinking about lunch pretty early, and we eat dinner fairly late most nights, so I need something in the middle there to bridge the gap! I make a conscious effort to keep healthy snack choices on hand, but sometimes the bag of potato chips we hide way up on top of the cabinet will catch my eye and I sneak a few. Lately I've started keeping popcorn kernels in the pantry as an alternative. I make my popcorn on the stovetop and add just a little salt so it satisfies the same cravings as the chips (crunchy and salty). It's definitely a healthier choice and I never feel like I'm missing anything picking it over the potato chips."
"7x Island"
"Wilson Phillips is an American Pop Trio consisting of singers Chynna Phillips, and sisters Wendy and Carnie Wilson."
"1 strikes"
"Here are the fabulous creations from the team:"
"I sure hope @MyPretendDog isn’t chewing on the couch."
"Fennel powder- 1 tsp"
"piotter@prtel.com"
"conserve water using a rain barrel. Collecting rain water can be fun and easy,"
"So that left me without money reserves, and it was back to the comics until 1967, when my daughter—our only child—was killed by a car at age 14. For reasons difficult to explain, my wife and I moved from Englewood, New Jersey, to upstate New York where Jack lived. I was pretty broken up and found it difficult to write again up here, but went back to sci-fi, this time as the market hit. \""
"(ugh, thats like what my mother does......."
"On the news, you never hear about a friend of the family, Uncles, Aunts, or incestuous relationships, that are often only played out in African American movies."
"Fears and nightmares unable to quell."
"I swear, irl, you can't see any VNL, however in these photos it seems so obvious."
"\"All bad poetry springs from genuine feeling. To be natural is to be obvious, and to be obvious is to be inartistic.\""
"• Reframe The Private Market: Large corporations/banks act like private governments and should be framed as such. They use vast amounts of taxpayers’ money. And not just in bailouts. They’ve always depended on publicly-funded infrastructure. Avoid the corporation-as-individual metaphorical frame, which transfers the notion of “rights” from the domain of individual persons to institutions of concentrated wealth and power."
"no complaints about the 30min train to the bus stop. it's a good opportunity to gather whats left of your nerves and to prepare you for the next leg of the journey - the bus and the actual process of getting out of this country."
"I received the following as a comment to my last post. Since I felt it was worth a wider audience I've posted it here."
"This is a shrewd and significant move by Author Solutions—perhaps one of the most significant moves ever in the relatively short modern history of author solution services globally. In some ways this is Author Solutions first attempt at check on the self-publishing industry, and though the king may find its path of escape this time, one feels that Author Solutions or some other such entity in the not too distant future will declare checkmate. There will be no escape and author solutions services will finally subsume themselves within the publishing monolith for good and the determinable lines in the sand between what publishing is and what publishing services are will become indistinguishable ."
"For this recipe, I used rice since I had it already cooked in the refrigerator. Any cooked grain can be used, like quinoa or barley. I started with frozen fronds and thawed them. The mushrooms released quite a bit of water that I squeezed out of the fronds before placing them into the food processor. This flavorful water can be used to make a vegetarian gravy later or just discarded. The amount of breadcrumbs varies, depending on how wet the fronds are, so use enough to make the burger patty hold its shape."
"But imagine for a moment if President Nixon's men, when called before the committees investigating the Watergate scandal, had provided less than twenty percent of subpoenaed documents after a full year of ignoring requests and congressional pleading. Then further imagine that among the twenty percent of the documents that were provided to Congress, hundreds of pages were \"fully redacted,\" or completely blacked out. Black paper, by the ream."
"\"‘Her Body’ is more heart-breaking each time I hear it. A startlingly gorgeous piece on a person’s death being appropriated as a ‘theme park for ideologues’ and their body being turned into a metaphor.\""
"If the crossfader is in the center position, tracks assigned to \"A\" and \"B\" will be mixed equally."
"I had some dough left over so I wove it in a plaid shape (like the traditional challah bread) and topped it off with some cumin, red pepper flakes and ocean salt to make this delicious “Jeera bread”! I am thinking of eating it with a caesar salad tomorrow evening! Yummy!"
"The Enfanti Line offers such nice features which is one thing I was really happy with during my review on my products. I had the chance to review the Bioken Enfanti Natural Remedy Color Care Shampoo and Conditioner. This offered features such as anti-aging, anti-biotic, sulfate free, nano technology, prefect color retention, free of paraben & dea & alcohol, and full of vitamins. Which my hair was really needing some of these features really bad to bring it back to life especially before the beach. Where I dye my hair here are the house it sometimes don't seem as healthy when I would go too the salon and do it but I am trying to cut back on things I can do at the house. So, having something that can help with my color is a huge plus for me."
"For freedom"
"David Barton"
"I have been on this language journey for around eleven weeks now. I have very quickly realised that my quest to become a linguistic Bruce Jenner would need more than moderate effort."
"Here are the photos of our sweet journey..."
"SoftSwim: Softswim is similar to chlorine but different in that it kills bacteria differently. Softswim acts as microscopic fly paper. The bacteria (and algae) are attracted and stick to it where they die. Millions of other microscopic particles also accumulate on the it and the chemical is ultimately trapped in the filter. These “sticky” particles accumulating in the filter make chemical cleaning of the filter essential. When adding Softswim to your pool or spa be sure to follow the manufactures instructions."
"#6 Paul Krugman of the New York Times: \"At this point I’d guess soaring rates on Italian debt leading to a gigantic bank run, both because of solvency fears about Italian banks given a default and because of fear that Italy will end up leaving the euro. This then leads to emergency bank closing, and once that happens, a decision to drop the euro and install the new lira. Next stop, France.\""
"For example, when I was thirteen years old, I played for my junior high school football team. I tried so hard to be good, but I just couldn’t get it together at that age. I remember hearing the words run through my head as I was running out for a pass, “Don’t drop it!” Naturally, I dropped the ball. My coaches were not skilled enough to teach us proper “self-talk.” They just thought some kids could catch and others couldn’t. I’ll never make it pro, but I’m now a pretty good Sunday afternoon football player, because all my internal dialogue is positive and encourages me to win."
"Now I am quite the conversationalist and can happily chirrup to anyone who cares to listen but given the state I was in, I think I went a bit onto autopilot as we wandered around the market. After a brief pause in my gabbling, Jackie piped up and asked if I wanted to know what she had made for me and for a split second, I wondered what the hell was she talking about. But then I felt the weighty white freezer bag in my hand, glanced down and suddenly remembered what we were actually doing there. \"Oh God, yes, tell me\", I replied, a touch embarrassed. And so Jackie did. Except I didn't understand any of the words. 'Lardy, plasticky, bolognesey? Terry and Sue? Who is this Terry and Sue? Did she just say ladyfingers?' were some of the phrases and questions that ran through my confused mind. But I did catch that she had made me some proper Italian lemonade, which threw me a lifeline. \"Ah, you like to cook Italian then?\" Jackie nodded, postulating that this made her a bad Chinese girl before zeroing in on the Turkish pizza wraps that are sold on The Iskele stall. So I bought two squeaky halloumi filled wraps for our lunch and off we went to the nearby park. Sitting down on the grass was a nice respite, what with the slight drop in atmospheric pressure on my aching temple and I could finally focus on having a nice chat about life, the theatre (turns out we've both trod the boards, darlink) and blogging. Alas, it didn't last for long as the baking heat on my bonce started to pop my neurons like popcorn and so I had to make my excuses to get to work. Jackie didn't seem too bothered, agreeing that maybe I should get indoors as I did look like I used to be a 'ginger'. I thanked her for her contribution and left her basking and peddled back to the office, back to my desk."
"Last night I went out to Sushi Lounge, a good, local place with my friend and fellow wine lover, Sharon. Sushi Lounge does not have a great wine list, but they have a few of the more interesting varietals such as Torrontes. Torrontes is a lovely, medium bodied, floral white that is grown in the North Argentina. Moreover, since it's a lot less expensive to make wine in Argentina and since the varietal is not well known (and thus not over planted - yet), it tends to be one of the bigger values on a wine menu."
"I figured I better continue with the food pictures. So here’s a picture of a delicious sweet and sour fish dish at The Wonderland, a Taiwanese restaurant on campus:"
"I have never had to make lunches. Using a creche arrangement for all preschool, a chef came with the deal. I had to place an empty lunch box in to the kitchen and that's it."
"At moments like this, I wish I was the type of person to swill cheap gin early in the morning. After all, it's stupid somewhere, right?"
"On March 16, 2010, I attended a meeting of Physics Northwest (PNW) where I presented one of the demonstrations I use to illustrate electromagnetic induction & magnetic braking. You take a large slab of high-conductivity, oxygen-free copper (mine is 10 inches in diameter & 1 inch thick) and place a very strong neodymium magnet atop it (my magnet is one from www.wondermagnet.com). As the magnet moves in the vicinity of the copper conductor, there is a changing magnetic flux through the copper which – in accordance with Faraday’s Law – will induce eddy currents within the copper disk. These eddy currents then interact with the magnetic field of the magnet, producing – through the right(left)-hand-rule – a force which opposes the original motion of the magnet."
"I'd cut your bread in shapes."
"As I make changes around here, I'm tossing around the idea of changing my blog's name, too... Is this a really bad idea?? The reason I'm considering this is because the focus of my blog is evolving a bit. When I started writing, I had a focus and the name of my blog reflected that. As my life evolved, so did le blog and it's focused widened - it kind of became a jane-of-all-trades lifestyle blog where I talked about whatever tickled my fancy in the moment (case in point: this post). But my life is evolving yet again and as it does, I want my blog to return to a specific focus. As I process and work through changes to le blog, a name change is beginning to seem necessary. But you tell me: will that throw you off? Annoy you? Do share and please be honest. I don't want to charge ahead without thinking of you, my dear readers!"
"“Do you know any jokes?”"
"Ahh, they grow up so quickly, those young ‘uns, don’t they?"
"When I was little, I was always the \"good girl.\""
"Karl at writing at Hot Air nails it! Thomas E. Mann and Norman J. Ornstein are ignoring the biggest problem of all created by the Democrats –Run Away Spending"
"Being a stay at home mother and college student, you can imagine how tight my funds are. I am writing this post because I need help realizing this dream."
"I note for the sake of completeness that in spite of the alleged induction of some sort of monkey-autism-via-vaccines, these monkeys appeared to survive on a diet containing casein -- 40% casein, as a matter of fact -- and biscuits containing wheat gluten. Just wondering why the autistic enterocolitis didn't afflict these poor macaques in spite of that MMR vax. Poor macaques that, by the way, were removed from their mothers at birth and kept separate from each other with no physical contact. And for what? To test them with the carefully selected -- oh, let's just call it cherry picked, shall we? -- \"1994-1999 vaccine schedule.\" I'd like to see the IACUC justification for this one."
"And here you can see the inside of the card where you can leave some love to the recipient."
"this week was a chaos week."
"Elizabeth Wilmshurst, former Deputy Legal Adviser to the FCO"
"Before: nervous, happy, delusional but gonna do it!"
"To the guy that says \"Newcastle doesn't want the EDL\"."
"Leave a comment and let me know how you like the new look my blog. Enjoy the Ham and Potato Soup – and enjoy the beauty of spring!"
"ok well here you go then, heres your damn picture!"
"absence … makes the heart grow fonder"
"Note: I work for SharedBook"
"Until then comrades!"
"So here you can see it all ready to go into the oven at 375 F for about 1 and a half hours. The rabbit is all wrapped up in it’s bacon basket, sitting on it’s bed of veggies and its getting the chicken stock poured over it as its last finishing touch."
"Pending Sales activity is fairly low at 1 home under contract but it’s an indication of continued Buyer activity (and upcoming sales) for the neighborhood."
"Now I have to confess, I don’t always follow the Reaction Rule. The difference is that I know I’m making an error and put it in anyway. In the end I usually just restructure that error to make it correct or cut it. That’s probably for the best."
"was shamed"
"Hope you guys are doing well, we're just finalizing all the little details for the wedding (22 days!!) and staying busy - as always."
"I clear the counters, filling the dirty pots with water and placing them elegantly on the stove, and pile the dishes in the sink. I sweep, mop and tidy up."
"Originally from Red Deer, Alta., Smith was 24 and had been taking LSD and drinking when he and Rodney Munro marched the two men into the woods where Munro stabbed one of them and Smith shot them both in the head."
"First and foremost, my work with the labor party (lpp): The amazing thing about working with them was that I met communities - home based workers in Gadap, revolutionaries from Landhi, flood affectees from Sajawal, hard core union organizers who possess stamina for 8 hour meetings. The bad thing was that I was from this side of the bridge, and as an elite, I too often and unwittingly succumbed to the limitations of inter class collaboration. I was too often called to the pulpit, given respect I did not earn, asked to join the Congress. But when I demanded I do hands on work such as filing lawsuit for our comrades who were killed in a road traffic accident caused due to state neglect of roads and lack of hospitals near highways, I was shut down. Where my personal skills could be useful, these were ignored."
"full coats on about half of the shutters that day (I was doing a lot of maneuvering of junk in the garage to paint in there) and the other half got their third coat the next morning. I made sure to finish the porch shutters the night before so I could get those back on the house the next morning. Here’s"
"Anna also loves dogs. Thank goodness! It would have been a real fuckup if she loved cats. Or parrots. Or any non-dog animal."
"The main story also recalls the past, with its roots in the Cold War. To say much more than that would reveal too much of the plot. If you like your whodunits to get on with the story and not have much introspective reflection, then perhaps you'd better wait for the Readers Digest condensed edition to come out. But I thought this was one of Mankell's better books."
"First let’s take care of the basil. Following my mother’s advice, I do not wash the basil leaves, or else they would lose their aroma. I wet a kitchen towel with hot water, I squeeze the water out and with the damp towel I wipe the basil leaves. Then, I let the leaves dry completely."
"He is improving day by day but still his great weakness in his left arm and leg. His handwriting is coming back to normal, and his voice is improving. The messages we received were very heartfelt and sometimes emotional, expressing the impact that John’s work has had on so many lives. People can send more messages to us if they want and we’ll see that they get them. Email to jerryaero@aol.com."
"Phil's \"good side\". :)"
"$4 BOURBON AND VODKA MIXES"
"Though I haven't been sewing much, I did make it out to a quilt show this weekend (thanks to a very proud daddy who pushed the stroller and chatted with all the nice ladies at the show who wanted to know all about the baby). I picked up a few treasures."
"\"Hi Greenie, how are you?\""
"The aroma from the oven was so fresh and light; I couldn’t wait to eat!"
"So what are His plans for me? I have no flipping clue. But I do know that I need to be better about trusting in Him and His guidance. I'm not entirely sure what that entails, but it can only be good."
"To all the mothers and mothers in training out there (Baby boom here at work...this is why I'm not drinking the water here)..."
"Lysius got to the place he was by self-assertion. He paid much to start with. In joining the military, he worked p through the ranks and was the envy of his fellow soldiers. I am reminded of the comment concerning Abraham in Romans 4:2."
"RECOMMENDATION: Great zombie stuff! Must see!"
"It’s a book full of emotion, happiness, sadness and just plain joy. I think that Cathy has understandably captured all feeling into this book. She’s a remarkable woman, being able to express huge amounts of love to Alice but being balanced and honest about her future."
"Meanwhile, their place in the student trenches is taken by more Home-Counties Hillaries on a three-year stretch. It's like a First World War opera by Philip Glass - slight tweaks to the same theme, with some modulation but no development. And then you graduate."
"Image: Dr Christiaan Barnard"
"My husband added some wood and brackets to the bottom of the piece as to raise it up a bit. At first he just added the brackets but soon found out wood was needed as well. So after all of that we got it in place, and I really like the look. Of course if and when I decide to paint the walls we will have to move it. HaHa :0"
"\"YOU."
"As I write this, I realize this applies to almost all learning, not just language. So these habits might help with the life-long learning that a happy and successful life requires. Do you recognize these steps from your own experience? When did you last consciously follow these steps? What happened?!"
"I'm always happy to hear of ways to help others through crafting. One way cardmakers can help a very worthy cause is to join in with the St Lukes Charity Challenge. This is a monthly challenge, with prizes, where you not only make a card, but also actually send it in along with any others you may have spare. The cards are sold to raise money for the St Lukes Hospice in Sheffield which cares for terminally ill people and offers support to their families. I think it's a great idea to help others by doing what we love!"
"And for Albertans, furious about the disastrous National Energy Program, this was an argument that resonated."
"Save $0.50 when you buy BOTH Betty Crocker SuperMoist Cake Mix AND Betty Crocker Ready to Spread Frosting (any flavors/varieties)."
"Us."
"So, when, I found a poem of hers -- Dream Five -- in my email box the other day like a small gift, I did what I always do: I coveted it."
"It was all the little touches that made my fall completely in love with it, like when you switch from dipped to raised headlights, normally there’s a micro second (and we’re talking probably less than tenth of a second) where you have no light at all between switches, but with the MX5, that didn’t happen, there were separate lights for raised use, so they just came on."
"I also used one of the same chargers that I have on the breakfast table and a set of matching coasters. Kind of gives the room a tropical look with the rush seats of the benches showing through the glass top of the table."
"Yes, my training plan is in Excel format."
"7. What do you take the most photos of?"
"Add the flours and beat until smooth."
"One of the gifts we saw was a vase given to the Great Leader, she told us, by the people of Cyprus. “It is a million years old,” she told us."
"Sirs, a four-piece punk band from upstate New York will release their first LP in July via Topshelf Records. The LP is the follow up to the band’s 2011 split release with the UK’s run, WALK!"
"The play itself is the tale of Ma Lu's (Zhang Nianhua) hopeless passion for Mingming (Qi Xi), who is herself in love with an abusive man who won't love her back. Ma Lu is a zookeeper, and his only confidant is a lone rhinoceros, to whom he addresses his confessional monologues. This dodgy love story is punctuated by satirical clowning scenes, in which the reckless individualism represented by Ma Lu and Mingming is counterpointed by the conventions of the state or market. There is, for example, a series of \"Love Tutorials\", in which young people are taught the proper expressions for love through Hollywood cliches and pop songs."
"1 TB ground flax seed (optional)"
"So, are you there yet?"
"\"Pub rock, the English roots rock movement of the early '70s, would never have earned a cult following if it wasn't for Brinsley Schwarz. Initially, Brinsley Schwarz was a rambling, neo-psychedelic folk-rock band that borrowed heavily from Crosby, Stills & Nash and the Grateful Dead. Following a disastrous publicity stunt to promote its debut album, the band went into seclusion outside of London and developed a laid-back, rootsy sound inspired by Eggs Over Easy, an American band that had been playing a mixture of originals and covers in English pubs. Following their conversion to pub rock, the Brinsleys ditched their pretensions of stardom and became a down to earth, self-effacing rock & roll band. Between 1971 and 1974, Brinsley Schwarz toured England innumerable times, playing pubs across the country. Along the way, they established a circuit for similar bands like Dr. Feelgood and Ducks Deluxe to follow. Though the group was nominally guitarist Brinsley Schwarz's band, bassist/lead vocalist Nick Lowe provided the bulk of the group's songs. Lowe developed a distinctive songwriting voice -- conversational, melodic, offbeat, and funny -- and the band was infused with his skewed sense of humor. Despite strong reviews and a dedicated fan base, the Brinsleys never managed to escape cult status, yet they influenced a legion of other artists, creating an underground, back-to-basics movement that laid the foundation for punk rock."
"LLL: Initiated? A single image – a dream sequence – which became the first sentences of the first draft, long discarded. The novel is finished but needs certain revisions which I’ve planned but will undertake as the serialisation progresses. There are also certain scenes which I cut from the much longer original version and which I may decide to restore in one form or another. As it now stands, it’s about 350 pages in length."
"2 tablespoons vanilla extract"
"The past couple of weeks have been chock full of highs and lows."
"I’m pretty sure a few of you thought they are confident women (ignoring the obvious of who they are) It has taken me some time to get round to being able to write this blog. It’s a bit like my Boys To Men blog that while the idea is in my head getting it out isn’t always as easy."
"Take advantage of only $1 shipping on all other items until March 31st 2010!"
"Deep inside I'm a softie. But you have to work through the layers. Recently I went out for a jog very early on a Sunday morning. I was working my way up a steep hill when the sun began to rise and all of a sudden Bach's \"Air\" came on my mp3 player. By the time I came down the hill on the other side my eyes were watered."
"It's the latest addition to the Sobel Wiki, Part 7 of Jonathan Edelstein's epic For All Nails vignette \"Victoria's Secret\". In today's vignette, the people of the former British colony of Victoria get ready for the upcoming Parliamentary elections, and for the trial of Victoria Madoka."
"Yet, I know my romanticizing of the East, is not the same as those who don’t have any family members from Asia. The photos of my mother, still young and pretty in her cheong-sam and striking a pose with her babies in Canada, is the beginning of why my dreams aren’t out to lunch."
"NELSON AND WINNIE MANDELA"
"I seek your face in the crowd."
"What else might the news presenter have been implying by her comment that there was a ‘pride issue for the soldiers’? There is a small chance that she was implying that having a mental breakdown is shameful. This is unlikely since today a fundamental shift in attitude is gradually taking place, and people are realizing that everyone is vulnerable to mental health challenges owing to the condition of being humanly fallible, and that people can and do recover."
"Knowing."
"Peanut has been talking since she was 2 months old and I am not exaggerating. Her first word at 8 weeks old was “mama”. She was speaking on a three- four year old level at 18 months. She apparently does not want to share that vocabulary at school. She is extremely quiet her teacher says. As soon as she gets in the car, she is nonstop chatterbox. She tells me all about her day. She is very independent at home. She is new to preschool this year where as all the other kids have been in some kind of program for a long time. She never participated in an Easter Egg hunt before but did quite well with her sister on Easter. She found 18 eggs all by herself. She builds these incredible things out of legos and blocks. She is in ballet and tap. She loves to run and jump and sing."
"“They were tiring, hot and more hassle than they were worth,” Forbis said of his artificial legs. Instead, he gets around by walking on his hands or using a custom-built titanium wheelchair."
"The new Giveaway seems to attract some attention, I promise that La Mia Boutique issue will not disappoint. I reduced the giveaway period to 2 weeks, it seems there is a lot of freebees I have to give to my lovely readers, that monthly draw is just not often enough! Good for you ))))"
"I stopped, turned..."
"CoM: Do you expect the course might evolve into generic smartphone photography?"
"The film hauls itself along at a snail's pace, further padded out by unnecessary dialogue between Lane and Poli. In fairness to D'Amato, his background work as a cinematographer shines throughout, scenes are perfectly framed and the camera work is crisp."
"I am an huge fan of the brilliant movie by Mel Brooks, Young Frankenstein. Like in the movie, I wish someone would hand me this:"
"You say: “I do not consent to a search”"
"So this year, as it counts down to midnight, I'll be in my living room watching the ball drop in Time Square, hearing \"Three!, Two!, One!\" and happy to have my family safe at home."
"Habits make us lazy, don't they? They make us function mechanically according to recurrent patterns. As soon as one of these patterns is disrupted, we get lost. As an experiment, you can try repeating aloud the lyrics of a song you know by heart without actually singing and much more slowly. Difficult, isn't it? Yes, because we broke a pattern; we broke a habit, and our mind is not used to novelty!"
"The heartbeat grew faint under the bowel’s whale song."
"Friends, I have Cathy with me today and she is happy to respond to all of your beauty comments and questions, if any. Like all of us, she's a work in progress and open to improvement."
"Wanting to sleep longer and more often than usual."
"“We’d better not light any torches, then,” said Hermel."
"However, I also feel strongly that not every moment in a child's life has to be one of active learning. They need down time too, just like adults. If I were a parent of a child in school, I would be a lot more concerned with how much time my child is forced to sit down, sit still, pay attention, than with how much time he chooses to spend in front of a screen. At least in the latter situation, he's always free to get up and go to the bathroom or get a snack or stretch his legs."
"The DT and our GD are all sparkly and twinkly after getting out our glitters for this one and there's plenty here to inspire"
"Only reapers, reaping early,"
"I had a fantastic response to my button post so I know a lot of you are as addicted to buttons as me! NoodleBubble is running a fab button swap on her blog which I've just signed up to. Pop over and have a look!"
"This is something I’ve just read and thought I should share it here. First on the list in spotting a manipulative person is:"
"Speaking of which, the ending inspired in me such anger, anxiety, and various negative emotions within me – after finishing the book, I sat there for a whole twenty minutes, blabbing on about a lack of closure and how my copy must have been damaged because that seriously could not have been the ending. But, unfortunately, it was – and I’m fairly sure that it was intended to be as lacking in closure and lacking in mercy as it was. To some extent, it was happy and sufficient, but to another extent, it felt incomplete, like the author had taken the easy way out. It was just … disheartening, I suppose, that the ending was so vague whereas everything had been so lovingly detailed."
"Lying on her back, she lets out a long sigh. “Dear Lord, Where is this incredible journey you have me on going to take me? You gave me the strength to escape my horrible marriage. You delivered me from cancer. Then you plop me into the middle of Tucker’s life. And now you’ve given me the blessing of April. Help me to not be selfish in my attitude and feelings toward this little angel. Give me wisdom to know what to do and say with her. And protect us all. In Jesus name, Amen.”"
"slaps your calf signals you"
"Several weeks ago, President Brodhead traveled to New York as part of his \"A Duke Conversation\" series. I attended the event, which featured a stimulating discussion overseen by the president and including one Duke professor and two students."
"“The best lesson which we get from the tragedy of Cerebella is that Husain and his companions were rigid believers in God. They illustrated that the numerical superiority does not count when it comes to the truth and the falsehood. The victory of Husain, despite his minority, marvels me!”"
"Not a great place for hiking (it only took my 10 minutes to get in...and that was in the dark) but there is a great 300 foot long gorge that just makes for great photography. And with the fall leaves swirling in the water...I felt like a little boy who had been granted permission to get dirty."
"We would walk until the night came and the stars became our audience."
"Yet another use for the bias tape tool -straps. I love this tool. It makes neat folds, saves your fingers from getting burned by the steam of the iron, and saves time."
"can be endearing, but she can also be a self-righteous little pain in the ass, especially in her attempted"
"Once on board (to my fellow passengers: sorry about the smell), the train speeds across the New Forest, and, as the sun disappears below a heathland horizon, I catch a glimpse of a group of four fallow deer – a final treat, and a perfect end to the day."
"Sharon Balkcom, 43, White Plains, N.Y."
"The attitude and the hopefully good intentions?"
"I was hoping that Kevin would be home to take them trick or treating for the first time. There will be many years ahead I'm sure."
"That all I’m able to do"
"The next stage was to construct ‘footings’ for the vertical risers which would support the helix structure. Referring to the article, this will be made from 2×1 DAR with notches cut about 12mm into the edge, spaced at the required separation distance."
"over it if you like. I don’t need any of it now. Still, there are"
"Honestly, I love that R. Gregory Christie created the art for this book. I’m one of Greg’s biggest fans. Greg’s wonderful art is perfect for this project. When I look at the art for this book, I and can’t help but smile. Greg’s naive folk art style nods towards Bill Traylor’s own art style. And what author would complain about having a three-time Coretta Scott King award recipient illustrate their book?"
"John Gaskin – Party Talk"
"Anyway, once that's done they take that hose out and then stick another different hose up there that has a fiber optic camera in it. It has a little headlight on it too; and what it lights up is shore nuff red, like I've been saying, and shiny, too. Theres all these little red spidery veins all over the place. To tell the truth though, it pretty much looks like guts. Or one of those party balloons that are all lumpy and are about 2 ft long? If one of those was big enough to walk inside of, and the inside was all covered with wet spar varnish, and was red, and had scary eyeball veins, then that's exactly what it looks like."
"Another random bit of family history came to me this week from my dad's sister: \"You may not know this bit of family trivia, but your great grandmother, when she came to America as John's wife, was unable to bring much with her. She did however bring a tea pot and teaspoons and some linen napkins. I'm sure she was horrified when she saw the Nebraska home where she was supposed to live and raise a family. Probably having things from England helped her to adjust.\""
"\"But as Adams interprets the new guidelines, this would no longer be possible in this shoe box-sized cage. The guide seems to say that its 75 square inches is big enough only for one mother and her babies, plus one other adult.\" The cruelty of our government breaking up families!"
"Sunday March 18 – Show Open – 10am to 5pm"
"None, no force, no one on this earth"
"Back again."
"02 Sons Of Pioneers"
"Went to church for the first time (more on that to come later!)"
"(Mark 15:3-5)"
"\"I want to read it because it is new. I need to read it because it is new.\" (p. 61)"
"There are many such shops on the path of metaphysical philosophy. Places that offer lots of gifts. A spiritual path full of lovely colors, sights and sounds that connect me with Spirit. Practices that let me get actively involved with understanding my purpose on a deeply personal level. My gratitude for Divine Spirit having led me to this path increases every day. My gratitude too for the wonderful, world wide web . . . for bringing me all this lovely knowledge."
"Well, perhaps so, but throwing $700 billion at banks who can’t pay off their debts is not the way the market should work, either. Taking the assets and customers of small banks that have gone broke and giving them to big banks which are propped up with government money, making “too big to fail” even bigger, is not the way the market should work. Throwing money at auto manufacturers who have gone bankrupt as a result of their own stupidity is not the way the market should work. Having interest rates set at essentially zero by the Fed for several years is for damn sure not the way the market should work."
"Forgotten mornings when he walked with his mother"
"Because there is a Power Wheels mentality, a publishing scenario we all dream about—a multi-book deal for a butt load of money from a major Big Six house, with marketing and tours and high profile blurbs and foreign sales and every bell and whistle imaginable."
"Monkey: Journey To The West"
"*EDIT*"
"I used the \"It's Valentines\" stamp set from K. Andrew Designs. Remember that Kristal's stamps are made here in the USA and that a portion of the proceeds from each set is donated to charity. You can purchase this great set of stamps by clicking on the image below."
"John is and non-the-less understand the importance"
"The aboriginal car you’ll physique is about a Jet Ski. Afore you can go anywhere, you’ll accept to in actuality draw your advance appliance the stylus. With your advance plotted, you’ll yield ascendancy of the Jet Ski, which you can move angular with the stylus and is apparent from a behind-the-back perspective. Admitting your advance is fixed, there are still obstacles and enemies that you accept to contrivance and rings to collect. You can tap on the awning to boost, and there are ramps that you accept to achieve tricks off of by authoritative a specific action with the stylus. Eventually you’ll acquisition that the aqua bang doesn’t accept abundant range, at which point you’ll accept to physique your next vessel. There are four altered cars in total, anniversary with its own ascendancy schemes and its own altered abilities that achieve it best ill-fitted for specific routes. The hovercraft is a lot of agnate to the Jet Ski, admitting with a added focus on abhorrent abilities. In the case of the barge and the submarine, you don’t in actuality ascendancy the abode at all, instead annoying abandoned about battlefront weapons at admission enemies. These traveling sequences are adapted little interludes amid the accustomed levels, admitting they’re never any bigger than the antecedent Jet Ski."
"We have been told (true or false) that English is now taught in all North Korean schools."
"Related to street photography denotations are the more objective elements of a content that is there for everyone to see and agree on. Connotations could be described as the psychological impressions that comes along. Often more subjective than what is denoted."
"I'm falling even more in love with you"
"So, back to the book promos as I have taken some time away from that, too. But, for those paying attention, the press release just went out today so now the fine citizens of NYC and LA, be warned. Mike Feldman is about to invade your lives, too! Here I come! Annie, get your gun! Yee-haw!"
"Judge Ron McLaren interdicted the respondent, Philani Bha Ndlovu, or anyone acting for him, from entering the property until finalisation of the matter on November 21."
"It is not often that a wave blocks a mountain from view. In fact, I don’t think I have ever seen it before. This splash has to be at least 100 feet high if it is an inch. I also love the dark tones of the image. You really feel that poor guy is risking his life for a great image. I guess he made the 5 o’clock news. Oier has a really cool style to his images. Check out anyone of his sites below to see what I mean."
"Once again, with the greatest respect to the representative and her leadership post in Congress, I suggest that she does not understand very well what her religion—which happens to be mine as well—says about discrimination."
"Men need to align to this feminine energy more, and become softer and more gentler, women need to encompass all the feminine traits in a more rounded balanced way,…Jesus carried this pose in abundance,and although a man was in total alignment with the feminine source. The so-called “Womens Liberation ” movement of the 60.s the burn your bra brigade was essentially the moment in time when women were meant to find themselves and align with this energy..unfortunatly the idea got hijacked by out of control egotistic male basher,s and led many women down a path more aligned for men..as a consequence many young girls of today have lost their sense of femininity and have moved towards the more egotistical male way of life…A prime example of this was the female British prime minister Margaret Thatcher, instead of changing the old way of male self-destruction egotistical ideas, and bringing in more softer, feminine healthy ways..she in fact took British politics to verge of fascism and with the nasty traits of greed, selfishness, and coldness..women are such an important part in the resurrection of love and compassion and need to ditch this unhealthy male induced life style and realign with their much more healthy and enhancing female spirit..especially women in the western world..Eastern women need to be liberated of the male domination over them…but the key is a balance of softness and strength…warrior women and devout female.women have no reason to outdo men, that is pure bs and ego driven..they can do far more things than men are ever capable of..certaintly more then I can do..go forth and do them and do them well , the time for a united mother is upon us..Gaia the earth mother goddess will embrace all of us..her feminine energy is pure and powerful."
"Titles"
"I give this a Three and a Half out of Five Survivors"
"If giving you my password means I’ll be considered for a position, I’ll be walking out of the interview and telling you what you can do with your job. And if you’re my employer, you already have access to all my accounts that belong to you. You can’t have access to my personal stuff. Think about that word: PERSONAL. You ran a background check on me before you hired me. The Feds did too when I worked in public service. You can have my password when you pry it out of my cold dead brain. Until then, kiss my ass."
"So, when you set up your article, short story or book template, make sure you include double-spaced text. Whilst double-spaced text is no longer required for the publication process, it's what writers have been doing for years and what many publishers continue to ask for today."
"Its harsh words I know, but a high-jacker does not ask whether you're a Doctor or a pimp, a Dominee or a witch, all he sees is your white skin and your car. In fact he sees you're not black period. Coloureds, Indians, everyone of a colour other than black in this country is under threat."
"He was one of the residents I truly enjoyed interacting with on the days I worked."
"S xx"
"“And Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.”"
"I went back to the shop again in the afternoon, as I was dying to try the food."
"His plan for the economy is to \"inspire\" Pakistanis to pay tax – currently only 2% do so. \"We just need to have some austerity and collect taxes. If we do that, we can balance our budgets,\" he said."
"Internationalization"
"The first thing that strikes us both is the loss of Ian and Barbara. The Doctor is getting better at saying goodbye to his companions, but as an audience member I truly feel the programme will never be the same without the terrific twosome."
"This week’s show is a two-hour special and features three segments. In each, a computer is used to compare performers. The first segment pits professional singers against other entertainers who are good at singing in a karaoke battle. Then, Kanjani8 takes on a team of strong singers in a karaoke battle. Finally, Kanjani8 goes up against a team of artists (so described – アーチスト) in a rhythm contest (i.e. drumming)."
"it's kind of pointless (unless you like that sort of thing-the prostitute NOT the dentist)"
"The data don’t capture why a killer felt threatened, or whether the victim was armed. In about 60 percent of justifiable-homicides in which the relationship between victim and killer was known, the pair were strangers. Among all homicides, when races differed, the victim was more often white. In justifiable-homicide cases, the opposite was true: The victim was more often black. Criminologist James Alan Fox of Northeastern University said that difference “is certainly, on the face of it, something that needs to be explored. Could it be an element of racism? You can’t necessarily assume that.” The full article is available only to paid subscribers."
"This song is structurally beautiful and has a very unique way of drifting between two key centers, C and Eb. It starts off with a refrain over an alternation of C major, C major with a suspended fourth, and the same C major with the suspended fourth and an added flat seventh (all over a C pedal bass). After a few repetitions of this, the harmony breaks away to an Eb major seventh chord. This is then followed by Bb major, which turns out to be the dominant chord in our secondary key of Eb."
"At the heart of the Lion will be sunk in the sea at dawn."
"If you find the job profile as per your needs then apply to pooja.Bhatt.del@sampoorna.com . If you feel that this job opening is unsuitable for your skill set or experience level please ignore this mail."
"Watching the Company dancers in class is equivalent to delving deep into the inner workings of the Company – it is an incredibly revealing glimpse at the work ethic and discipline of each dancer as well as the sensibility and individuality with which they work."
"#1. Washington. $65,000. Total Production was $150,000, but we’re focusing on new growth. They did better in first six month than the total production of some states. They are about tied with Hawaii at 95 total agents. Redmond. $35,000 Renton, Tacoma, Olympia, Lynnwood and Spokane all put in. They are really starting to cover that state well."
"I spent $120 to reupholster two chairs, TIP INCLUDED! ;) This was a great deal considering it would cost me around $500 to reupholster the wingback in town."
"On whether any fraud has been detected or criminal charges filed against any Sime Darby employees, Musa said that would depend on the findings of the working group and their special consultants, which is still “work in progress.”"
"Next time your wife asks you to hold her or to say something sweet to her, take that opportunity to surprise her with you romanticism! What are some of your ‘pre-game strategies?’"
"“Just because I’m over fifty doesn’t mean I don’t surf the net,” she said, running her finger quickly over the screen."
"Saying Bismillah before doing anything good or doing deeds, charity, eating, etc is an easy way to mention Allah’s name. Here are a few examples of when to say Bismillah:"
"Tammy and I spent Friday cruising the grounds at the Minnesota State Fair. We caught a bus from the Burnsville transit station and paid $5 for round trip tickets for us each. We planned to be back around 6 or 7 that night but we were having too nice of a time to pack it in so soon. I called my neighbor Mark to see if he could possibly let the pups out for us and he was kind enough to do that and would accept payment in the form of a pale of Sweet Martha's Cookies. He was only joking but I thought it made for a nice trade-off."
"My own holy trinity of mind-body-spirit is very much in alignment these days and after 40 years of NOT the serenity that comes with getting here and being here is very much part of the joy of life. My biggest complaint these days is the my neck gets sore easily, that my joints click and make odd noises sometimes, and that I'm getting wrinkles in places that I'd rather not. But otherwise - that's it."
"Slow motion is better than no motion."
"Some time back I created a man. I called him Sardonic Scholar. He was a busy body who send unsolicited mail to people on my contact list. At the time, I believed that people would find his point of view more acceptable if it was coming from a man. I think differently now. If you're interested in hearing what my alter ego has to say (more like 'has had to say') go here"
"meaning to life. Yet all cultures develop"
"It wasn’t the usual brief clip but they actually spent about 3 minutes on this story, completely slamming this kid and his family. I honest to god thought Kate Campbell must be sleeping with the right people. And now tonight it has gone to air again and yet again my heart started pumping and I started to rant and rave at no one before taking it out on a friend on Twitter."
"But spicy the salami was, and deliciously so with the airy, piped fat worms of white ricotta cheese and colourful strips of cooked capsicum. In this case, the topping flavours were all there, leaving just the base languishing for a little more love."
"It’s funny…everyone here (in Dallas) keeps talking about summer coming, summer vacation, summer this and summer that. It’s quite confusing because it’s warm here. In the 80s and 90s already. And to me, that’s summer. I feel like it is summer already just because of the weather. When people talk about summer, as in it is coming up, I have to stop and think about what month we are in. Now that it is May, I feel a little better about thinking we’re in the summer months. But man, in March and April, I was very confused! I’m glad that’s over!!"
"And we really don’t know anything. Not even her birth date. The day we celebrate her birth, June 26th, is only a guess. A heartbreaking speculation for the day our child was born into this world."
"While the U.S. achieved savings in freight and warehouse costs due to the decreased volume, those savings were more than offset by the decline in shipping and handling revenue previously mentioned."
"Readers have inquired as to why I stepped-down as as editor of Bp. Williamson's \"Eleison Comments\" a couple of weeks ago. It is with no little amount of regret that I made this move to step away after roughly 18 highly rewarding months helping, in my own small way, Bp. Williamson to fulfill his duty as a Catholic bishop to preach and defend the faith."
"Happy Mother's Day (belated I know) to all the mums out there - may your days be filled with cuddles and kisses and precious handmade gifts,"
"The second device? Haneke turns the tables once more, denying us those same pleasures the villains are exacting from their victims. We don't see a thing below the neck when the mother is forced to undress. We don't see any gunshots save the one that is undone seconds later. Haneke is teasing us, calling us sick and then denying us our gratification. In doing so, he walks a fine line - is he crowing over how much smarter he is than his audience? (This is why I stopped watching Todd Solondz movies.) Or is he earnestly trying to break things up, to get us to acknowledge the way in which we receive media and are manipulated by it?"
"19. Kai (predebut) & Taemin"
"I have been eye-ball deep in a new term for almost four weeks now and what I have come to know is that my best teaching days have nothing to do with curriculum. My best days are the ones when I’m tough, filled with loving my kids so fiercely that nothing slips by, so filled that we all go home a little rattled, a spark resonating. My best days are the ones when everyone has voice, when we take time to step away, to cry, to yell, to belly laugh, to sit in silence, to reflect, to nod our heads towards each other, to ask each other how we are doing and to listen to the reply or to play a game of ball. These are the best days. These are the beautiful days."
"… But nowhere to live."
"So....I will begin my blogging break this week and continue to the first of August. I hope that those of you who follow me will come back then. I am sure I will go around visiting when I first get back so that I can catch up on your news and to let you know that I am blogging again."
"Sauteed Baby Artichokes with Garlic"
"Can you forgive me?"
"A lot of my step mom’s family was already there when I arrived. More trickled in."
"Featuring talented songwriters from around the globe, the Songsalive!"
"wheeled suitcases they allow on board, along with a small backpack for me, and our camera equipment backpack for him."
"use resources wisely,"
"whether your"
"I get a compulsive lying man who disappears instead of communicates and that is supposed to be a win for me."
"Fill cupcake liners about 3/4 of the way and bake 25 to 30 minutes, until a toothpick inserted in the center of a cupcake comes out with a few crumbs attached. Cool in pan for 5 minutes, and transfer to a wire rack to cool completely. Frost when cool."
"So that's one massive check on my vacation To-Do list! The KING quilt is finished, so it's time to get cracking on some of these other projects floating around the sewing room. The next focus is to get my two UFO goddesses finished and another 2 designed on paper."
"Oh my goodness, it has been a LONG time since I have had time to update my blog so you know this will be a long post trying to do a little catching up. I have been creating like a mad woman but time has not been a friend lately. Okay I will admit that August was not a productive month for crafting but I did AMAZING work on my tan in Montauk. Montauk is located at the very end of the south fork of Long Island and is the best part of the Hampton's if you ask me."
"As I have written elsewhere, UK eDiscovery solutions provider CY4OR has recently acquired the business of eOrigin. That brought with it Nick Pollard as CY4OR’s new head of eDiscovery together with eOrigin’s role as a Digital Reef partner. Nick Pollard said of the new Digital Reef program:"
"In fact, yours truly is an accidental tech week participant. She began in a very round-about way by volunteering to READ with third-graders in Merrick's Montessori classroom. See Merrick, above, as definition of Absolute Perfection."
"We need to find a shipping company."
"* The Underdark Gazette has been taken down from public view, and therefore my links may not work for you. However, James told me that anybody interested in seeing the old material directly may request access by contacting James via email at dmkastmaria at gmail dot com. See also his current blog, Dreams of Mythic Fantasy."
"Then a cocktail,"
"Cardstock - White and dark blue"
"28th - 31st January, 11am to 7pm"
"I merged these two digis using word, Zoe has a great tutorial on doing this and its SOOOOO easy! Anyway, I printed onto kraft cardstock so that I could have another play with my new polychromos pencils, did I mention I have 120 of them? LOL! I’m having so much fun with them my copics are being neglected."
"night"
"You’re saying that we don’t spare charity for those in need? Who are you to think that?"
"Ryan: well we enacted McCain-Feingold so"
"Unfortunately (?) I cannot say anything about his outfit but the necklace looks gorgeous and beyond Ipanema! Must to be a trend all those black and white ads...I like it."
"(49) The “time of the End” for the writer of Daniel was, of course, the writer’s own time—the time of the persecution under Antiochus IV Epiphanes—and thus he was representing his work as being a message from the past that was presumably discovered in his own day."
"The story was an alien invasion sort of thing: One group of aliens has come to escape the other group of aliens, who are intent on occupying Earth. The first group must defend the helpless planet against the evil aliens while keeping alive themselves. The Earth-is-a-battleground-for-supernatural-powers thing."
"1 model"
"And I can't buy into the \"two wrongs don't make a right\" argument. In other words, just because we approve of slave labor in Sri Lankan textile mills, shouldn't mean that we should approve of fur coats. That train of thought is invalid in my book. With a single sentence it sweeps under the rug all of society's crimes, but feels okay with fixating on a single one."
"When I saw an experiment involving cow manure and two-liters (a two-liter bottle figures prominently in one scene in the first book), I knew I had the perfect project around which to build the story."
"- One of the most significant advances this year has been capturing three county council seats on June 4th. This is a tremendous breakthrough for the Party into an entirely new tier of government and gives us a massive boost of credibility. County council seats are huge and immensely hard to win — the local election equivalent of winning a Parliamentary constituency sized seat."
"Tamara Himmelstrand said she used to experience the daily disapproval of stay-at-home moms in Sweden."
"reading, and owners of tablets and e-book readers particularly stand out as reading more now. Some 41% of tablet owners and 35% of e-reading device owners said they are reading more since the advent of e-content. Fully 42% of readers of e-books said they are reading more now that long-form reading material is available in digital format. The longer people have owned an e-book reader or tablet, the more likely they are to say they are reading more: 41% of those who have owned either device for more than a year say they are reading more vs. 35% of those who have owned either device for less than six months who say they are reading more."
"It’s all about tradition. Concepts such as marriage and the like are almost as old as society and civilised living itself. To modernise them after they’ve been the same (or at least similar) for so long would be to break with years, decades, centuries of tradition."
"Quiscover Fontaine made the perfect start to his career when landing the valuable Goffs Land Rover Bumper at the 2008 Punchestown Festival. Sent novice hurdling the following season, he won three times over two miles. After winning his first two starts over fences in early 2010, he contested the Grade One Arkle Trophy Chase at the Cheltenham Festival and ran a fair race to finish sixth behind Sizing Europe, plugging on in the closing stages. He failed to build on that promising effort on his next three outings but appeared to appreciate a step up in trip when fourth to fellow John Smith’s Grand National contender Organisedconfusion in the 2011 Irish Grand National. On his three most recent outings, he has run over hurdles, winning at Leopardstown over Christmas and finishing down the field when last seen out in the valuable boylepsports.com Hurdle at Leopardstown on January 28."
"My friend, maybe that is you: The verdict has been passed and your dreams have been shattered: These are but a few examples:"
"They heard about Simon on the news and contacted me about featuring her as the Pet of the Day."
"I got on a kick with my Mesh Pumpkin Wreath, and then my second Mesh Pumpkin Wreath (I should have seen a problem forming.) I was blind to it though and let my mind run away with all of the things I wanted to do with mesh. Every holiday would have mesh draped upon it in some form or fashion!"
"Oh. My! This Cookies and Cream Frosting is absolutely amazing! My daughter wanted vanilla frosting on her cup cakes for her birthday party, but when I walked past a lovey package of Oreos at the store, the wheels in my head started spinning. The result of the spinning wheels in my head isn't always good. I guess I got lucky this time. :)"
"I promised the girls at Treehouse Textiles that I would put together a quick tutorial about how to sew your square blocks into a quilt top. If you are new to quilting it is fun to research the different ways other quilters do things (via blogs, you tube, etc) and then work out which way best suits you. So this is the way I do it...."
"I remember her 35th birthday as if it were yesterday. We had a small celebration that day, just a few close friends. She knew it would be her last, and we wanted to make it special for her. Not too much fanfare, just a small gathering of the people who mattered most to her. Later that evening, Jill and I were sitting out on the back porch talking about life, laughing about stupid things, sharing \"remember the time...\" stories from our childhood. Then she looked at me and our eyes locked for a long moment. Tears welled up in her eyes, and she said, \"Thanks for always being there for me.\" Her head was bald from chemotherapy, scarred and bandaged from surgery; her face was worn and weathered from treatment after treatment; but her eyes were still as deep and beautiful and full of life as when we were kids. In my mind, all those scars and bandages fell away, and I saw the same Jill I'd known my whole life. In that moment there were no scars, no bandages, no tears, no cancer. Just Jill. The image of her face in that moment is burned into my memory forever. Those are the kinds of moments I never want to forget."
"Ever since studying the technology adoption lifecycle years ago in my Intro to Mass Comm class, I’ve envied the innovators and even the early adopters. These are the ones who joined Facebook before it was a thing, the ones who know how to use new operating systems before they’re even officially released. They could easily list PhotoShop as their second language."
"I was pretty excited to check out Glassworks Louisville's walk-in workshop and see what they had to offer, so Kyle and I headed over there with plans to distract ourselves from all the Ironman hoopla. Unfortunately, the experience wasn't as fun and relaxing as we had hoped, but we still managed to get a few good pieces made and have a couple of chuckles along the way. Below are some pictures from our crafty adventure........."
"Sweating, stressed and not even nearly amused we walked back to the van to get the puppy out and you can imagine my surprise when I opened the door and couldn't see her - she was gone! We ran round the garden trying to find where she had gone searching high and low, in the chicken shed, under all the bushes, behind the house, I eventually heard a faint cry and ran over to find that she had sniffed out a dead rabbit in the corner of the garden and obviously drawn to it by the awful smell had took a step too many any tumbled into the brambles. She was now completely hidden by the thorny bushes and the nettles! Jean scrambled through the brambles and rescued Elf who was quickly taken indoors and out of harms way!!"
"I was the last person in the world to hear the song. If not the last but close to the last because I heard the song on a television program three years ago, a contest to discover the lead singer for a band of super stars - hence Super Nova. His name was Lukas Rossi and as he performed this Radiohead classic the hair on my arms stood on end. I imagine it is only a two minute version, but I was electrified."
"I had the opportunity to meet and interact with Tunku Aziz in April 2007 during Projek Amanat Negara IV, a series of talks organised by the UKEC in London. Apart from being very warm, Tunku Aziz struck me as someone who truly cared about Malaysia. I also recall him mentioning that he was at the Padang for that historic moment when Tunku Abdul Rahman made that now famous proclamation: “Merdeka! Merdeka! Merdeka!”"
"- white buttercream icing"
"2 T apple cider vinegar"
"That had me immediately preparing the Duvel Comparator Scale to see where abouts on that it fits. It's the same strength (8.5% ABV) and the aroma has the same sort of sweet and juicy fruits: mandarins and a little bit of peach or white plum. On tasting, however, I found it much closer to my memories of La Chouffe and its distinctive white pepper flavour."
"The raid took place on Wednesday and the officers were allegedly searching for documents relating to the report."
"Second don't work in the garden when it is wet. Some plants, like beans, have a greater disease transmission when you touch the wet plants. It is best to stay out of the bean patch when it is damp. Wait to pick until the leaves dry off."
"Taste a bite and give a one-word review. In some cases, a second word was also allowed. In emergencies, a third. The second and third words are set apart in parentheses."
"Most frightening of everything in this FSB report, however, is the reply Putin gave to Russia’s top generals yesterday when asked what preparations should be made and he answered…. “Prepare for Armageddon.”"
"While sections 92B – E have come into force (dealing with other aspects of Internet service provider liability for copyright infringement), the entry into force of section 92A has been delayed on two occasions to allow for the formulation of a voluntary \"ISP Copyright Code of Practice\" (“the Code”) to provide guidance for Internet Service Providers (“ISPs”) and right-holders (“RH”) on how section 92A is the operate."
"Hello again, I’m breaking my silence. Part of the reason for it was that last week Chris, LLC and I jetted off to Malta for a last minute break. This was our first week long family holiday of three to somewhere hot, but not too hot, we’re talking the low 30s C / high 80s/low 90s F."
"Where to from here? Just knowing what foods work like dynamite to bust belly fat gives me a chance to be more choosy about the foods I eat daily. I'm planning to reward myself with a new camera as soon as I meet my goal. How will you lay this research onto your belly fat?"
"Oxford St, Bondi Junction"
"Saying sorry is hard. It takes a lot of courage and a fair amount of humility. When we say sorry we are saying that we know we've made a mistake and that we will try not to do it again. That's a big deal."
"But when it comes time to use that original amount of money for the project of which it was intended months or years later, the capital gains (profits) of that supposedly dormant money are separated from the original amount placed into the “holding account” and stay in the governments discretionary investment coffers and are then reinvested not for the benefit of the people, but for the wealth and profit of the corporate government. The problem and the inherent crime here is this – that profit is no longer considered tax-payer (public) owned money, since it was earned by investment or by accrued interest. That “extra money” goes elsewhere… mainly into other investments or funds which grease the pockets of the “in the know” politicians and corporations and other people and groups involved. Some open what are called “self insurance funds” and then draw dividends for themselves and their fellow conspirators for the rest of their political careers by insuring themselves with their own insurance funds. And the cycle goes on and on and on and on… and has for the last 70 years. And it has now reached the point where government owns it all!"
"Their family is soon split, his parent's separation announced matter-of-factly whilst dealing with a shopping list. The time that Karl Ove spends alone with his father is painfully intimate at times, as when he catches his father in moments when he thinks he is alone. Returning home early for example to find him nursing a bottle of wine (and making plenty of noise as he enters in order to announce his presence so that his father can clear it away) or another occasion when even his attempt at a noisy entrance cannot rise above the loud music to which his father is listening; eyes closed, head moving to and fro with the music, cheeks wet with tears. Young Karl Ove walks out unnoticed and leaves the house immediately. His father eventually removes himself to his own mother's seaside home where he slowly drinks himself to an early grave. It is the cleanup after his death which dominates the second half of the book and it is a truly stunning piece of writing that takes squalor and destruction and turns it into art."
"As a note for those who are praying for me, I have a recheck appointment on Tuesday in Michigan. I really would like to be feeling much better by Monday when I head up there. Brandon will be going with me since Scott is traveling in the South on furlough meetings. He may just end up doing most of the driving. Watch out Detroit!"
"But I'm happy with how the story turned out. The book is called THE DAY BEFORE and I'm celebrating it's release today!"
"This week was the most challenging yet for my photo-a-day project. Much like last week, the mixture of work and rain has made it relentlessly difficult to find either the time or the subject for taking photos."
"Repeat rows 1-3 of original leaf"
"Enjoy the weather where ever you are."
"I cooked this sweet and sour pork (kulo yoke) for my family's dinner before driving back to my hometown for Chinese New Year Celebration. This is one of my children favourite dish and I am sure your kids love this dish too."
"Although reports suggest that Rick Santorum gave a rather aggressive response to the Presidents treatment of the tragedy in Trayvon Martin shooting, the facts are that his response was in line with the Presidents’ and any other parents “There are a lot of people who have very perverted views of reality, and obviously have, as we see, people who do horrible things for seemingly senseless reasons. And I think it’s hard to generalize from one heinous act something that is, trying to make a bigger point out of it. And I think that’s probably what Newt was getting at, and to the president and to everyone that we need to be supportive for the family that’s going through this tragedy.” (Mediaite). In comments on the site Mediate in this article on this post notes: “twitter is exploding with comments about Santorum cursing at an NYT reporter. According to one of Mitt's operatives CBS has video.” (Mediaite Comments) – with Politico reporting Rick Santorum suggesting that a New York Time’s Reporters question was “bullshit” and a distortion of his remarks: “The notion that politicians don't swear is almost as entertaining as the faux shock whenever they do publicly. But, it never goes unnoticed, and it's not exactly common for recent presidential hopefuls.” Frankly, Rick Santorum, given the pounding he has taken from Romney, his being pigeonholed as a one-dimensional religious candidate (and perhaps through his inexperience on the GOP Presidential campaign trail giving some credence to that school of thought) it is amazing that is the only word he has uttered thus far. The language was a far cry from those others have used as far as being “crass”. This one remark should be filed under: “nothing to see move along here”, but chances are that it will make headlines for at least 24 hours – of course, there is competition in that regards."
"Pandemonium broke out in the tree. Birds of all kinds were shrieking at the hawk. Flying into his face and trying to get him to leave. Squirrels were running up fairly close and trying to lure the hawk away. Maybe there were nests in that area. I walked outside with my camera and tried to get a picture."
"Please check the buyer reviews & ratings of HP Pavilion DM4-1162US Entertainment Notebook PC Laptop 14.0-Inch Widescreen LED Display, Brushed Aluminum Finish, Intel Core i5-450M 2.40 GHz Processor with Turbo Boost Technology up to 2.66 GHz, 4 GB RAM, 320 GB HD, Windows 7 Home Premium, Up to 6.25 hours battery life on the merchant’s website by visit the link below."
"This soap-free cream cleanser is clinically proven to moisturize sensitive skin while gently cleansing away dirt, oil and make-up without over drying or causing redness. This is exactly what I need!"
"Mainly for safety from anyone who knows me really well!"
"Summers in India are long and hot. So hot that the soil parches up and few fruits or veggies survive. Summer in India is not a fun time. Nor a flavorful time. But there are exceptions to rules. I still recall, with lots of fun, my school years when summer vacation was a time of well-natured 'stealing' for me, my sister and all the kids in the neighborhood."
"“If it’s any of your business, GB, I’ve got an appointment with my doctor,” replied the ringmaster getting irritated. “I think I may have picked up a chest infection.”"
"I was deflated."
"Just above the line demarcating the pollution line was the moon. A thin crecent moon, and since the air was so clean up here, I could make out the dark side of the moon - where the earths shadow was falling. So, I could see the entire sphere of the moon - the lighted part and the showded part. Mesmerizing."
"He sat there watching the cove peacefully lying under the full moon’s shower of light. Its waves were rippling in the white light."
"no crime left for us sublime.."
"Health & Personal Care Stores"
"You would think after all this time that I would have it all figured out….. NOT ! I am still playing it all by ear."
"But there was one big difference…"
"The installation seems to have attracted a lot of people and the video above shares positive views by people who have interacted with it. One of the users mentioned that they could even change the scene in the window. It seems to be pretty engaging and wondering if they could have added some social elements to it including Facebook and Twitter to send information every time user scans or interacts with the installation using the eBay app, allowing users to share their experience online."
"G’Vine Ruby"
"polemic tactics wielded most skillfully by the Democrat Party: the"
"METHODOLOGY (as per NAR)"
"Processor AMD E-Series"
"Don't forget to count your blessings, praise God for your health, and be an encouragement to those who are facing difficult trials. Thanks so much!"
"Directions: Place a group of different animal cards on the chalk tray. Have the students name what animals that they see. Students hide their eyes while the teacher removes one animal card. Then the students look and guess which animal is missing. Who ever guesses right gets to remove an animal and have everyone guess \"Who's Missing\"."
"1 integrated"
"The Plan of Salvation McKnight is well aware that the typical evangelical plan of salvation emerges from the actual gospel. Nevertheless, he recognizes the deep seated problem that we’ve largely forgotten the story from which salvation has come. We’re left with a message that has no roots."
"We had a bit of a rough start. After I got them from the shelter (they were about 4 months old at the time) they started ballooning up in their abdomen. I thought maybe they were just bloating from the higher quality food so I was tweaking it about a 100 different ways. However when I brought them to the vet, Lilah ended up puking 2 lovely, live, squiggling worms right on to the exam table. Makes for a definite diagnosis, but definitely not fun."
"Even the information on Wikipedia is in error. Wikipedia gives you the history of CIA agent Harvey Barnard’s NESARA law. If you look closely, this law stands for National Economic Stabilization and Recovery Act, which would have made reforms to the economy and replace the income tax with a national sales tax. This law was rejected by congress in the 1990’s. But there is little mention of the National Economic Security and Reformation Act on Wikipedia or its ramifications."
"Lime Lite"
"Revelation 20"
"It is during these tenuous times where we look to our American brothers and sisters for help and support, we see EDL members imprisoned for very “minor” offences, then thrown in jail only to be beaten by known Islamic terrorists gangs. It is as if the government want to intimidate us into silence, however we will not be intimidated, we will never surrender."
"“That’s what I always loved about you Carpathians: your inability to dress things up.”"
"The story is told in several narrative layers and as it progresses you begin to see parallels between the lives of David Zimmer and Hector Man; both are broken, both are profoundly sad, both are guilt ridden and both are doing penance from events of random but tragic circumstance."
"I had one incrediblely divine appointment on Saturday I have to tell you about because I’m still so excited over it! Part of the training on Saturday was CPR training. As a foster parent you have to have your CPR training renewed every 2 years. So a couple came in the back of the class just for that part of the day."
"As I ponder these questions, fashionistas who have mastered the art of conservative dressing are welcome to weigh in."
"My experience with this type of situation in other cities has been, ummm, a little hostile. Minimally, people honk and shake their heads or fists. But more frequently drivers become exasperated and take matters into their own hands. No one stops. Or they’ll move passive aggressively too close for anyone to get by, squeezing everyone out or in. They also try and go around you and anybody else in their way. (Remember the lady in her car, herding kids down the sidewalk in North Capitol Hill because the school buses were blocking her exit?) Let’s just say, I’ve experienced a number of noisy, agitated bottlenecks illustrating these situations. More than I care to recount."
"So I havent been able to run like I like for the past 3 weeks"
"Entangle you and me"
"proceeding to step 5."
"Started early tonight. I don’t know if I’m gonna spit out one story, or go into a litany of different adventures. One of my many brain disorders besides the anxiety, depression, bipolarity, addiction and avoidant personality disorder, is that I always have a million things swirling around my brain at the same time. I used to say I had ADD or ADHD, but it’s not just that I have a short attention span. I don’t jump from topic to topic. They’re all in there together, getting in each other’s way, jumping up to say “Hey,” sometimes even merging together incestuously until I just look like a jumbled-up, crazy mess. That’s what you see from time to time."
"3.) Darkwing Duck (Volume 3) – A spin-off of the hugely popular DuckTales, Darkwing Duck didn’t take long in establishing his own fan base. Lasting 2 season with 91 episodes, the show has had a few episodes released on VHS, with full volumes sets in 2006 and 2007. The final 37 episodes that would make up a third (and possibly fourth) final release have yet to come out."
"So, since, in some ways, I have been deprived,"
"Humbert’s constant use of French is also very irritating (which Lolita thankfully voiced at one point in the novel). Random sentences and sometimes even paragraphs are written in French, which (being Australian) I certainly can’t understand but didn’t feel like dragging myself to the internet to translate. Though I see the literary and character point (Humbert is pretentious enough to constantly use a foreign ‘fancier’ language in an English speaking country and to his English reading audience), this still grated on me."
"“Sometimes letting things go is an act of far greater power than defending or hanging on.”"
"A few examples of how the complete scrapping of the Imperial system would affect people and businesses around the world include -"
"But no. It's not just any weird woman's face. It's a Legs and Co weird woman's face."
"Important points to remember:"
"So, that’s basically who I am. Deeply spontaneous, always up for a prank, and constantly searching inside myself for what I really “should be,” and thus perhaps coming off a bit cold and quiet when inside I’m laughing and in earnest."
"Proper precautions can help you avoid and if necessary deal with potential life altering or ending situations. Don’t become a victim."
"Located on top of a craggy Maui cliff..."
"So I get bored easily with the JFK obsession in general, but particularly when it is immersed in conspiracy theories. It takes a lot for me to not zone out with a story relating to the assassination. Fortunately, I gave In the Line of Fire a shot anyway. The movie fires on all cylinders."
"The directors of two companies, which are listed as ratepayers on Anzac Ave, sharing an access opposite the Frederick St intersection, Hall Bros Transport and A.J. Allen Ltd, declined to comment about the traffic lights. Council transportation operations programme engineer Mike Harrison said the lights were unlikely to be operational until after the four Rugby World Cup games at the stadium."
"We've been burned by the Astros before, but I think they're going to the World Series this time. Really, I do."
"Seating for Commencement"
"footling breech — the baby’s head is up, and one or both of the baby’s feet are pointed down toward the birth canal."
"Pakistani police spokesman Nasir Butt said that the 58-year-old cab driver is being treated as the chief suspect in the case."
"The earlier deadline for FCCB buybacks was to expire today."
"1 frosted"
"SENATOR MIRIAM Defensor-Santiago and Atty. Narciso Santiago Jr. renewed their vows Saturday. Among the attendees were prominent and controversial politicians including Vice President Jejomar Binay, Ilocos Rep. Imelda Marcos, Pampanga Rep. Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo, former president Joseph Estrada, and Senators Jinggoy Estrada, Bong Revilla, Antonio Trillanes IV, Pia & Alan Peter Cayetano, Loren Legarda, Miguel Zubiri, and Manny Villar. Observers say there was ease in finding these VIPs inside the Cathedral. They were all seated in a row labeled: ‘This is where your taxes go.’"
"Because of gracious friends, my small, part-time income, and Matt's unemployment benefits, we were able to save even during this time. Then, 3 weeks after the birth of our daughter, Matt's dad passed away. He had owned his own business doing custom home building and remodeling. Within a few weeks, several of his clients were calling Matt to come finish what Roger had been working on. After a couple weeks of commuting, we felt that God was leading us to move for Matt to take over the business full-time. So, we packed up our stuff (which was already packed, in storage) and headed out here. We were blessed with the opportunity to live in Matt's granddad's house for just the cost of bills."
"I wrote a lot of stories when I was a teenager, but I hardly finished any. The reason was that I always got bogged down in the opening pages trying to set up the world. I would give the back-story on both the setting and the characters, the preamble about how such and such a person ended up where they were at the beginning of the book, and so on. By the time I'd scribbled my way through five pages, I was so fed-up with the whole thing I never wanted to see it again. I was bored, and had I been cruel enough to subject a reader to my efforts, they would have been bored too. 100 percent guaranteed."
"So we took him home with us. I had done some reading about introducing a new cat, so we set him up in our bedroom last night. He stayed under the bed until about 4 in the morning, but now he's out and about like he's always lived here. Mr. Whiskers is completely intimidated yet strangely mesmerized by him. He's been following him around, but hiding, just peeking his head around corners to check him out. Kirby just ignores him for now."
"I'm in love with the colors in these two pictures! Arizona has stunning sunsets, although I have to say that a lot of the reason is because of the amount of pollution in the air. I guess it's worth it, though, because our sunsets are absolutely breathtaking!"
"Every society holds fresh jugs of esoteric knowledge."
"Sign in using your Facebook account OR your name and email address."
"“In 2011 cybercriminals greatly expanded their reach, with nearly 20 percent of targeted attacks now directed at companies with fewer than 250 employees,” said Stephen Trilling, Symantec chief technology officer. “We’ve also seen a large increase in attacks on mobile devices, making these devices a viable platform for attackers to leverage in targeting sensitive data. Organizations of all sizes need to be vigilant about protecting their information.”"
"Mattison DR, Cullen MR. Disorders of reproduction and development. Rosenstock L, Cullen MR (Eds.). Textbook of Clinical Cccupational and Environmental Medicine. Philadelphia, WB Saunders, 1994."
"2 garlic cloves minced"
"Back of book blurb for Huey's Story"
"But that would be too easy wouldn’t it? If everything went to plan? My baby had developed swelling in a gland under her right ear during the day on the Sunday which had become increasingly worse during the night. I willed the nurses not too see it or question her too closely. I knew she was in pain but I wanted the operation to be over. It was selfish and in the end pointless. The anaesthetist noticed the swelling as we waited to go into the theatre and called an ENT to have a look. He diagnosed an acute inflammation of the salivary gland. The surgery was summarily cancelled. Damn you all, we were so close. Donna cried in pain, I cried in anger, in frustration and again, because I was guilty of being a bad mother. I just wanted it to be over… Instead we went home, antibiotic and cortisone in tow, to go right back to square one."
"Available at: Amazon.com"
"ALE"
"20 tops"
"Dance Africa has stood for over 30 years as a kick-off to Summer events in Brooklyn and throughout the city and it also the place for Great Culture, Great Food, Great Sounds all downtown in Brooklyn of course. After the damp grey May we've had it's time to get this Summer going!"
"When I was there yesterday it is obvious he is entering the final stages of the illness. He looks wasted to some degree, pale, weak and is disoriented. His speech is slurred and difficult to understand and his thought process is confused and not easy to follow. He is an engineer, a musician, and intellectual. He is well read, fascinated with the Civil War and those times in society. Yet here he is, his light is winking out. How helpless I feel and how frustrated it makes one to see this slow degradation of a fine person. Why him, how did nature pick him, what did he deserve to have this terrible disease visited upon him. I don't know, these are questions without answer, but the plague me."
"Yes, they are witnesses, until proven guilty, that’s what OCPD Gan Kong Meng said. He revealed their photos to the press, saying he had downloaded them from newspapers and the internet."
"Mom's in the kitchen baking pies."
"The slide show my sister had made was fabulous."
"Somehow the turkey got done a full hour than we expected. I hadn't even baked the stuffing yet! It all worked out in the end though. The turkey was cold, but all the side dishes, including the gravy, was hot. Truth be told, ya can't tell if your turkey is hot or cold when it is smothered in molten gravy. We will be eating turkey left overs for some time. This bird is so massive that I cut up the carcass into thirds. I made turkey stock with the first portion and froze the others to make stock later."
"Zen"
"Student: Earlier (We need to talk about names. Did Beyond write this? *flips over page to look at name*)(I ACTUALLY have a student named Beyond.)"
"God Is the Bigger Elvis"
"vegetable stock – 1 1/2 cup"
"“I just wanted to let him know that he was strong on the inside, too.”"
"It's just a sprain, but it's bad enough to keep me away from my knitting basket. So all of the WIPs are just sitting forlornly next to the sofa, waiting for me to recover enough to get to work on them again."
"While we were talking back in October, she mentioned this boy to me and asked if I could advocate for him. I posted asking about him on the Advocate for WC yahoo group, but got no responses. I completely forgot about this boy until we began our search for our son."
"That I was too young"
"Now, what about corporate businesses where there is always a gatekeeper in your way? Well, your first contact should be with the gatekeeper since we can get extremely valuable information from him/her such as the target person’s name, who their current carrier is and x-date, among other things. But, now you want to get through the gatekeeper and get to the decision maker, right? So, when do you call? My suggestion is to call anytime the gatekeeper is away from his/her desk which would be during lunch hour, before 9am and after 5pm. Generally decision makers will have much longer office hours then their receptionists and you will have a better shot at catching them at that time."
"cruising through delicate cirrus clouds"
"Nice. Shiny."
"Much has happened since the writing of the above message, but the events during the past eleven months have strengthened my views on I expressed in December last year."
"You left them running through my head"
"Let's see...have I left anything out? Oh, yes, that sink full of sudsy, dirty dishes. Really. You'd be surprised at how artfully you can arrange and frame a mess. ; )"
"\"Oh, yes,\" said the woman, and she showed off her hairy muff."
"What about gas chambers?"
"After that, Anne broke into song in a black satin shawl collared tuxedo by Lavin with Brian Atwood pumps."
"16 year old me wanted nothing more than to be a Piano Performance Major and have music be my life. That, because of physical setbacks, was cut short."
"There are so many different media choices available to paper crafters these days. Copics are one, but frankly, I'm not a fan. I like my pencils and I like to think I get pretty decent results with them. During a recent DT discussion, one of my DT Peeps complained about his choice of coloring medium:"
"5.) A power to transfer bodies."
"I also finished up a scrap basic in warm colors."
"...today's word is Violet. We don't have a winner yet, but it's super close!!"
"Method writing."
"“Stop!” I begged with my hands over my ears. The girls blithely ignored me, much too used to my timid nature to pay it any attention."
"I nodded again, \"I do know what you mean - they're all ours.\""
"I have also made the decision to stop trying to do it all on my own. I have hired Jack Zenert to help me build my business into something phenomenal so that the message my horses have can get out to as many people as possible. I am doing lots of research on what others are doing so that I can piggyback off their expertise."
"This morning, I made some egg-white burritos (whole wheat burritos, of course)."
"I am trying to stop multi-tasking when interacting with my children. No more surfing the web while half-watching them play a game, no more watching TV while they're trying to talk to me. One child (or two, or three, or whatever), one adult, one focus, one connection. I owe them that and so much more."
"But, I would still get upset and wonder under some circumstances."
"About five weeks before our wedding, it occurred to me that I had completely forgotten to get a gift for my soon-to-be husband. Unfortunately, I couldn't think of anything special enough (that I could afford) and realized that I wanted to make something for him. He was working a lot of nights and weekends so I had the brilliant idea to embroider a wedding sampler for him, in secret."
"“Here.” I hear a voice say, and look up. It’s Rose, she’s coming towards Me, dressed in the fine green dresses of the serving girls. “Let me warm you.” She says removing her dress and pressing her naked body against mine. My body heats up in a way it’s never done before. And the laughing of the crone changes into the cracking of a fire in the cave, and the Ravens crying silences to the gentle buzz of Summer bees. The warmth of Rose against me is heavenly and she moves her hands through my brown hair. My green eyes gazing into hers, I look at her soft milky skin and fiery red hair."
"E.F. Hutton is set to return to the brokerage world, according to a report in The Wall Street Journal. Backed by former Hutton executives, the long-dormant name is being revived and the firm is set to launch later this year."
"so let's do what my little cousin is doing in that last picture. let's do some sort of karate chop on perfection & fake glamour and let's get real. are you with me? for narnia?"
"It’s not long before Wyatt and Calliope are keeping each other warm on cold December nights. But it’s going to take a Christmas miracle for Wyatt to put his trust in love a second time."
"99. Cooking class. Taking a cooking class will not only get you out, but you will learn how to eat more healthily, too."
"One thing's for sure, laughing at other people's bizarre outbursts makes your own a little easier to deal with."
"Here is the holy card image that was the inspiration for the scapular. I shrunk the image down to scapular size, printed it up and traced around the medals to create my felt template, I always make these out of tracing paper. Except for the medals, everything else is embroidery work."
"Anyhoo, a few quick highlights of my week in Chicago…"
"These lovely earrings were a Christmas present from my Mum and I love them! Bit of a walking advertisement for Primark today but I thought the colour of the stone went well with the dress."
"Here's a random sampling of what's rattling in my head:"
"Millions now reject Christianity. Millions are leaving churches every year because they find them boring, uninspiring, and tradition bound. Yet perhaps those who reject faith in Christ are unaware that they are rejecting an abnormal form of Christianity and that they are not rejecting the real deal."
"And next week I get to go to the oldest city in North America, St. John's, Newfoundland with an eye to moving there or near there in July. I am so excited I could burst. I've been told I'll get get sick of the weather. I've been told, the fog will drive me crazy. It's crowded, and omg the crime rate is crazy now!"
"Beyond the fun, though, Double Mountain is doing something rare and possibly unique in America, and Kriek Kamp brought it home. In the age of industrialization and globalization, every region is a good region to brew. That's actually a good thing--it means breweries have ready access to perfectly fresh, clean ingredients, and don't have to wait for the season to change before they can brew. But it also means most breweries are divorced from their own weather, their terroir."
"Q078) CL-san can speak 4 different languages. What are some recommended methods to study languages?"
"Let’s use the example of a intention to illustrate what this means — this will be useful since intentions are crucial to the whole dialectic between Craig and Schieber. Suppose I intend to eat an apple. My intention has a world-to-mind direction of fit: in order for my intention to be satisfied, the conditions in the world must change in such a way that I consume and digest the apple. But my intention has a mind-to-world direction of causation: the mental state causes those changes to be brought about in the world outside the mind."
"It turns out that Jamie found this recipe from the kitchen cutting his dad of the decade of 70: was a yellowish paper, handwritten, and no evidence of where it was copied or who had recommended. He liked the result when tested, who proposed the challenge, and we could try it!"
"Since I have not really stayed in the shelters except when the weather is really bad they can't give me a recommendation, without that recommendation the waiting list is 8 months. Can you die from bladder infections? I don't know, but if you can I would think I would be dead before 8 months hits."
"His primary concern in this essay is methodology, specifically to demonstrate the paradigmatic shift required of Christian theology considering the Modern fact. Troeltsch wants to contrast two opposing methods, the historical-critical and the dogmatic method, but he wants to show that dogmatics, while giving the appearance of historical grounding, fails to take into account the fullness of the Modern Fact and the inevitable attenuated grounds for Christian dogmatics."
"The reason we have a salacious love affair with facts is due to how easy they are to get (iThingy) and also how easy they are to test. “Great Little Bobby you scored 8 out of 10 on your Fitness Trainer Cert.” …Feel empowered to spread your wealth of facts and not true knowledge.”. This is not something that is new and if you happened to grow up in good ole ‘Merica? Our education system is entirely built on facts and committing to memory important dates in history (for the most part). Don’t believe us? Ask a ‘Merican if a Kit Kat is a cookie or a biscuit? The answer you will get is that it is a candy bar, fact! Period, argument over. Look here it even says so on wiki-i-know-nothing!!! Now ask this same question to someone who lives of the glimmering side of the pond? Pour a nice cup of PG Tips and prepare to debate Kit Kat’s!!!"
"All pleasures and all pains, remembering"
"connection between the tiniest and"
"Rep. Joe Sestak (D-PA) is now the Democrat nominee for the Senate seat held far too long by Arlen Specter. President Obama induced Specter to switch parties and give the Democrats their very temporary, 60 vote, filibuster-proof majority, in return for endorsing him for reelection and promising him no opposition in the Democrat primary. But Sestak had already announced that he was running for the seat, and he refused to get out. Two week ago, Sestak defeated the unprincipled, opportunistic Specter for the Democrat nomination, continuing the perfect string of everyone who Obama endorses and campaigns for going down to defeat."
"Reality is proved by the appearance. A foreigner does not need to look in the mirror he knows what he is and as his kind try to take our territory off us their children are brought up in their own culture and start to form rival communities to ours. The tradition is the content : events take place in history like Trafalgar or Ombdurman and we respect them and keep them going in celebrations and it becomes the content: it adds to the existing tradition giving us a scaffold as it were to structure our lives and culture. We keep them alive in our minds and they give us strength and confidence. We depend on the appearance to perceive the reality. The idealist notion that reality lies behind the appearance is not accessible to empirical investigation."
"But why do the Sevateem call the Doctor the Evil One? And what are the invisible creatures in the jungle? The Time Lord, with the help of a girl called Leela, is about to find out."
"When an environmental disaster in progress becomes a media circus and danger to the community Pacific Mercy Charge Nurse Erin Quinn calls for reinforcements. What she gets is Fire Captain Scott McKenna, a handsome incident commander who insists on doing everything by the book -even when that means refusing Erin entry into her own E.R. Tempers flare and sparks fly as these two battle it out, each trying to do their version of the right thing."
"Every second to tick by"
"First published: December 21st, 2010."
"There are a few American manufacturers clinging to life, But We’re gonna have to pretty much rebuild a manufacturing base from scratch. Our solution will be bold and it will be broad. The Federal government will:"
"that covers those giants, hurled down by heaven."
"\"The tremendous activity and excitement in craft distilling has been increasing year-by-year,\" said Bill Owens, president of the American Distilling Institute. \"Customers are looking to smaller producers for unique and more authentic spirits. Clearly, American craft distillers are only getting started, and this paper points to how far they can go.”"
"Once ripening begins, more ethylene is produced, and the ripening accelerates. If that perfect yellow banana is not eaten at peak ripeness, ethylene will turn it brown and mushy."
"I love this team, absolutely love them. They roll 10 deep and play great team basketball. They don’t lean on any one player too much, so any guy can be their lead scorer any night and even if Danny Granger is cold, they can win. But this team is still a couple years away from being a title contender. They simply do not have that one player who can take over at the ends of games. Every other team ahead of them has what they don’t: a player who will take over in the fourth quarter and carry them to wins. Until they have that superstar, they will continue to simply be a good team, nothing more."
"It was Anna Sewell in her wonderful novel Black Beauty who wrote:"
"Of ALL the stories that have made it into the public sphere about the PM, of all the stories that have the world laughing at us and making Trinis the butt of jokes everywhere….noise making is the libellous story…so then the story about your family living at the PM’s residence true? The story about the Govt Credit Card paying for the Louis Vee boots true too? The story about you using at least 2 helicopters everytime you travel correct as well? The story about the $2,000 a day for your hairdresser correct as well? The Elevator story correct too? So, Vidwattie and her son’s really living at the State’s expense, then?"
"weakened economy and to downward income adjustments that"
"Mogwai"
"What is your favorite thing about September or Fall?"
"This, she added, was evident from the recent elections in many European countries where several parties fielded candidates not on the basis of race or immigration but specifically on the basis of Islam."
"I ordered a new RoadID bracelet along with a light and some ankle reflectors so I can feel comfortable running outside again. Since my friend Amanda’s accident, I’ve been a little leary of running outside, but my game is definitely off with just treadmill running. I’ve decided that I’m going to leave the gym to classes only and do my running outside. The weather is getting better for it too."
"I was roused from dreams I can’t quite remember. I hate that. Yesterday morning’s dreams were vivid, promising fortune, followed by a call for communication. I guess in one sense I got fortune; $50 from back home after Ricky sold some gear for me, plus I passed my California written driving exam. I don’t have to take the actual test now because I already have a valid PA license. I missed the opportunity to make contact back home though. That hurts."
"Now that I’ve tried all the flavors, I think I can say that Chocolate Coconut is my favorite, but they’re all amazing. Seriously, who knew a sampler pack would be such a slam dunk? I never like all of the varieties in a pack, but this time I do. Winning, Republic of Tea, winning."
"is irrelevant."
"A new appointment has been arranged for you to attend the"
"Apart from statutory undertakers – like TTEC, WASA, TSTT etc. – the State carries out most of its capital investment via various SPEs. Those would include:"
"Be encouraged today with the availability, compassion and commitment from Jesus. Only He can fulfill your life with joy, peace and hope. Ask Jesus into your life today and experience the greatest success your life will ever know. In the next blogs, I will share areas where I have been successful (as well as failures) and show how to overcome the obstacles that hinder us from a most successful life we will ever have."
"I’ve long suspected that John Smallman’s Saul, who has been saying for many months now that a watershed event will soon happen for many of us, has been speaking not about Ascension but about the transition that Archangel Michael is now announcing. I asked the Boss about this and he confirmed that my suspicion was correct: this transition is the event that Saul has been speaking about."
"\"I didn't want it to stop.\""
"at first he asked me about my job, which i answered patiently."
"Unfortunately, Immunology is not a well-researched branch of medicine. There is sooo much they just don't know about autoimmune conditions. The money for research isn't there. When people donate, they donate to breast cancer, and heart disease and diabetes. All great causes. And obviously, diabetes is one of those that's near and dear to my heart. But they aren't researching the autoimmune component of Type 1 diabetes as much as they are other components. Immunology just isn't well funded research-wise. And god knows it's not understood."
"Addy jumped into the hot tub as I headed for the backdoor. I turned the knob. It didn’t turn. The door was locked. “It’s still 2008,” I yelped at the intractable door. I wasn’t ready to face my new resolution yet, but what choice did I have. Plus, I had an impressionable witness."
"My favorite of these two table runners is the one with the black lace trim."
"17. Sorry Doesn't Help (Years of Refusal)"
"And for this treason against the dollar and its ghost (the petrol-dollar), Libya, its economy, its leader, and its people have been dealt with and decimated."
"10/17 - Chicago, IL - House of Blues"
"Kamisama Hajimemashita which is about a girl whose dad gets a lot of debts and she gets kicked out her house. then she “defends” a man that she meets from a dog and he tells her that she should go to his house if she’s got nowhere to go. it turns out that he was th previous god of the shrine and now he’s made her the new god and from now on she has to live in a shrine with a grumpy (and sexy) familiar and two other spirits and it follows her crazy story of godhood."
"And you know what......"
"Put his arms around me"
"I was particularly interested in following the voices of the under-represented: from the youth who used social media to mobilize the uprisings to the women who had long been engaged in revolution-precursor labor movements to Egypt’s Coptic Christian minority."
"The social impulses are another source of the crystallization of religion. Fathers and mothers and the leaders of larger human communities are mortal and fallible. The desire for guidance, love, and support prompts men to form the social or moral conception of God. This is the God of Providence, who protects, disposes, rewards, and punishes; the God who, according to the limits of the believer’s outlook, loves and cherishes the life of the tribe or of the human race, or even or life itself; the comforter in sorrow and unsatisfied longing; he who preserves the souls of the dead. This is the social or moral conception of God."
"Bottom line: While the first half of Pamela, or Virtue Rewarded is interesting as Pamela’s strong moral code is pitted against her creepy master Mr. B’s various attempts to assault her, once she falls in love with him, it becomes so problematic and awful that it’s hard to read. Avoid."
"They process his release just after midnight on the next day, and he immediately heads for the tallest building he can find. He knows I’ll have my eye on him and he wants a chance to rub his victory in my face. I hover a thousand feet up, somewhat tempted to just keep flying on. Everybody deserves a second chance, they say. If this comes back to bite us, Paradigm will save us again and put the bad man in jail, they say. Maybe I should just let this one go and show them all. But I can’t."
"24 ounces chicken or vegetable stock (your own is best, but a good organic one will do)"
"The Blue Planet - a cobalt blue (taken from a patch on the Earth) - 14.50.102"
"“The search for a unique identity, either religious, cultural or political, as expressed through special calendars, would give way to the search for a new international identity reflecting and confirming that the world and its people are an interdependent global community.”"
"(Wendy & Abigail, on the set)"
"Founded in the early 1980's, Shas claims to represent the interests of traditionally religious Mizrahi and Sefardi Israelis (Jews of Arab, Mediterranean, and \"Oriental,\" extraction). It pushes for social programs, bread subsidies, and the bolstering religious opinion in legal and political matters."
"Here's the most colour accurate picture I took - and shimmer showing!"
"We will be releasing more of this material, which has come into our hands and also be exposing the devastating effect on Sabah’s forests by greed-driven, unsustainable logging over the past few years. Insiders say that graft and greed in Yayasan Sabah has reached a whole new level since Musa Aman graduated from being its Chief Executive to the Head of State and Chairman of its Board of Trustees."
"While college enrollment has increased (and a bachelor’s degree becomes more of a necessity than an advantage) a new book raises concerns about the rigor on college campuses today. Academically Adrift follows 2,300 students at 24 different schools during their four year experience at a college or university. The study shows nearly a third of students had no improvement in their critical thinking skills. Proportionally to that, a little over a third reported to studying less than five hours per week."
"And finally, a concert on the beach by a sweet new band – La Vie as a part of the end of the year party for Hand-Up, Hands-On, a non-profit job and entrepreneurship skills apprenticeship program that I have been working with on fundraising."
"Nor lose possession of that fair thou ow’st;"
"many of you will have read the details of Derek Clark's attempt to stave off being booted out by members of his own regional party - who are in complete despair and hold him in utter contempt!"
"Advanced ticket orders can be placed for this event until Thursday, September 29, 2011 @ 12pm. After that time, all tickets must be purchased at the event."
"I felt the same way for a long time, but lately research has been coming out saying somewhat the opposite. Some saturated fats actually have beneficial health properties that can INCREASE your high density lipoproteins (HDL); or the GOOD fat."
"12 stems rosemary"
"07. Hazing"
"Saturday, May 26"
"last week, i was taking chloe for a quick pee and i noticed a butterfly. oh great, i thought. the season is here. but then i saw another. and another. and they were literally everywhere; as common as the little brown bird. and they're all the black and red suckers. the next day, i took her on a walk and about 3 minutes in, i think i had seen more butterflies than i had in the previous 10 years. it was by far the worst walk of my life and i just wanted to get home. i couldn't even take breaths when i got in and then i vented my frustrations on twitter. i asked dylan, mr environmentalist, what is up with all these butterflies?! have you seen them?! there's got to be a reason! tell me! there's more than normal, i swear i'm not crazy! he said it probably had something to do with the climate, and to that i said, duh. but really, he didn't know. the next day, he posted this article on my facebook wall. basically, this is the gist of the article..."
"To mothers, daughters, and women everywhere, let me stress the fact that because of your great potential and influence for good in the lives of all of us, Satan is determined to destroy you. You cannot compromise with him. You must have the courage, the strength, the desire, and the determination to live as the Lord would have you live—good clean lives. Girls, keep yourselves virtuous and worthy of a fine young man who has"
"For those of you who have been following us on a regular basis (if you’re not – why not?!) you will know that we have been rebuilding The Lodge, our volunteer accommodation at Cwm Ivy."
"I can’t connect them."
"We finally got on board the 1 nail glitter trend and it is oh so cute! Pretty sure the correct terminology isn't \"disco nail\" but we happen to like it so we're hoping it takes off ;-)"
"Women Leaders as Agents of Change: Caribbean Regional Colloquium. (“In a personal video message, Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton sent her greetings and congratulations to participants and organizers. Participants received the video enthusiastically, commenting that they felt encouraged and inspired by the Secretary’s interest and support.”)"
"MEMORY AND OCD. People with remarkable autobiographical memory may be more prone to OCD-like behaviors, according to a new study. It turns out that two areas of the brain that are larger in people with exceptional memory are also larger in people with OCD. Find out more."
"Sim played T-ball again in the spring. He is getting pretty good at catching and throwing, but his team was really big this time around and those poor little boys got pretty antsy in the dugout for all those games... Daddy was one of the coaches and I think they both enjoyed that."
"Wow, didn't realise so much time had passed since my last post. Been quite busy to say the least and it doesn't seem to be slowing down!"
"How many times worn:"
"Dr Hotiarre takes his seat with a thank you."
"Click around some of the posts."
"Fresh food is piled high in front of the statues. Pyramids of apples (taped together to keep them from falling), six-packs of bottled water, oranges, and mangos are the most popular. The bodhisattvas are not the only ones enjoying lunchtime: the multitudes enjoying lunch from white styrofoam containers remind me that the map of the site did indicate a cafeteria. Ah yes, there it is. You make an offering and then step up to the window, where the monks dish out a good portion of rice and a ladleful of mild potato & vegetable curry. Just the simple food to go with the calm."
"I knew that I wanted my card to be \"shabby chic\" and \"frilly\" so I pulled out my box of ribbons and lace. I didn't have any large flower elements so I decided to make my own. To make it, I just took several loops of ribbon along with some straight strands of ribbon glued all together then added mini roses and a large rose."
"Well my lovelies, it has been one whirlwind of a dating week. I successfully completed six dates in eight days and visited not only brand new parts of the city, but made some pretty wonderful connections as well. What better way to celebrate leg one of this journey (we're 1/4 of the way there!) before I dive back into lawyer land than with a visit to the George Washington Bridge."
"Still with me? Ok, you were warned.. I am feeling EXTREMELY SORRY FOR MYSELF."
"So the infected wandered the city at night, searching for people who had avoided the sickness and survived in the city. These survivors were essentially squatters, constantly moving from one location to another. Emerson’s two police stations had already been ransacked by these survivors and they had taken whatever they could to arm themselves for protection. The problem was, firing a gun would attract more of the infected to their site, as would fire or any other sort of noise."
"The Duck-Rabbit Craft Brewery Duck-Rabbit Milk Stout"
"Has now a place in Heav’n for me."
"VersaFine ink - Deep Lagoon"
"139 ***5. “The Occasions of Freedom of Speech.” Political Science Reviewer, vol. 5, pp. 383-402 (Fall 1975). (Sources: Items D-III/4/1974 and D-V/29/1975, below, Item A-3, above. Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 199-213 (1992).)"
"Hi all! Finally a finish!.........This Ohio Star was made using Bonnie Hunters free pattern.....I used reproduction fabric scraps for this one......I'm really happy with the way it turned out... Hope you all are doing well.......it's been crazy around here lately!!"
"The greatest of life’s joys"
"As fully documented in Dr Emil Besetzny's book Sphinx (1873), however, the most outstanding case must surely be the creation of ten living homunculi in a mere five weeks, accomplished by two Austrian alchemists from the late 16th Century - Count Johann Ferdinand von Kufstein and Abbé Geloni."
"A Musical Autobiography of Bing Crosby, with Buddy Cole and His Trio"
"And a little sleep goes a long way toward feeling good."
"Toby the feeling of not being tortured is wonderful. I felt headachey and a bit out of sorts, like my body was adjusting. Have also been quite tired for a couple of days."
"Taken At Dusk (Shadow Falls #3)"
"I know from experience that if you waltz in with all the answers, you will be despised no matter how helpful your insights might be. You may get advice claiming you need to disregard the opinions of others to gain respect, but I don’t think that’ll get you very far. All people enjoy being listened to, and having their ideas considered. I’ve been in situations where that just *doesn’t happen* with French bosses, and I think as expats, that might make us stand out more as mangers."
"and intricacies … more like a combination of Spanish and French…"
"Wikipedia, Jimmy said the"
"Yet Obama has waged a rhetorical war against the Chamber of Commerce and who do they represent, you guessed it, most small and medium-sized domestic businesses. Obama blasted the Chamber of Commerce for daring to oppose his plan to tax such businesses at a rate of 39.6%."
"Again, we find our answers in the Scriptures:"
"If we aspire to share this space"
"WOW!!! What a fabby turn out for last weeks Spots and Stripes challenge!!!! Lots of gorgeous creations for us to pop by and admire :-)"
"If I can establish as an absolute that the holy ones are going to be in heaven, and not on earth, then we have a guidepost for correctly understanding the references to “kingdom” and how it would have to be used in different contexts in order to harmonize with the absolute. That is one of the things that I will be attempting to do in this discussion. I think starting first with the word “kingdom” is a little cart before the horse since we are informed that the word kingdom can mean two different things, the actual government OR the domain of that government. Unless there is a definitive qualifying statement alongside the use of the word kingdom, we will constantly be running into “which meaning is it carrying in THIS context or Biblical statement?”"
"And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, and to the blood of sprinkling, that speaketh better things than that of Abel. Hebrews 12:24 (KJV)"
"On to week two…here we go!"
"Number Six"
"2 bunches dark leafy greens (kale, collard greens or Swiss chard), tough stems removed, leaves very thinly sliced"
"It usually starts with the hounds; Chevy has to remind me he was once a therapy dog, and crawl his massive frame into my lap. Whistler will chase him away, but wants to either have me pet him or sit very, very near me; as in nearly knocking me over. Milarepa just wants to make sure my face is clean, and will therefore lick every bit of dirt, real and imagined, off."
"I never ever know."
"You can have a total of four entries."
"“As a fag at school, if I misfielded a ball I was put at the wicket and bowled at with no bat to protect me, and woe betide me if I shirked the ordeal. A little of this discipline might do good now.”"
"I forgot two very important people."
"The speedy gleams the darkness swallow'd:"
"This mornings face was incredulous............."
"the setter pieces apart and inspect your work. Snaps"
"Rhys: \"Daddy potty.\""
"Now Mayweather and Cotto will meet in what some believe could be where Mayweather could get knocked off his Undefeated crown. I have confidence that if Mayweather starts to take his opponenst lightly like he has been lately, then I could see Miguel Cotto pulling off the upset. Let’s be honest with ourselves though, it’s highly unlikely to happen."
"She ran at me and my shoulders relaxed waiting for what was going to happen. When at the very last moment, her boyfriend grabbed her from behind and carted her out of the room. As the guy was dragging her out, I let her know that I wished a plague-cocktail of aids/ cancer/ and syphilis to befall upon her car on the way home. The show got back to semi-normal after that. As normal as a show like that can get. I finished my spot and told the black folks that they were going to have to walk me out to my car, in case crazy-shakes was waiting for me in the parking lot. They laughed and said they would."
"through my organs. I manage the offenders,"
"It’s a 2012 Kia Rio5, right off the boat from Korea. My impression of Kia was they are cheap and unsafe, but this car is quite nice. It’s got all sorts of bells and whistles for electronics, does fantastic on gas and has a 5 star safety rating. To top it off, Kia has a FANTASTIC warranty."
"· He wanted everyone to mourn, even the mountains and fields"
"She unfolded the next ticket. Not a winner. Oh well. Then the next, and the next, and the next. No more winners. But never mind. That first one would surely be something truly magnificent. The tombola-winning magic was still with her."
"are no more"
"The exhibition at the palace’s Queen’s Gallery includes 87 pages from the artist’s notebooks and groundbreaking anatomical sketches. Organizers say Leonardo intended to publish the detailed studies of bones, muscles and internal organs in a treatise on anatomy, but the drawings were never used when he died in 1519."
"Use appropriate, motivated framing. For example:"
"-fabric and felt"
"(Did I forget to mention quite unlike me he gets picky when it comes to desserts and can gladly skip chocolate. Me on the other hand loves anything with chocolate.)"
"What traditions do you have?"
"I spotted a couple of great examples this year from BMW and ASOS:"
"So I do the only thing I can think of. I push a trolley aside, and go scan my goods. All of a sudden, behind me is a very loud silence.... You know that one in the movies? where the very bad scary thing is rising up out of the darkness and the hero's back is turned, oblivious?"
"We help her into the truck."
"AF: And who's this?"
"As bonus, i've added the cut version of \"LDTC\" ."
"The Institute will be in Estes Park, Colorado, May 6-11. Institute facilitator is Maureen Sullivan, president-elect of the American Library Association."
"29"
"Shoes, Enzo Angiolini - Goodwill"
"For the sentiment I used a Florileges stamp and then I cute every single letter."
"The confluence of knowledge, understanding and practise makes life complete. When you grow into higher states of consciousness, you find that you are no longer thrown off balance by different situations and disturbances. You become beautiful yet strong – a soft, delicate and beautiful blossom capable of accommodating different values in life without any conditions."
"Drawn out, very long and bordering on boring, The Lantern fails to grab me as the previously mentioned books did. The switching between past and present makes a person feel like they’ve spent an hour on the “tilt-a-whirl” – for those of you too young to know what that is, believe me, it is not fun."
"Well, to be honest, I’m still learning that last one."
"Yeehaw!!"
"6For the LORD knows the way of the righteous, But the way of the wicked will perish."
"Celebrations marking 100 years since the discovery of Machu Picchu took place throughout last year, but there’s justified reason to extend the centenary."
"Then….BAM."
"@fountain_penmj: Glenn reveals his Kenyan birth certificate"
"Yes- Strep throat for me."
"\"It is not what they have done, it's the way they did it. It feels like we've been cut off at the knees,\" he said."
"So she can keep on talkin' about her diamond ring,"
"last event is dong dong chiang"
"My love to Anna and Myles and Mason and Ledia."
"When, a few weeks before I traveled to Los Angeles, I asked some of my Facebook/Twitter friends if they had any suggestions for music to get me in a California mood, The Beach Boys was one of the first artists mentioned. Though I had heard most of their big hits on the radio many times before, I had never listened to any of their complete albums—not even their seminal 1966 Pet Sounds! So I listened to a bunch of them before going off to Southern California."
"It just isn’t the same, like it was back in the day."
"In an effort at full disclosure here, I will repost my own episode of falling down some stairs that I posted on this blog a couple of years ago."
"Look at the barcode on the Amazon Kindle box. It is designed to look like a hill with a tree trunk rising from a thicker barcode line and becoming a tree. Under the tree is a content reader. Great work—beautiful, understated branding."
"Good luck Mr. Irons, you did very well and it was a pleasure intimidating you today."
"Well I am 3 for 3 in planned runs this week vs completed. Been a long time since I have been able to say that!"
"In addition, we ask that you spread the word. Ask your spouse, your friends, and your acquaintances to act now. Facebook, twitter, and email about this. Let’s start a school library movement! Your voice counts – please use it on behalf of professionally staffed school libraries."
"That's scary, thinking about how much of what we read is broken up by fancy, shimmery ads and different fonts and scrolling texts with coloured backgrounds."
"I hope these tips help! I've only been doing this for three months and I know I still have a lot more to learn, but I thought it would be good to share what has worked for me so far! Also, PLEASE, add other tips you have in the comments section so we can all share our tips and ideas with each other!"
"Doreen Cronin – Click, Clack, Moo is my favorite picture book. Simple, to the point and hilarious. Her Diary of a Worm is an earth-turning good time!"
"\"Yep. Because they're bad, right momma?\""
"The first time I tripped over your shoes,"
"It's Ros here with you this week ... Back from my travels"
"- Some of them I liked, some not so much, some I liked just parts."
"I particularly resent killing characters just to make another character suffer. Don Quixote gives a lovely speech and dies in his bed, but it is poor Sancho whom I mourn. His master has gone to fool’s heaven, but he remains on earth bereft of all the promises the Knight offered him, he has no island to rule, no riches to share with his family, no illusions. That is truly heartbreaking. I wonder if Cervantes realized how unfair he was to Sancho."
"I've learned never to make a promise I can't keep. If I make a promise to you, you can bet your life on me keeping it. A long time ago, I broke more promises than I can count, and I still remember the look in the eyes of those I let down. Never again."
"Seth: Now that I'm giving away one of your stunning pieces of artwork- I hope you will answer the following question for your readers: ﻿You've indicated that your meeting with Patricia Larsen was the cataclysmic event that started your life to become the artist and author that you are today. Looking back to that time, do you think you'd have entered the field of art if you hadn't seen her work and visited her gallery? If so, what other event or person do you think would have taken you into the world of art? And, if your answer is no, do you think that there would have been another passion that you'd be engaged in now other than art.... Can you also please tell us what triggered you to create your infamous The Altered Page blog? And for those reading this post, I would love to hear what inspired you to create your website or blog."
"Dependable"
"Of course, we’re so good at creating schisms that we’ll do it just for fun and amusement. I used to belong to a forum for a specific sports car. When the car was new many of the postings reveled in the smug glory of having a better car than the rest of the world. Soon, a suggestion was made – in the spirit of fun (I think) – to create unofficial factions based on whether one’s car was a light or dark color. This spawned good natured bickering over the merits of having, say, a dark blue car vs the yellow one. Then, after four years, the car was updated and it became first generation vs second generation. Never mind, that you had to be a true car geek to tell the difference, this was serious. One person even posted that to like the first generation was to hate the second generation. What? Within just a few years the unity of common interest degenerated into dozens of “us vs them” groups bickering over arbitrary distinctions."
"155. @SidMohede: Michael Jordan once said, “Talent wins games, but teamwork & intelligence wins championships.” Talent is NOT enough"
"hidden behind a smile that is vibrant"
"“There have been several attacks on the offices of Equitalia (the agency handling tax collections) in recent weeks. I want to remind people that attacking Equitalia is the equivalent of attacking the State,” she said."
"Paul focuses first on his own conduct among them. He sought to distinguish himself from the other traveling philosophers of his day. He reminds them that, although they had experienced persecution for speaking the gospel, they were bold to share the gospel with them, even though the threat of more persecution was present. He continues by saying that they are not those who seek the praise from man, but God because He is the One ‘who tests our hearts’ (v.4). If God searches their hearts and they are entrusted and approved for the gospel their motives must be pure (1 Cor. 9:16-18; Gal 1:10)."
"It certainly is comprehensive. Within it's 900 plus pages there are over 1,100 entries from in excess of 160 contributors. From Abbey Beers to Zymurgy, it covers a vast range of beer related topics including the biology and chemistry of beer, breweries, beer styles and on and on and on. There are 30 entries on types of barley and even over 100 entries on hops that cover geneological lineages, growing habits and flavours. As Tom Collichio says in it's foreword, the aim of this book is \"to provide an exhaustive account of not only beers history but it's science and art\"."
"Plus! Leela will also be dancing in some unrelated events, in New York City and in Toronto."
"Despite recent declines in the stock market, a worker who had invested privately over the past 40 years would have still earned an average yearly return of 6.85 percent investing in the S&P 500, 3.46 percent from corporate bonds, and 2.44 percent from government bonds. If workers who retired in 2011 had been allowed to invest the employee half of the Social Security payroll tax over their working lifetime, they would retire with more income than if they relied on Social Security. Indeed, even in the worst-case scenario—a low-wage worker who invested entirely in bonds—the benefits from private investment would equal those from traditional Social Security."
"-My Celebrity Crushes"
"They weren’t going to kill him right away. First there would be only little things, irritating things, that would build and grow and tighten until Captain Driscoll became afraid. Then they’d begin their reign of terror. That would be the best part. The three revenge-hungry men would savor those moments like a good wine."
"I would not like to here or there."
"Today I would like to talk more about the multiple dimensions of reality, the multiple dimensions of our own being. The word reality is commonly used to refer to that which is solid and tangible. But the physical world is only one aspect of reality, one possible frequency in an infinite spectrum of vibration."
"On 29 April 2011, an anonymous commentator asked me to explore the website http://jewishturnaround.com, and to express my opinions thereon. The posting in question is JEWISH TURNAROUND - CHRISTIAN RESPONSE."
"I am forever asked why I am a renter and have not purchased a home after living in New York for over 40 years. The market in New York City is very different from anywhere else. There are over 2 million apartments for rent in the city with 65% rent regulated in some way. These regulations provide for below market rents and are a strong disincentive to move. The longer you remain in a regulated apartment, the greater the spread between your rent and the open market non-regulated places becomes - it is not uncommon for the difference to be 100% or more."
"Hoptown Brewing Company Brown Nose Brown Ale"
"I can't wait until I have an actual baby head to put it on, rather than a kitchen bowl. :)"
"On the phone for hours on end,"
"We came across this article and thought it made some interesting points. What do you think?"
"So all in all life has been good I have gotten back to crafting on a small scale I have yet to take photos to share and I have already sent most of the cards that I have made out but, I will soon get back to making this a crafting blog again as well as updates on my daily life. I did make a awesome crazy hat for my niece to wear at the Relay for Life I will see about crop'n her out of it to post a picture on here as she is not my child and it is not my right to post photos of her on my blog but, the hat won the lap round and it was super cute just super sweaty to wear poor kid'o..."
"I think the problem comes about in that some people see, in evolutionary psychology, justification or support for rather hidebound and traditional views of gender roles. That there are (or probably are) psychological difference between the sexes does not mean those differences conform to stereotype or myth."
"13. Avoid gossip and time vampires."
"\"A little.\""
"Births are rising for at least three reasons, the report says. The number of American women in their prime childbearing years is rising, and many families are deciding to have children earlier rather than later, reversing a recent trend in the opposite direction. Americans put the ideal family size at 2.66 persons in 2010, up from 2.39 persons in the late 1990s."
"Green eyes sparkling while she smirked"
"The philosopher’s whet stone holds no answers."
"When I was leaving the gym last night with my husband and we walked out the van, he unlocked my door, and thought about Maggie and in that moment seeing a man running towards her shooting and how it would feel to run away. I don't think that you could ever feel like you could run fast enough to dodge a speeding bullet. I remembered to say thank you to the folks that work at my gym, to my older kids for watching their younger Sib's so we could go to the gym, and to my husband for opening my door. I just don't want to waste anymore life. SO much of it I have wasted being worried and angry and hopeless."
"The resident continued the complaint and now the Sawmill has had to move, every last splinter I think, hence the new site that we have seen being built."
"-hot sauce to taste"
"In other news...sorry for the radio silence lately, ya'll. I was on a bit of an emotional walkabout last week, plus I've been chipping away at the first draft of Thorns (and also working on the cover design, which is coming together NICELY). I've also been dealing with a muscle injury for the last few months, and April was kind of a \"I'm in pain so I don't want to do anything, let alone write\" kind of month. But thankfully physical therapy has been working and I seem to be getting better, finally."
"And the heatened chambers, even in darkness"
"It’s kind of crazy to put this out on a blog. Maybe I sound like a “Pollyanna.” But I have this strange sense that people may read this and say to themselves, “oh I know that dream, it’s wonderful.”"
"We were playing a keep ball three-a-side game within the confines of the eighteen yard box. Sam replaced Chris Pye, who having not been able to kick a ball for two months because of a hernia, was spent. Each player contributes £3 per training session, which goes towards the running costs of the pitch and the floodlights. Hamble College invoice us in arrears each month, with each session costing £40. Martyn Barnett arrived to make it eight, which meant we had raised £24, £16 short of breaking even."
"And she's telling him it's his"
"When you know that your eternal home is heaven, you live life differently. You have confidence to endure any circumstance that life throws your way. You also believe that God can bring hope to others through Christ. The Colossian church had been started by Epaphras (v7). He had done a good job of teaching them to follow Christ. They had heard the truth of the gospel (v5) and had received God’s grace (v6). The gospel was bearing fruit as people all over the world were receiving God’s grace (v6). Paul and Timothy were thanking God for the hope that they heard about in the Christians in in Colossae. Their hope in Christ was contagious!"
"But that is where the particular problem is, since the conduct of the State and its organs is often found to be lacking in the basic ingredients of fairplay, accountability and transparency."
"Désirée, the daughter of a silk merchant, and Napoleon first meet when he is a poor soldier and she is fourteen; they become betrothed soon after but abide her mother’s wishes to wait to marry until she is sixteen. Unfortunately, the wait becomes too much as the ambitious Napoleon instead becomes engaged to a richer and more notable lady, whom we know as Empress Josephine. The young Désirée is shocked at the betrayal and we become sympathetic to her plight of lost first love, but we are hopeful for Désirée’s future as her life moves on."
"each have their solution to health care"
"hair slicked back and in pin-curls. Their hands still."
"Well, let me just tell you that after that brief moment of slacking (okay, so maybe it was momentS) there hasn't been one doubt in my mind. Material possessions have far too strong of a hold on this ol' world, and I don't want to be hanging on to anything like that. I'll hang on to Jesus. The Author and Finisher of my faith."
"Snake gourd - 1 ( 4 cups when chopped )"
"Sheets said that while Shearing ceased working, he never stop playing piano."
"But the biggest shock of all is that he wants to Privatise the public libraries!!"
"Option (E) is, of course, the best answer. The others are nothing but rhetoric. The problem with rhetoric is “that’s all it is”. Rhetoric differs mightily from performance. And rhetoric is not a substitute for performance."
"Kicking up the paper,"
"The subdued, desolate ballad 'And So Is Love' features"
"Jeans: Target $28.00"
"With the intelligence, wisdom, and freedom of choice given to us as humans, we exercise the discipline to plant in spite of the rocks, weeds, or other obstacles before us. The rocks, weeds, and thorns of the world cannot destroy all your seeds if you plant massively enough and intelligently enough. My suggestion is to choose action, not rest. Choose truth, not fantasy. Choose a smile, not a frown. Choose love, not animosity. Choose the good in life in all things, and choose the opportunity as well as the chance to work when springtime smiles on your life."
"Six armed men stand outside a log cabin, demanding that the inhabitants exit the premises. Frustrated, the men shoot the cabin to pieces and then storm in to find.... nothing. Standing in the middle of the cabin they uncover a trapdoor in the floor and as they are about to open it, Jonah Hex rains down death from his hiding place in the rafters. The men dead, Hex jumps down into the pools of blood as a man, Chako, crawls out of the trapdoor."
"Spending the Christmas holidays in Beverly Hills, Casey bought a Christmas tree and set it up undecorated in his hotel room which was across the street from the Luau, a popular restaurant. Playing the lonesome cowboy, he’d sit at the bar, strike up a conversation with a gal, telling her it was his first Christmas away from home. Would she help decorate his tree? How could she refuse the love trap? He’d whisk her away and “loosen her up with champagne” as they decorated the tree. After she’d leave, Casey said he’d undecorate the tree and return to the Luau in search of other prey."
"As one of the founders of Heartwood, a regional forest protection network, she was instrumental in the group’s efforts, which resulted in significant protection of the region’s public forests. Among the public woodlands that benefited from her actions was the Hoosier National Forest in southern Indiana. She also served the organization as executive director, in addition to serving in leadership roles in other forest protection organizations, including Protect Our Woods, the Dogwood Alliance and the National Forest Protection Alliance."
"The Immigration (Amendment)(No. 5) Bill, 2011 also creates a separate immigration category for foreigners who have maintained a “substantial business presence” in the Cayman Islands and for visiting business people."
"2. I Didn't Know What Time It Was"
"BookTango says it pays \"100% of net\" on books sold through its own bookstore, and \"90% of net\" on books sold via other retailers, and claims its royalties are \"the biggest in the industry\" (hmmm...not so much; see below). Before you get stars in your eyes, what those numbers actually add up to is that for BookTango bookstore sales, \"net\" is what's left after BookTango takes a 30% transaction fee (so \"100% of net\" really means 70% of list); while for retailer sales, \"net\" is wholesale less a 10% BookTango commission. Retailer discounts can be as much as 60%, so in some cases authors may be making as little as 30% of list."
"I would liken the early communist conspirators, malevolent as they may have been, to a deluded scientist who created a faulty chemical weapon, which once injected into its victim takes on a life of its own, driven on mindlessly by the flaws within its design and independent of the plans of its designer."
"I guess I'm really tired of the suggestion that an exercise in pen and paper will alleviate my suffering. How could something so deep be so easily assuaged? And how in the world do I manage?"
"Théodore Ballu was an architect and planner whose most famous constructions are the rebuilt Hotel de Ville and the Trinité church. Both buildings were constructed whilst he was the Head of Public Works for the city of Paris in charge of buildings related to culture and religion. He was also involved in the construction of Saint Ambroise and St Joseph, the belfry of Saint-Germain l’Auxerrois, and was largely responsible for the typical classical style of many of the churches in Paris."
"* Each Little Diva Tutus model will receive a complete Little Diva Tutus outfit OR dress to model. The outfit will be decided by Little Diva Tutus and sent within 5-10 business days from the date the winner is announced."
"I get the impression that Barton Fink is a film that needs to be watched on more than one occasion to truly enjoy this work of art, but unfortunately this is the first time I have watched it and, whilst I now know what to look out for in repeated viewings, I was getting bored watching it.I do plan on watching it again and maybe I will change my opinion of the first half of the film as it is this that I feel lets Barton Fink down."
"** you will need to bring 3x 8’’ + 2x 6’’ mud cakes** recipe will be provided"
"I'm encumbered with bristly parasites,"
"Whilst the inner circles of the SNP gyre and gimble over the various scenarios thrown up by the media and anti-Independence parties over the question of adopting NATO membership, as a sop to soft unionists, perhaps it's time to consider what we already have in the ways of nuclear technology and other weapons of mass destruction."
"7. Visit a place that makes you sleepy. Even if it’s the middle of the night, find a place that normally makes you drowsy, such as your cubicle at work or the pew you sit in at church. If you start to feel sleep settle in, take advantage and sleep where ever you find yourself!"
"Hey America, we all should have clapped when she died because that was one less drug addict in our country. Instead, the masses cried for someone who sang songs for a living and for someone they only knew through their televisions and radios."
"One would wonder on going to Showcase Art Exhibition if exhibitions of newly emerged artists are as lively like and full of energy, or is it the versatile artwork that decorated the walls of Café D’Artistes that give it a different look this time."
"I wonder if they've done studies on the twenty-minute factor. Maybe everything gets easier if you stick to it for 20 mins. Maybe the payoff is always better if you do something for longer than that allotment of time."
"My advice of the day is to never fall into the 80/20 rule. Leaving 80% of what you want/need for 20% of what you think you want or need."
"Cook pasta according to package directions. Set aside. (I had left over pasta from the night before, just boiled some water, tossed it in for one minute and drained.)"
"you are never cold like February;"
"Factory Records Fac 213"
"Austerity isn’t a consequence of reduced government spending but of other government actions – taxes that are too high, interest rates that are too low, running the Royal Mint’s printing presses at full whack and failing to cut spending. Yes that’s right – failing to cut spending."
"Life in the village"
"but maybe click to enlarge and copy into word."
"The bright boroughs, the circle-citadels there!"
"Me: \"Gah! That was the blue team\""
"An Al-Qaida cell consisting of white converts, having infiltrated Denmark from Germany, unleashed a sarin nerve gas attack on the Copenhagen public transport system, killing 98 and leaving a further 2,000 in need of medical attention. Punitive counter-attacks on ghettoes by militias, their ranks swollen by a fresh batch of army and police defectors, caused thousands of casualties as strategic areas of key ghettoes were cleansed of Muslims in scenes of extraordinary brutality."
"Today marks a wonderful memory...24 years of marriage with my husband, Matt! Of course, it seems like many more, since we dated for over 4 years first. But I feel like it is so incredible in this day to be able to commit to one another for so long, through good times and bad, and still share such an amazing love for one another. It's sad, but I sometimes feel like some couples could benefit more by what Matt and I share, the ability to communicate and support one another so well."
"With a comment of “oh my” said around my nipple which was still between her teeth she resumed her sucking which was causing my cock to flop and pulse on her belly as she sucked . The sensation was of erotic teasing to the extreme. She was driving my arousal to such heights that it was difficult to breathe. I had an image in my mind of being a feather caught in the shifting breeze. The anguished pleasure emanating from my nipple caused me to drift listlessly in the air; I lilted from exquisite sensation to exquisite sensation, fluttering in pre orgasmic aroused euphoria. The erotic static electricity that was sparkling and tingling around my nipple was making my anus and cock throb and pulse."
"McDonald writes such a convincing description of Istanbul that I could believe he is Turkish. I originally bought the novel on the strength of his Hugo nominated “Vishnu in the Cat Circus\" which had me convinced that he was Indian. But he is English."
"Do you agree? Where is the line in your jurisdiction? Where do you think the line for copyright subsistence should lie? Please join in the debate using the comments section below."
"#25 morning mist"
"Store cheesecake bites in an airtight container in the refrigerator for a up to a week, or well wrapped in the freezer for up to a month."
"But thou, why goest thou back to such annoyance?"
"They tried too hard and they blew it."
"Congratulations Ladies - your Top Three badge is ready and waiting for you in the side bar."
"Week 2 has gone well! I only had one food slip, which is amazing in my opinion. I went to a baby shower, so I had some snacks which included a brownie and mini-canolli. Well worth it I must say! I got in all my workouts and then some. I'm now 10 pounds away from my goal and I am confident that it will happen. Although I shouldn't be, I'm worried for month 2 of Insanity. The workouts get so long! I notice though that I'm much more fit than the first time around so the month 1 workouts are tough but not ridiculous like they used to be."
"I know that man tries to describe it in physical terms; the first heaven being the atmosphere, the space where birds fly and in that area man can breathe and exist. Then there is the second heaven, that area we call space, beginning with the sun, moon, and stars; and where we look to view the Milky Way, etc. Then man thinks physically, that the third heaven is that which is out beyond that great expanse."
"“Mostly, it does occur in adults after the age of fifty, but not always. I had a young man in my office this morning that has the onset and he is only twenty-five, so it does occur in younger people. In your case, my concern is that it appears to be progressing rapidly. You are losing you vision from the center of your retina. Your peripheral vision seems to be only moderately effected, for now.”"
"My best friend"
"Recommendation $6,000"
"Friendships are so important to the human heart and spirit. Many of us have friendships with people, but how many of us have friendships that we can count on every single day. Genuine? Honest? Loyal? We may consider our spouses, significant others, siblings, or even a parent as our closest friend, but what about someone outside of that realm?"
"on Baguette"
"Because I've been trying to keep busy sightseeing, meeting up with friends and all that, I wasn't able to find much time to give last week's artistic consumption log my usual annotations. So once again, here's a barebones accounting of what I consumed artistically this week. As you can imagine, it's a rather, um, lean list...but a good one, for the most part."
"Lunch: Quinoa with basil, thyme carrots with red onions, bacon imitation bits (recipe from the best veggie burgers on the planet) and some olives. Some balsamic dressing from Appetite for reduction on top of this and it felt like I was in the middle of summer."
"Snackman diffused a fight on a New York City subway by getting between the kicking legs of a man and woman, all the while never breaking his stride of munching on his stack of Pringles. Did the dried potato flakes have something to do with Snackman’s heroism? Or maybe it was the Pringle man’s pristine mustache? Or the buckets and buckets of salt? Who knows?"
"I got workout gear from Oysho and Adidas x Oysho shoes from my parents, really happy with that! The shoes are perfect and I love the pants, but it's better to not wear them in the gym since they would attract some attention I think ヽ(゜Q。)ノ"
"The BGH stresses that the question whether or not the method is excluded from patentability as a computer program \"as such\" needs an independent analysis of the additional requirement that the claim comprises instructions serving the solution of a specific technical problem with technical means."
"I expect this team to get beyond the second round! At a minimum, that's the kind of step forward we should expect from a team that has spent the majority of the season in first place of both the Atlantic Division, and the Eastern Conference. And if you believe in natural progression, then getting beyond the second round is also the next logical step for this club."
"A few months ago I stumbled across these images from an old Nike Ad. Personally, I had never seen them before, however, I rarely look through print media. The image I posted above is my favorite. I grew up swimming and playing water polo, needless to say, I have never had the most dainty build. Going through my teenage years, it was something that I had been incredibly self conscious about. However, as I have gotten older I have learned to embrace them and their ability to show how I am strong and fit."
"Business travel isn't fun, but it doesn't particularly bother me either. I missed the Oscars and my friends' Oscar party for the first time in years, although I did manage to win the Oscar pool in absentia."
"Angel Six: “All of this has happened before.”"
"Colcannon"
"Dick B."
"(eyeshadow) Mix and Match: cheLLe"
"So, last week we went for our check up to see that I was suppressed and that would mean we would then be able to start growing the eggs and get the dates for our retrieval and transfer…you know, the fun parts!! We were so upbeat at the clinic and really had no idea that something could be wrong. When I got the phone call in the afternoon, I was stunned. My body isn’t responding to being suppressed so we have to double our medicine dose and come back in a week to test again. Tomorrow we find out if the increased medicine has done the trick."
"She was young and fearful. A shy girl"
"The first card was, in fact, the \"winner\" card. It is made of flimsy card stock. You can see the front below. The back has some small copyright text and a QR code (you'll see one later in this post). The next card was \"Diamond,\" who turned out to be the only female in the pack. She was born the year after I graduated high school. Man, I'm getting old."
"Echoing for all the museum to hear she declares, “Jules, he has a peter!”"
"I also planted pumkins yesterday. I had saved some seeds from last year's pumpkin so hopefully they sprout up in a few weeks. I am really hoping we get some pumpkins and we can decorate our house with them for Fall."
"See you soon in my new blog~"
"*Sweet pea is a bit calmer then what his or hers sister was but still throughs in a few punches here and there that makes me almost loose my breath"
"(us folks in Rock N Roll call jobs 'gigs')"
"This past week we took a trip with Paul through the pages of Acts and landed in Ephesus, home of those obsessed with the goddess Artemis (or Diana). Paul and his crew had told the Ephesians about the futility of idolatry and instructed them on the worship of the One True God (Jehovah), Creator of all things. The craftsmen of the city did not like Paul ruining business for them by telling the people that idols were worthless; they also did not appreciate some random, uninvited Jewish man entering their city and upstaging their goddess with talk of THE ONE TRUE GOD."
"Referring to the most recent Asian Development Bank (ADB)’s report and Indonesia’s statistic bureau which noted Indonesia’s positive economic growth, many stakeholders expected the central bank would keep the interest rate unchanged. With such favorable condition, the corporate bond market may have a chance to be more liquid giving a more competitive market to attract more investors."
"1. Duh, watching a drama live and reading subs at the same time! This has to be a big deal for those who don’t want to wait for recaps or for subs to be uploaded. Also, if you missed a line or dialogue, you can always scroll back through the translations."
"Even the biggest house didn't seem to have space for four children, so I did what any good writer would do – poked around until I found the guy in charge of the chickens, and asked him. My book had mentioned priests denouncing the immorality of brothers and sisters sharing a bed – but, as my new incredibly knowledgeable best friend pointed out, sometimes families didn't have much choice."
"I imagine there must be a firework designer somewhere - 'blue sparks on a background of white flame punctuated by showers of red' he might write and then choose and pack the chemicals accordingly. I imagine them in layers inside the cardboard tube like different coloured sand from the Isle of Wight. Then I think of all the experiments and demonstrations I used to do with my pupils and students - the magnesium burning with the intense white flame and the beautiful green and blue of the burning copper salt. Some colours are easy to get, some are impossible."
"Before I go into a brief recounting of the epic finale, I want to give thanks to everyone who showed enough interest to come to the local game store on a weekday night and throw dice for a couple hours. It is my great honor to have DM’ed for every one of the players who showed up at my table, numbering in the hundreds of unique players over 70+ weeks of gaming. I met a lot of great players during my run, and had the distinct pleasure of teaching dozens of people the basics of the game, and husbanding them through their initial foray into the world of Dungeons and Dragons. At some point I may write more eloquently on the subject of spreading D and D to the masses, but for right now I will just say that this is my own personal prime directive, and the Encounter program allowed me the chance to do that on a scale heretofore unimagined."
"WG: Now your job. Where did you train?"
"When he was pulled over the police were suspicious of him and his behavior. A black guy driving along is already a suspect. A black guy driving like shit is more than enough reason to pull the car over and investigate what’s going on. When the police walked up to Mr. Perry’s car to find out what’s going on, Mr. Perry replied that he drives the way he does to make sure he’s not being followed. At that point the hairs on the back of the two police officer’s neck must have risen up. Their hands may have already been on their service pieces in their holsters. But I’m quite sure at that point they disengaged the safety and whatever straps were used to keep their piece in check. A black man talking about he’s being followed must be a drug dealer or something else criminally oriented."
"2 pounds unpeeled, large fresh shrimp"
"During dinner at our favorite sushi place, we started talking about Geocaching. Geocaching is a really neat activity. You look up Geocaching sites in your area on the website and use a gps to locate the cache. The cache is usually a small container filled with little trinkets and a log of who found the cache. You can remove an item from the cache but if you do, you have to add something to it. Sign the log and return the cache to its original location so the next adventurer can find it. We just got a new smart phone with a geocaching app for finding local, caches. It has a map, a compass and a gps locator. Even though I was in heels and all dolled up, I really wanted to go find at least one cache. I have always been a tree-climbing, digging-in-the-dirt kind of girl. There were several right by the restaurant so off we went to a local cemetery for our first cache."
"So, the Bank Holiday weekend in the UK has begun - let the partying commence, whatever you have planned! Snigger, even if it's a walk in the rain - where's it all coming from huh?!"
"I just discovered Natasha Guderman, a photographer living in Paris. She likes to photograph women – naked – in their homes. On the Creative Review website she said:"
"Height and cross section in this area is critical as teams want a minimal cross section in between the front wheels and as much space underneath to fit bodywork to direct airflow to around and under the sidepods. So teams will tend to raise these bulkheads as high as they can go."
"one bite at a time"
"PLEASE, PLEASE READ THIS NEXT BIT AND BE AWARE I am showing you the step by step process of making a book from start to finish, therefore these videos are not 2 minute clips. It has taken me a lot of time and effort to make these videos and I have tried to make them as informative and short as possible. But ultimately I am making a hand sewn book from start to finish. If you don't have the time to watch them or have no interest in this type of thing, that is completely fine by me. I don't expect people to like or be interested in everything I do. I'm certainly not standing over you with a big stick.....honest, I'm not, heehee. Ohhhhhhh whats that behind you??? Only joking, lol. But for those who really want to see how books are made I need to let you know that if you are wanting to watch all the videos from start to finish, you may want to set aside an hour or so to sit and watch these videos. Either that or you could obviously watch them one video at a time as and when you get a spare few minutes as I have them broken up into sections. Either way, you aren't going to learn how to make a proper hand sewn book within a 2 minute video. So do be aware if you are on a 5 minute break blog hop or sneaking a few minutes nosey whilst the kids are eating.......you will not fit these videos in in that time unless you are watching them all separately over time. I just thought you should know this in case you thought it was a straight forward 5 minute video. BUT please don't take this to mean its hard to make a book. It really isn't. They are ridiculously easy to make, they just have different processes which need to be done and then bring them all together to make your book. They are so simple to make, you'll wonder why you havent made them before now."
"* University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas (USA)"
"My healing journey would look totally different had I received one word of apology from her. Had she expressed remorse or regret, had she expressed that she felt she’d made a mistake, or felt badly – I would be in a much better place than I am. Instead she mocked me, called me names, ridiculed me physically, and then expressed excitement and joy in the fact that my hard work and strife would be going to pay HER child support. She expressed joy at the idea of me slaving away to pay her monthly while she sits back and collects. She actually said the words, followed by a “Yay me!”. She then dragged us through the legal system with the help of a free lawyer, cost us hundreds of thousands of dollars, and continues now to squabble over $20 prescriptions for her child, for which we pay $19, and she pays $1 because her income is so disparate to ours."
"Deputy Joan Burton: ￼ ￼ He should withdraw it."
"I finally made it home to Michigan. YES! I did. However, I'm mighty sad it was sans bunnies. :( I still have to find a way to get them here soon. Hopefully I'll land a job, and be able to have them with me by the end of July. I didn't realize how expensive bunnies are to fly or ship. Chris has them in his new apartment safe and sound so."
"That all changed as Joe Elliott, Kurt Cobain, Michael Hutchence, Tom Cruise and others decided to give me an unwanted lesson in “sex ed”. Kurt Cobain even had a photo layout of him completely nude on a red silk sheet in a similar fashion to Marilyn Monroe’s famous photo. Masturbation, pregnancy prevention, and sex toys seemed to be a hot topic and I used when making up songs, such as, Darling Nikki, Erotic City for Prince, I Touch Myself for the Australian Divinyls and friends of Michael Hutchence."
"Anime: Eureka Seven"
"You can serve it as it is but I made Coffee flavoured Swiss Meringue Buttercream to go along with it."
"Anglo-American is the world’s third largest mining company. It is controlled by the Rothschilds and South Africa’s Oppenheimer family. It owns both Engelhardt- which enjoys a near monopoly in global gold refining- and the DeBeers diamond monopoly. The current De Beers chairman is Nicky Oppenheimer. De Beers was indicted in 1994 for price-fixing by the US Justice Department. To this day company officials do not set foot on US soil for fear they may be nabbed by US authorities."
"a) a besotted 14-year-old girl"
"Here are some awesome bloggers pulling off (or not) the trend:"
"Martin Gordon has packed a lot into his 30+ years in the music business. From Glam to Punk to perfect 80’s pop to an accomplished solo career, he’s done it all (see my earlier Martin Gordon review here for more info!). Linking all these together is his distinctive bass sound and an ever-present talent for writing intelligent, quirky and original songs. Add to this a brief stint as a Rolling Stone and working with the likes of Blur, Primal Scream, Boy George and George Michael and you’ve got a very full and varied career... One I've been itching to find out more about for some time!"
"“I’m surprised you haven’t chosen to pick on the parting of the red sea or on Noah’s ark or any of those events.” I have tackled these issues before, and it gets boring, but are you trying to say that you maybe even don’t believe these things happened? They didn’t, rest assured. If there were a worldwide flood, somewhere in the geological strata there would be proof of it, but there isn’t. If the Red Sea was parted, then there would be proof of thousands of Egyptian soldiers and their horses and chariots washed away in it. Nothing has been found in the Red Sea except something that may or may not be a chariot wheel. Oh, that’s proof of it right there. One object that slightly resembles a wheel is proof that Moses parted the Red Sea, therefore proving God! That’s the ace in the hole for people who try and prove the events of the Exodus."
"I like the Subaru wagons - they have space for gear, rifles, and groceries. It's a full time four wheel drive vehicle that many use for off-road fun. They're tough. That, I like. It pares well with my survivalist mentality."
"and if Congress won't make a deal that helps our nation,"
"The only other project that got completed this month was Octavius Bob - the Octopus I knit for my coworker (he just got his name today!)"
"First off, people may remember my post, or more famously the numerous others by more famous people, about Draw Mohammad Day. Well, Facebook caved like a B**** in front of her pimp when various Muslim groups started howling about \"Blasphemy\" and took down the facebook group page for people engaged in said drawing. Apparently, that wasn't enough to appease bloodthirsty dogmatic what can't stand an image of their prophet. Now, calls for the Founder of Facebook to be executed under Islamic law have been brought forth, as well as legal proceedings to make it happen. Congrats, man, you folded and now they put you on the chopping block."
"Details – Crocheted-Yoke Floral Pleated Dress by Angel love"
"Mysterious Girlfriend X ep. 4"
"It turned out to be porn & no video game"
"He answered, \" I will give you your answer tomorrow... \""
"April 2 – Blessing of the Fleet 5K, Darien, GA 29:30"
"Fernandes also questioned MAHB’s recent move to build a 3.96km third runway at the new LCCT called KLIA2 in Sepang, the delay in its completion as well as the escalating cost of building KLIA2."
"Graduate programs should use 3.0 as a minimum. Obviously, schools want to promulgate the view (sometimes an illusion) that their graduate students are a step up from undergraduates. At the same time, they want to promote the belief that graduate education is more rigorous and serious than its undergraduate counterpart. Sometimes these hypotheses are accurate and sometimes they are no more than myths. For instance, I can point to numerous instances in which a school's undergraduates are more intellectually capable than their graduate peers."
"Accept and vow not to touch the mince pies? Warn everyone else not to touch the pies? Pretend to eat a pie but secretly drop it behind the book displays?"
"Riley decided to make himself comfortable in Justin's desk chair. How sweet is that? (Please excuse the awesome mess of paperwork completely surrounding Justin's desk area. He decided to clean out his desk over the weekend, so I wasn't going to complain about the papers strewn about all over the floor!)"
"The Mississippi climate is also in his favour."
"Sigh. I just want someone to tell me that it will be OK. That this isn't really anything and that it too shall pass. I want to call my mom. I want to get a hug from my dad. But that won't be for some many, many years."
"My best friend and his father were out car-shopping in the Kinross/Secunda area, when they were pulled over by a police vehicle, for no apparent reason (he was in standard 5 at the time). They were both shot and killed on the spot."
"Seriously good night. The ATL feels a little bit more like home every day."
"Mom: I told that guy not to bring that guy."
"I'm bored:/"
"“: Cask No. 50.45 has taste notes of chocolate raisins, red apples and lemon! #YUM #FLAVOR #WHISKY” Sounds SO delicious!"
"Oy gevalt; I heard one of the previews a while back, and even as a big Metallica fan, I don't think I can bring myself to listen"
"50 pack wouldn't make it through a week. Were talking 200 packs."
"It's Wednesday morning and I'll drink scotch by myself if I want to."
"Haggaaaaaa...\"you wanna date?\""
"Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is the probable reason so few engage in it. -Henry Ford"
"Video and audio are passive compared to reading. But there are certain instances where they can be very valuable."
"Yeah yeah yeah yeah"
"- Love the Elevation Dock update on Kickstarter! Can't wait to get mine - will local pick up be available?"
"Let Lollipop Mondays at Colony tonight BEGIN!!!"
"Washington take on the tonight at 7:30. Catch it on projectors with full sound"
"I CAN'T GET NO SLEEP!"
"Can you give some vikings news???"
"for real we about to step out the door I will be at ur casa in a few min"
"andre miller is a bum..."
"I'll look for the nerd inthe corner"
"Sinatra, Phil Collins, and Jimmy Buffet"
"Think Ima go home tonight, I just wanna lay in my bed and sleep good. Over it...."
"If I wanted to observe US history in reverse, I would have revved up my DeLorean. Disappointed,"
"“God had to create disco music so I could be born and be successful!\" ~Donna Summer RIP :'("
"Cut the air off"
"um...a bowl of special k, thens its off to showerville"
"meh.. I'm debating whether be should still be best friend or not for that.."
"can i get one follow back please"
"Just drafted you for my fantasy football team. Don't ask me how. Like Nike says, I just did it..."
"watching your video now. Just subscribed to ya. Keep it real man"
"So smart that we have school tomorrow during a boiling alert. 😡"
"So Call Me Maybee"
"Trying to figure out dinner"
"2 days till the #R5WestCoastTour concert im going to starts!!"
"Shannon and I are going HAM next weekend."
"Learned lump of scar tissue I had removed from my hand is common among alcoholics... Hm"
"We had Aviations tonight. D's wonderful sister will be with us for a week. I think that means Eastern Standard soon."
"RT : If you have a good boyfriend, don’t make him pay for the mistakes that other boys made"
"Who all's coming to Panama City Beach for Spring Break?!"
"Bout to watch the avengers"
"I hate the fact that you say you miss me, but you don't do anything about it."
"I wouldn't go near it!"
"What a golden age in advertising when the focus relied on yelling and throwing a fit. I entered the design game way too late."
"Thanks so much! You know I think I knew that somewhere in the back of my mind... :) We should meet for lunch sometime!"
"I finally kicked a HR for kickball but I can't even enjoy it cause we did not win."
"watch a replay of xlv and make plans for xlvii?"
"I want what's best for me. That's all I can think about. Nothing more! Nothing less. I'm ready to eat Lyrically"
"Not advisable. And interests along the entire north. Gulf of Mexico coast should monitor the progress of this disturbance."
"OT are ya with me?!?"
"hey no arguments here."
"What do you look forward to the most during Balloon Fiesta?"
"you are the funniest guy ever i love agents of secret stuff!!! plz make a sequal"
"wants to do something"
"Our Libraries for Sustainability Webinar series part 2 for today has 109 people signed up - international too! Woot!"
"jajajjajaj...LAPD really was just down the street...helicopter and all...LOL...i was peeking out my window..LOL"
"Debit card located at bar....yipee I don't have to pay for everything today."
"Yeah, if I was in Detroit, I'd probably be living in the only occupied house in an abandoned neighborhood."
"Looks like Adobe will succeed in making Adobe Edge the tool of choice for Standards-based animation (HTML5)"
"Excuse my hair didn't feel like brushing it. #butitscurly :D"
"We never know the love of our parents for us till we have become parents."
"Let's keep up the NYC spirit and run 10K- #WorkOutTime I'll let u know if I'm alive after the first 3'"
"Home after a tough loss tonight to Florida"
"GifBoom is #amazing! (:"
"If they add any more spring sports at Canby, I might just cry a little. 12 spring teams (!!) RT : Canby don't sleep"
"Omg I just got a a heart attack i'm seriously crying because I got so scared"
"what to do this weekend??? :-)"
"wow, your mom has some MAD skills! She should start a biz selling them, I would promote the hell out of it"
"dang it. I wanted to watch it"
"What bars would you like to see the Pedal Mill stop at? Looking to expand our list of bars that will give our riders specials"
"I can't stand when people at the gym don't put up their weights when their done."
"Spring is here in Milwaukee... Brewers Opening Day game today."
"Want to get involved?! Her Campus exec is taking applications now!"
"US SC rules in Marmet Health Care Center, Inc. v. Brown case involving state court's disregard of precedent re FAA: 565 U.S. ____ (2012)."
"that was a good thing"
"I love your new twitter name."
"I see that you're breakin, your heart is breakin. Here's my hand if you'll take it. We can make it out."
"neither did l."
"my life is a joke."
"Having some serious #wsp withdraws thinking about the spring run 02; sad but blessed 2 have shared so many memories w/ mikey."
"Peyton to negotiate with the Broncos!!"
"People will always try to be negative, all you can do is continue smiling and stay positive."
"Blossom & The Front Row theater. Great Times!"
"Getting Whataburger! Finally I know what and say when they say it's amazing!(:"
"To The Person Who Just Unfollowed Nia. lOl. GOOD Job. GO follow Me"
"\"...more girls are killed in this routine 'gendercide' in any one decade than people were killed in all the genocides of the 20th cent...\""
"Etrade put an extra 1000 in my account! But before I could do anything they took it out. ):"
"“ 👵👴 ole folks and 👦👧 lil children .. nosiest and messiest ppl in da WORLD”"
"We'll also talk US-China relations on-set after the SED in Beijing--French, Egyptian and Greek elections. #cctvamerica 9pm EST/9am Beijing"
"A small group of protestors have already gathered 14th and Broadway in front of Frank Ogawa Square"
"Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Baked Sweet Potatoes with Ginger and Honey 4.39 / 5 Stars | 86 Reviews by Christine L. \"Fresh ginger, cardamom,"
"41 Big Ten players taken in 2012 NFL draft. 2nd most of any conference. SEC had 42 drafted."
"it really doesnt, and idk who picked florida to sing with her, but whoever did didnt really understand her"
"LONG NIGHT...but telling myself...This is the day the Lord has made, I WILL rejoice & be glad!!!!"
"Fourth block ughh"
"Same to you! xoxo"
"carolyn? Or other people lol"
"have you tried Newsie? It's a fast & slick new iPhone Google reader."
"lol i'm sure you already got one. :p"
"Check out the diamond dezign ideas promotions on the diamond networ!"
"Ugh Mondays"
"AH your so close to 600K. i can't handle the wait! #Austinto600K MAHOMIE FAMILY IS GROWIN <3 #SoProud :')"
"took u forever to follow back \"woman of God\""
"09 Duckhorn Migration #Chardonnay. Vanilla cream nose. Melon, good acid, very (too) buttery. Neither complex nor subtle. 87 pts"
"indians scattered on dawn's highway bleeding. ghosts crowd the young child's fragile eggshell mind."
"I am sure everyone on that stage is for privatizing the TSA - though I may be wrong."
"Donald Trump must be desperate to contact the newsrooms to claim responsibility for the death of Osama. Sorry Mr. Trump, your direct line..."
"Looking forward to seeing you soon! Another #smart #PR grad. Lucky me!"
"I love Miller commercials saying they cut out the filler. They may have gotten the filler, but they took everything else out with it."
"ENOUGH IS ENOUGH."
"I jst can't seem to resist, I'm a little too not over you"
"is it K-Rod's Quad or Groin that's injured? Kotsay said it is a groin injury on MLB Network last night."
"By saying mostly \"mushroom\" Christian R U saying you're the \"model\" Christian? We can't grow apart from grace! 2 Pet 3:18"
"wow. Heckuva thesis."
"your cuter though :3"
"beats #Italy for the time ever!"
"Where do you draw the line between doing what's best for others, and thinking of yourself?"
"Sitting at work while getting texts from friends who are out shopping on this holiday is making me very sad. Very sad indeed."
"wow! Honored for the follow. I think you are the first mayor to follow us. We ❤ Southfield!"
"tell my nigga Marc i said what up"
"want to shed weight? Buy and use a fitbit. I've been using one for three months and I've shrunk by two belt notches"
"Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RTc"
"Jamie’s advice to Jessica"
"Some shit been cookin up on the street. Dont think we disappeared. we just got some crazy shit cookin for ya'll."
"oh wow! how did that go? i've always wanted to do a juice cleanse but I don't know if I could handle it! i'm doing a general"
"Coach letting and myself spit colt45 on the van>>>"
"So ashamed of #Texas Longhorn fans. Stop booing! Hook'em! Class of 81"
"how much are tickets? are there ever going to be any specials like last year where you discounted them for a day or so?"
"Needs to start paying my rent to the library"
"I Just Wanna Say i LOVE"
"No doubt, we will. We've got some awesome ATL-area BBQ friends: , ,"
"The South Asian author panel was one of the best I attended!"
"Whatta ya say Los!!!!!"
"RT Starvation diet no exercise works well. Toenails and ear jam never tasted more delicious, and with no carbs either"
"OFWGKTA will always have a special place in my heart."
"In my dream job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke. Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things. Gawd."
"Chelsea Handler in a movie = automatic not ever seeing it. Ever."
"i cant wait until it comes out"
"I really hate baby talk written its like trying to Read Jim's Character from Huck Finn. So, please write it out."
"I followed for you"
"Also want some seafood..."
"Its not even my birthday, an he's trynna lick the icing off."
"AAHH. GET UP, CHRISTINA. YOU HAVE TO LEAVE, SOON."
"Thank you twilert for watching out. To all my followers, check out twilert"
"you set a goal and try and be active to reach that goal. It's a great watch if nothing else."
"amazing. It really seemed to happen in the blink of an eye. I'll have to try and catch the end when it replays."
"To all christians all over the world. We must embrace of salvation with enthusiasm and excitement everyday to win to lost souls."
"they'll still be dirty if that makes you feel any better"
"how many, exactly, is \"X\"?"
"Just my luck. My phone isn't charging. Anyone know how to fix this?? It isn't charging to any charger or USB"
"We had a mama duck & ducklings on the property, but she tired of all the silly humans & left."
"well i may go DT today"
"Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out? :DD 2"
"they should definitely try your ice cream. I get some every time I'm in Seattle. Balsamic Strawberry 4ever!"
"Progress might have been all right once but it has gone on too long."
"...is awful at sleeping and worse at not gambling"
"Ron Carpenter Jr: The most common trap on the road to significance is the detour of importance."
"so true...“: Ladies you can't change him. That's God's job. The only women that ever changed me were babysitters. #youllgetitlater”"
"It's not about the money, money, money"
"you notice ? but not me and you follow her. :'( *tear,tear* I LOVE YOU JUSTIN"
"Haha ruthless chirp... We still have an outside chance, but I'm giving the east to Florida State now"
"A man has one hundred dollars and you leave him with two dollars, that's subtraction."
"Man remember that time when Bill Clinton unleashed Wall Street and they did lots of stupid shit and now were in this debt crisis"
"A pretzel sounds really good right now, yummy!"
"Myself is the only one that gets in my way of doing what I know I need to do. Once I learn this I might do the best thing I was meant to do."
"Hello #RadioWaves keeping updated with ? make sure to follow them on twitter and \"like\" them facebook.com/radioforthepeople"
"Weekend Brunch Special: Croque Madame Sandwich - Grilled French Bread w/ Swiss Cheese. House Ham. 2 Eggs, Finished w/ Bechanel Sauce $9."
"The devil out here buying souls giving no refunds"
"valerie brunson is the coolest person in the world."
"It's almost party time!! See the map below if you need directions. Convergence 1755 NW 16th St. 7:30pm-Midnight."
"more than welcome,,but truly,,thank you,,just for being #YOU!!"
"Back to American Greatness: Knowing no one owes you anything. Help comes from kindness not by demand from others."
"The birds are on ESPN this afternoon. Outstanding, I get to watch in Hawaii. Let's Get-R-Done #Orioles and #caps do a number on New York."
"At home after delicious raw meal"
"Free John Jolly of the Packers! April 20: \"Court date on drug-related charges stemming from his alleged involvement in a drug ring.\" -Yahoo"
"Of course every make from ford has had problems today! Found On Road Dead. Fix Or Repair Daily."
"Word of the Day: Vision"
"Planning a new site for the photography side of things. it deserves a site of it's own. Until then, great summer deals on photos! email me!"
"was funny to look up and see dicaprio standing on the side smoking a cig"
"Business conferences are important, because they demonstrate how many people a company can operate without."
"'I sit there thinking how much courage it takes to live an ordinary life.'--Colum McCann ('Let the Great World Spin')"
"Pickup Line: Wanna ride? i got a truck and a box of condoms."
"Thank you for following us! This month we have great pricing on custom suits, fully tailored. Come on in."
"Tomorrow's Friday<3"
"would you rather be waddle or silvy's boyfriend?"
"you've been my FF kicker for 5 years; in that time: 2 reg season champs, 2 post season champs... Coincidence? I think not!"
"Morning Alex!"
"“: \": Go jeff!! Great djing\" ” thanks guys"
"Mac OS X Lion has taught me one new habit: Command-W before Command-Q."
"I should not be allowed in your local fred meyer."
"hey stranger lol"
"I hate that! Go to the bookstore dressed like a goddess. Always fun!"
"Yeah good. I should win too. Got Jennings vs. Peterson tonight. Come on 3-7 lol."
"Already getting ready for #CincoDeMayo!"
"Eating grapefruit may indeed impact insulin levels, speed up metabolism and lead to weight loss say researchers"
"“: Key: Great content drives sharing which drives engagement which drives ad effectiveness - Ben Straley #nbcusocialtv” thanks!"
"The Batman knows."
"\": This wind is trying to fight.. I see you dawg. #iseeyou\""
"If we're gonna cheat words for friends why play lol"
"Rx2you provides #prescriptionassistance #petmeds #glasses check us out on the web by scanning our QR code"
"The strawberry shenanigans continue this Friday May 5th at the NYU Strawberry Festival!"
"Need something to do this weekend...still tryna figure that out"
"just sent you the email! See you there!"
"A travesty. RT : Dudes take pictures of themselves driving?"
"thank you! Hope to see you soon!"
"this guy with a missing eye keeps staring at me. *gulps*"
"!!,RT I HAVE NO ROOM FOR FAILURE.......I HAVE NO ROOM FOR BS ....I ONLY GOT ROOM FOR SUCCESS"
"sometimes DNS is the best decision. My one and only was the right call"
"Two flights, 0 working TVs/headset jacks. So disappointing! Can I get a voucher for next time? 4-20 flight 683 and 4-23 flight 686."
"; uh-oh.. Looks like you've fucked up again."
"I accidently sent it before it was done and just said fuck it haha"
"Wait, Billy Bragg licensed his music to flippin' \"Love and Other Drugs?\" :("
"Nothin' but green tea this a.m."
"Are you seeing Ozzy tonight? Keep the party going afterward with drinks at the Orange Iguana!"
"Awesome!! Thanks John :)"
"gfjksdbkjxhzfzjda is how i felt."
"GLOBE &amp; MAIL: Mercer International Abandons Battle For Fibrek"
"how 'bout a #RedSox Nation email club, which you reply to as many fans as possible a few times a week, good hobby!"
"Falling asleep to The Only Way is Essex. Bonne nuit!"
"no it wasn't, stop"
"hash tag that shit"
"As I start to share my blog with lots of new people, it sort of feels like letting the neighborhood go through my underwear drawer..."
"\" Downloading 97%... 98%... 99%... *downloading error* OH GOD KILL ME NOW!\""
"Just realized that comes between Nico and Night Ranger in my iPod. That's about right."
"haven't tweeted in awhile"
"Researching your family tree can lead you to many different treasures. Learn how @ www.myfreegenealogy.com"
"#Germany Can Good Generals have vices? Read controversial new #Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazonkindle"
"Trying to decide if we want to record with #davidadammonroe The opportunity is there, will we take it? We'll see soon enough!"
"gypt suffers a loss of $90 mn owing to Internet blockage"
"yeah i guess since i'm here i might as well get stuff done...I will probably leave in awhile and work from home...."
"Debora - I detest exaggeration"
"My favorite Shiraz and listening to Mambo Express"
"your so beautiful, love ya!"
"Thanks, ! We think so too! :) we had a great #Articulate training yesterday at Highmark. Yukon has awesome trainers!"
"Led Zeppelin my music of choice for Sunday cleaning. Their intricate guitar, plaintive lyrics & melodies put me in zone."
"no man! Thank you!!! Don't ever stop making music!"
"fearless and fierce, doll......."
"it not even ma birth day and u want to blow the candle out????!!!!!!!!!!"
"com, shares some tips and the journey that any gamer might encounter:"
"Q. How do you make your girlfriend scream while having sex? A. Call her and tell her."
"Check it out check it out check it out check out -- check this mutha fucka out !!"
"oh, you must be talking about that whole \"life\" thing. Best of luck!"
"I am so sick of Dwayne Wade's smug bullshit."
"DON'T BE MEAN, WYATT."
"“Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn’t.” ― Erica Jong"
"Everyone's favorite Bill Raftery will be on The Zone with on at 4:30. Tune in."
"The EWCA rules in Ajinomoto Sweeteners case involving the single meaning rule in defamation and malicious falsehood: [2010] EWCA Civ 609."
"Awesome. Thanks!"
"- No worries. Appreciate the consideration. We've got more events later this yr. ;)"
"To clarify, I am still rooting for my Lakers, but \"trust issues\" and lack of energy make it very difficult to believe..."
"at that point I just do nothing..."
"well, we might have a project to do together."
"#shoutout to follow"
"TI's going back to prison for 11 months. Hopefully, this will be his last time."
"Wow...Tebow to the Jets. Do they have turf there? If so it'll be more comfortable for him to kneel."
"Good friends are like hot chocolate on a winter's night. Gives you that warm, cozy feeling. Better if the friends bring little marshmallows."
"Let's go #Tigers How bout 2 in a row"
"\": #MentionTo someone you think about every night and day.\" Dennis Ray <3"
"Someone's getting hitched today... I wonder who!"
"OMG! I have never laughed this much at a damn movie lolz!!! Dinner for schmucks is hilarious!"
"Good morning folks."
"A liitle over 100 cappers on today's hoops posted and 40 cappers so far with their SB pks and expect a ton more by kickoff"
"Wish I was still on spring break"
"Lets go to bayshore and forget what state we are in."
"I don't wanna go get a shot later :("
"RT : \"a hundred years ago, TVs only cost, like, a penny\""
"Recent garage sale plunder: THE KNOWN WORLD (25¢), LET THE GREAT WORLD SPIN (25¢), THE WRITER'S CRAFT (50¢). A dollar well spent!"
"How do you spend your nights, honey? Still watchin tv? I long to be in your arms honey, come back to me"
"If you don't follow and , a) you should, and b) see tonight's Twitter convo. All class."
"#UWMadison Graduates! Do you have friends and family flying in for graduation? Let Us Drive them from #MKE #ORD. 608-764-2917."
"The Goods, crank 2, and the town"
"Daylight savings starts tonight remember to spring forward."
"Fast Facts: The 13th step of the state capital building in Denver is exactly 1 mile high above sea level."
"2013 Haskins Prize Lecturer Robert Alter speaks on \"The Pleasures & Perils of Translating the Bible\" tomorrow"
"I need your help with something whenever you see this. lol"
"love u justin !amazing music amazing look amazing persona"
"Thank you RT : following!"
"haha yes i take a break when i'm sleeping or driving too ;)"
"It would only make sense for Aramis to go yard right now."
"like spine boarding and concussion mgmt stuff??"
"thanks for following :)"
"Feeling good"
"TRIVIA: Who built the world's first four-wheeled automobile?"
"NEVER LEAVE US \" Retirement from means I'm back to my own twitter open all the time. Returning to twitter for realz yall.\""
"do you know any good small venues out there?"
"I think he's just hiring copyeditors and proofreaders. But send him a note--maybe he can hook you up!"
"lipstick n lace sounds like its gon be real sexy good luck girl"
"I wanna delete"
"Niki played the part of GaGa this year..."
"wardrobe change for the little fashionista, am wondering what will it be!"
"#EBUS118 that's my favorite feature of I get so much done by pre-scheduleing tweets!"
"Or they're Justin Timberlake and only date celebrities? Haha"
"phone caller wanted list of public computer classes. they're only being offered downtown because i'm the only one putting them together."
"Trying to keep up w/ tweets makes me feel like that guy in The Plague who counts peas all day."
"This looks great Andrew..."
"If this girl says UM one more time......"
"Apparently it's #NationalWingDay! Did you know we have Hot Wings at Kuko's in Regular, Lemon Pepper, Garlic and Hot & Spicy flavors?"
"Breaking Bad: free gift with every purchase of meth cook."
"Well, that would be awesome. I hope it works out! It would be weird for me to show up at catwest and not see you at all!! :)"
"Today is quote a musical day.. For me at least."
"Today @ 2pm EDT: Admin Karen Mills & Sec Ed hold a Twitter Q&A on #smallbiz opps & recent grads. Ask ? w/"
"I do not like mackenzie she is such a dork"
"That's what I assume, but they don't specifiy."
"why arent you allowed to shop there?"
"Happy Hour in D.C www.DCAfterWork.com"
"Was actually just getting up to go get some when you posted that."
"WRONG! The Backstreet Boys are the ULTIMATE boyband!"
"Huntsman: Bo Xilai was charismatic, used public campaigning, the local media. May have been part of his downfall"
"awe ok then. When u decide to play all u gotta do is log in and explore to different city's."
"Thanks for following! Greatly appreciate it! :)"
"Back together. ♡♡ツツ♥♥"
"(realness of emergence vs. Process). I think I am ignorant. I don't understand emergence I guess. A link 2 help an fellow out???"
"We are the learning leaders of the community. We have to LEAD."
"I still use OSX widgets as well."
"Say it isn't \"snow\" (punny aren't we?) Flurries!"
"I checked around to see if Family Guy is on the market yet. Sorry to tell you it is not. But I'll keep searching. Tweet ASAP"
"they didn't even ask you to play some ballpark organ?"
"yess I know I just love them I was texting them through the storms asking them how the were because we live were some hit"
"really liked it, well done."
"You're only bad if you get caught, so that makes me a good girl right?(;"
"well played."
"this whales heart is the size of a cow... #blueplanet is blowing my mind."
"windmill? On 3 defenders..."
"I keep asking myself if it's all my fault. I think it is. I gotta do better. More #coffee & less #sleep should be the trick! :D"
"Happy Bday! Today is your day lil mama!"
"Good Morning!"
"Fuck. The internet on my phone isn't working."
"Hm....which winery to visit today?"
"\"Release the kraken!\" -President Obama"
"my husband was wondering why I was smiling and laughing so much. I told him it was twitter."
"Can you post the Mike Nealy interview online so those of us who are blocked by cox can see what he said?"
"I'm surprise about Michael Jackson."
"RT Worry is temporary atheism."
"you're lying! haha :) love ya ♥"
"AFSCME Local 171 steward Anne Habel: Union leaders are NOT meeting at Madison Labor Temple tonight to discuss general strike."
"Getting this dumb romeo and juliet hw done with. Fuck this lol they die in the end anyway"
"America's surrogate mothers explores the role of mammy in popular culture."
"Congrats, Jeff, awesome!!"
"You think?"
"Why must these discussions start two seconds after a defeat?You always say things you don't mean when angry."
"Man, they better get a CBA deal done. This is MADNESS!!! Football's my therapy, my medicine! I'm gonna be unstable without it!"
"“To keep the body in good health is a duty, otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.” — Buddha"
"really wanting something more"
"♥ Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(10)"
"what Where are you from baby"
"I weighed in and gained 0.8 lbs."
"I'm tweeting I'm tweeting! Woo."
"yes you can!! Its easy!!!"
"Hi yep your totally right"
"“: 120 push press :) :) :) :) #crossfit” great work, and lots of smiles too!"
"How dare you have personal principles?! Dance, clown, dance! (P.S. I love you so much right now.)"
"that's only part of happiness,to me.If u know where u can go,where life&god can/could have taken u,why be content with this?"
"you cheat."
"Don't want severe wx, but rain would b nice 2 settle down allergens."
"At SF int. leaving for Seattle, playing tonight - One of the most wonderful club in the country"
"Just getting up..."
"MIST is great!"
"Hey there fans! We've set up a special discount for you. 'Reply' if you want in and I'll give you the hook up!"
"OK then. A root beer will have to do."
"National Curry Week...no wonder #Chicago smells like shit today.."
"It funny to watch the Jogging 101 class run by, \"ok guys so what you do is put one leg in front of the other and move faster then walking\""
"SPECIAL: Bucket of Corona's $25"
"New drinking game: Take 1 shot every time you see a dick on Omegle. Catch: The game can only humanly last for 10 mins."
"Dumanis says Little Italy is liveable and walkable, and we need more of that."
"There's no such thing as a bad derby cake. They all look and taste great after a few mint juleps:)"
"I wish I had a boyfriend from another school so I could at least go to their prom.... \"/"
"Funny stuff. RT : How did January Jones end up in a Ed Harris movie? Or, how did Ed Harris end up in a January Jones movie?"
"Liking your own status on Facebook should be illegal"
"check out Francoeur's cannon"
"we're closing early today because of this GORGEOUS weather!! (definitely using sarcasm! ha)"
"nothing tops des moines. nothing."
"Home for Easter? How's that going?: Students often find it tough leaving home for the first time but, writes Mad.."
"I don't need anybody but me, but girl i want you"
"totally hates me! i tweet him 24/7 asking if he would follow me but he never does!!! wahh!! :'("
"Yep I am the Leader On Duty. Just ask for a manager and I'll come running."
"Enjoy!! I had all kinds of plans to meet up w/ folks, but instead I walked arnd in a daze, wide-eyed & cmpletly overwhelmed!"
"Awesome night with some amazing people!"
"“: It's good. Nothing great tho!” Really? Have you had Five Guys burgers? I like those a lot"
"Lol. Awesome how he won't let me see his phone. Obviously he's hiding something. #SketchyAsFuck! xD <3Rainbows<3P.L.U.R.<3"
"(bryan) toothpick + vacuum == lint(gone) =&& (working iphone audio & mic jack) && (I didn't break it while hacking in an ext mic)"
"Putting \"ha\" after every fucken word is stupid. Pay attention in school.dont worry about eastlake when you have grammer issues!"
"I eat carbs"
"The new book and film library additions are catalogued. I do love a good organizational purge."
"Thanks I just posted the position."
"And Burberry print."
"Thank you all for a great game and a great season!"
"I am no different from when I was single and when I'm in a relationship, Im simply just happier and smiling more often, so shut up (:"
"Standing in a long line at Kreuz Market...feeling like I may be full before I make it to Black's (@ Kreuz Market w/ 2 others)"
"and pepperonis have overtaken pizza! amazing..."
"yes, but only a little! There is enough testing out there already."
"isn't that like when dogs \"scoot\"?"
"I am so happy you liked the Top 50 Boy Band Songs station on Spent a lot of time putting it together!"
"Absolutely. The timing sucks!"
"Brunch is served"
"Nice! I hope so, for 's sake."
"Seriously! So tense and so wrong that we have to wait until April for more."
"Exactly cause j crawford hates the nuggs smfh RT : And why is that not a flagrent?"
"went on fun 1st date with super nice guy! Out to lunch downton and walk to art gallery! Best first date in forever. woo hoo"
"I don't know tha-- AAAAHHHHH!!! *transmission ends*"
"“: Word on the street is is gunna be at cheeky tonight” true story!"
"Flânerie conquers all."
"meeting up with the guys in a bit to take a ride on the bikes to lunch!"
"when's the decadent housewarming?"
"have fun tonight, should be a great game"
"IMiss My Phone..... :/ Somebody STOLE IT..."
"lol, that feel more pre-mw than mw, the only community where the fights stop when we break out the booze!"
"::Waves back::"
"We're the VIP hyper-local cab service to the highrises, upscale venues, and hotels of downtown Austin."
"I want a weird al accordion"
"Marlins Vs Mets ! Can't wait ⚾⚾⚾"
"if your man enough to bring a child into the world, be man enough to take care of it."
"That is the best news I've heard all day. Carry on, then!"
"it's cool Bill! Have a great show tonight!"
"Walking with neighbors and friends for the # -- and against violence and fear"
"The Hunger Games movie just makes me even sadder that Effie didn't show up in Mockingjay wielding a machete."
"#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex sex therapy"
"Ok, ok enough of the retweets for the day. Back to model making."
"saw 5 year engagement really loved it and you! You're cookie monster, elmo fight scene with Emily blunt was genius."
"Chillin with my best bud dave herro @ his b.day party!!!!!"
"now this starting to cut me"
"hey babe"
"Patience peeps, Manning will come and everyone in Denver will be happy."
"and so is"
"Love Can Make You Feel Like You're In Heaven But It Can Hurt Like Hell!"
"lol we got into some things what a summer lol! We should do Tampa or Orlando!"
"I asked God to resurrect me like Jesus and he did it twice #Happy Easter"
"I cant believe this... smh"
"omg. why am I just seeing this? LOL."
"Complicated relationships! That that shit I don't like! Aye! aye!"
"Agreed, though his \"strict enforcement of rules\" went out the window with the first real test (Union president Richezza)."
"johns pizza in Greenwich village, the best"
"Yay! Thrice tickets for Trying to decide if I should use extra ticket 2bribe some large man to hold me up so I can see 4 once"
"4 hour naps can fix almost anything..."
"G U NIIITTTTTTTT"
"HILARIOUS!! Been toying with the notion of putting our 7 song EP on iTunes and then giving proceeds to"
"I feel another fight coming on with the vacuum do you two even know where that is?!?"
"Lady Gaga said iconic :o"
"RT : Anyone's company having a fundraiser in December? Let me know so I can list in calendar!"
"Goodbye Yermo! Headed to Vegas w/ behind w/ bringing up the rear!"
"Looking for creative ideas to generate revenue from and online magazine. Other than subscription, and advertisements...??"
"ok sure....your boasting...we def will have it early i dont know about you tho....also we are in the USA i will have Madden 11 early"
"I just wanna talk to this certain person ."
"Believing is all a child does for a living. - Kurtis Lamkin. How much would \"being more like a child\" help you reach your goals?"
"Philippines Still the Hottest Real Estate Market in Southeast Asia. PLC International Marketing Networks – a Manila Condotel Investme..."
"- thanks!! Cheers!!"
"RT : What are we going to do after they pass cap-n-tax?> stop feeding this beast!!"
"Come on #Broncos stay focused and win it"
"vw using indiana license plates? excellent."
"Just got canceled for tonight, too windy and cool. Oh well, night off ."
"Wish I could take a weed break instead of just a cig break right now"
"I don't care what anyone says...Lesnar legit busted Cena in the mouth, was not an accident."
"thx for the mention. Hope the session was informative."
"Our pleasure! Glad it worked out! RT : Spoke to Debbie this morning. Terrific lady! Thanks for helping me out!"
"I sware, if we get another crappy weekend of weather I'm going to go flipppin crazy on someone."
"“: If this dude don't wake his vampire ass up... #comeonbruh” im up GM son! (yawn) Happy Hour for Breakfast O_o"
"The Devil Wears Prada, ITV used to be Granada, I like Groove Armada, Let's all go down the strand, Have a Bannana! that's all i'm saying!"
"Jim Collins: humility+will combo of Level 5 not enough in world of chaos + uncertainty"
"say hey to POTUS for me. ;)"
"#healthtip: Listening 2 a song that inspires you within the 1st moments of waking up each morning will help get ur day off 2 a good start"
"Jessie James is following me!!!! :D"
"Made it to work thru the snow. . . the return trip home will be interesting to say the least!"
"i did but not no quality. just some where to work on lil shit... i c u tweet 16 what he tlkin bout son"
"Hey guys hows your day going? :] just got home from my friend's house. It was really fun! :D"
"The reason I found Obama's trip to Roscoe's pandering is that he has affinity for blacks. There's no black agenda like gays and Latinos."
"\"There's a lot to be said for self-delusionment when it comes to matters of the heart.\" - Diane Frolov and Andrew Schneider"
"Bitch Aint Say HappyBirthday To Me When It Was My Birthdaye ! Smh . Thaats Why iKnow Bout Your Weave That You Trynna Call Your \"Real Hair\""
"Don't forget our reception this Friday, May 6 from 6 to 8:30pm!"
"Finally someone!! Hey there."
"CAN'T STOP CODING...except to eat :)"
"#UWRightNow: Refreshing the resume & proof reading a cover letter; some students at are graduating soon. Wish this guy some luck!"
"Is actually looking forward to the marathon month of grad school auditions."
"Had lunch at a brewery in Old Town Witchita. Now making the return trip to OKC. It's been nice knowing you Kansas."
"#nwpam11 last year the federal government broke our collective hearts when they ended direct funding for professional dev. for teachers"
"Loved that it was where #Justified was filmed! \": Heading to the courthouse with to get our marriage license!\""
"Trying to get my son to study for math is like asking cows to fly. Any suggestions?"
"Now I can go to sleep a happy little girl"
"you should sing Just So You Know by Jesse McCartney :)"
"I couldnt help but start rolling when i seen what i put lol"
"haha yeah that was awesome C: True. Next time has to be there! :D"
"Spending the day writing reports. As a designer I can't help but think about better ways of showing data. Goin 2 try today"
"So exciting to see so many Elite programs reporting such high ticket sales already!"
"RT : RT Joliprint- can clip out what do not want to print (saves from wasting paper)"
"#Cotto the distance RT #MayweatherCotto Who you got?? How many rounds is this fight going??"
"You were awesome man. Shake the museum world up!"
"I like being different, so suck on that 👌✌"
"dude that's tomorrow!!!"
"Full house for the game at Whiskey Tango!! Fun night with the game and the unplugged show later!"
"soon my friend soon"
"My name is Danny B. i'm very short as you can see, i need a ladder to reach the toilet so i can go motha fuckin pee!"
"#Iknewiswasoverwhen she said Ya know..."
"She makes her own money so that make us equal!"
"I get a little enjoyment when I think I'm doing something a really hacky way and then find out that no, that's really the best way to do it."
"Counting down the days till our new patio opens. In the words of \"Hannibal\" Smith from the A-Team, \"I love it when a plan comes together.\"."
"Sending out to majors! Time to get some placements!"
"What a lovely spring day"
"Rodney Stuckey autograph!!! Two of them on two hats!!"
"God knows what pics you're looking at..."
"Good god that was depressing!!!! #seeprevioustweet Maybe Calabria radio is in order. Going to run off the ick."
"I lost a little respect for Rodgers when I heard about the new restaurant..."
"Deborah Ann Woll - probably the most beautiful creature god has ever made! simply amazing!"
"what's going on in dallas?"
"Sometimes when I'm at home and Jenny's isn't here, I'll brush my teeth before bed."
"Go Canucks Go!!!! I love being a citizen of the best city in the world! :)"
"- our president just told me to hit the twittersphere to save America... so... I guess keep on doin whatchyou're doin....."
"dear starbucks, thank you so much for the free drink! I'm super glad we're friends :)"
"We don't share 'em just for the sake of sharing, but if one needs to access something for some reason then no problem sharing."
"The US produces 4.4 billion pounds of pasta annually, making it the second largest pasta-producing nation."
"is my new crack cocaine. #Bravo #FashionStar 👏👍"
"I have it."
"Informative day planned talking about mobile dev at Mobile Strategies Forum sponsored by"
"you beez in the homework boo ♥"
"What a beautiful day here in San Francisco!! How are you enjoying the 75 degree, sunny weather?"
"Another easy-content tip: G+ hangouts-on-air allow you to livestream & then record to Youtube (soon to be avail for everyone)."
"When is that stupid looking spinner belt going to get up dated? Make it a respectable title belt or"
"hey! U have a website/fb?"
"King loses battle; discipline bill gets prelim Senate approval."
"I need to find something to do tonight !"
"Emily loves getting her shoes taken away 😄"
"Tis the season for heartache, disappointment, REALITY CHECKS, and finally realizing who people really are :(. Not a good day by far."
"I don't tweet on Sundays because it's Gods day. Yes I'm talking about you Ryan Fitzpatrick"
"alright that's fine like 2:30ish?:)"
"designing #danceriddims trying to fix the login"
"THANKS!! I still need the job. :)"
"you look great!"
"Dang. Can I assume Ned Yost doesn't trust Mazzaro if he has Nate Adcock warming up in the bullpen and it's only the fourth inning?"
"That depressing moment when you think you have a chance"
"wtf guys this isn't kentucky."
"totally crushing on him... :p"
"If not, I am FREE Wednesday!!!"
"LOOOOOOOOOOL I KNEW IT"
"#2 teach color theory-- have students sort instead of paint tints, tones,etc"
"then we fight on who has the better name -- katelynne or katelyn (im katelyn hawww i have the better name xd)"
"It's OK. We were waiting for you, so nothing big happened"
"BBQ ing this weekend? Pick a bottle or two of BV Spread to compliment your burgers."
"Vale Steve -- surprised to see how deep he had his hooks into my psyche. But the Jobs of the Apple IIe, not the iPod."
"Music day dedicated to the Dropkick Murphys"
"Dear lord! Did I read that correctly? Fish Fry pizza!?!?"
"Haters on deck, just means your doing something right. Right?"
"www.thejusticeball.org is the link for tickets"
"People killing & people dieing"
"Thank you for joining us! Lets us know what you order."
"Great to be back in the classroom. 2nd night of Leadership & Communication. Students presenting storytelling assignments."
"Yes! Pig climber!! Bastian Schwienstieger delivers."
"what you got?"
"That's sweet! Thanks for the follow! Loving all the info and learning to use twitter"
"And you are one of our favorite visitors! Give us a heads-up before you come in next time...we'd love to say hi."
"#SMWSportsBiz thanks everyone !"
"Dam she got a phat ass!!!..I hope its real.."
"We will DM all winners after the party."
"Crying baby one row back on my plane does not work !!!"
"at least it wasn't some random creepy guy. (or was he?)"
"Will do(:"
"Thanks! RT : Amazing company holiday dinner at prado at balboa park tonight. Kudos the short ribs were delish!!"
"I told they are chipped and have self destruct capabilities. But I'll take the respect."
"RT : Less than 5 minutes til on live interview about Walk Across America!"
"D3 offers best wishes today to the following candidates: T.J., S.C. and C.G. Also, an appreciative D3 thanks to D.V. & N.H.!"
"#IWouldDoAnythingFor peace of mind"
"Join me tonight at 10 p.m. est for tonight show on www.pararocktv.com"
"Robert Spitzer's recent retraction of his 2001 study suggesting so-called ex-gay therapy can be effective may be a gateway to tearing dow"
"yea its nice and.thick"
"I have to do some serous math now. Double digit shit. It was nice knowing you."
"I think I need to find this marathon...."
"Going out to dinner > going to stats review. My priorities are way out of check"
"Congrats 😊❤ I want to see him soon!"
"Is that Scott David? lol"
"That would be the #Truth I just bestowed upon you."
"Creator God You gave me breath so I could praise"
"Thanks for the follow, Arielle! Blessings!"
"Good evening!!☔☔☔☔"
"Nothing like the fattest girl you knew in high school getting married to a cute guy to make you feel utterly single. Sigh."
"Very productive writing sessions last week! This weeks starting the same."
"Come on 6 o'clock!!!!"
"u have to! Ill b alone in gym!"
"Just (creepily?) watched your youtube vids and they were awesome haha :) You're pretty funny!"
"Roman Holiday"
"It is cant wait to get some Whitney Glam! See you this afternoon"
"now im lost"
"Waiting for bmth to come on!!!! parkway drive and arcitects were amazing <3"
"well i changed it so u can keep it if u want"
"I'm off now. (: RT : what time u get off of work?"
"I thought the same thing. Gross. I'm sure the bags would fall apart in the wash, I\"m just buying new ones."
"#ThatOnePersonWho always ask you to chill but never pull through on the plans"
"If Kathy & Hoda can drink wine at work, why can't I?"
"follow back please :) !! lots of love<3"
"Happy Valentine's Day! We love you...."
"happy belated Bday."
"Wing night! <3"
"Harry:\"Whats ur name?\" Me:\"My Future Wife\" Harry:\"Everyone, this is My Future Wife. Audience:.. Me:.. Harry:.. Me:.. Harry:\"Wait a minute..\""
"get better soon!"
"Smart thing about Kia donating a car to Kyrie Irving's former AAU team rather than give directly to him? He'll never drive it."
"uhg i hate it when twitter tells me cannot retrieve tweets at this moment forcking twitter ╰_╯"
"love you too girl!"
"My cable guy is sexy"
"Proverbs 15:28 The heart of the godly thinks carefully before speaking; the mouth of the wicked overflows with evil words."
"Q5: Greater ATL has mutliple SIGs/GIGs - attendance to events is part of membership...and that includes food! Priceless!"
"Hope everything works out okay"
"\"Dissolve our broken systems with the collective cry of our lives!\""
"forever wishing i could work at Sugarscape. omg it would be perf."
"lmmfao too funny"
"This day needs to end now"
"Flying to Chicago today for #SportsTacklesCancer appts."
"Hahahaha not this time but I sure will at some point this week!"
"wish i had company lbvs"
"Listening to the grizzlies game on the radio and not being able to watch it is killing me"
"I mean, sure I have a ridiculous amount of stuff to do, but I can always pencil in a nice migraine. No problem."
"Romney is nice courteous boy from a good fam the parents want their dau to marry. Gingrich is exciting, wild badboy the dau is in love with."
"Watching Moses Pray sell Bibles; when I left behind my chart for the Rod of Wonder you threatened to make it into a song."
"where can I get a VIP pass. I also want to introduce u to my biz devl. dir he venturing to do his own thing, u came 2 mind"
"It'll be interesting to watch what happens to the kid on the cover of the 5/21 edition of too."
"; Rest upp . Make some more music <3 Its very fun to listen to (; & hard not to sing along . Watch that 70`s show . Amazin ..."
"Way to show your true character. NBA has nothing to do with Tebow. Stick with your steelers. They match your attitude"
"#MVP! RT : Cesar #Izturis now has as many home runs this year as Albert"
"Gorgeous sunrise for a jog.."
"CB! The song is called \"Disengage\" it's on iTunes for shizzle! Were you digging that one or what? ;-D"
"Welcome to twitter-world!"
"finally broke down and bought a coat for fall. excited for practice tonight. starting to come together nicely."
"Dang y'all still up lol"
"I wanna get on Ustream again. But last time our viewers were scaring us :x. But I really wanna sing for y'all so might try again #Zaona :)"
"Good mornin' to you. Good mornin', good mornin'! It's great to stay up late, Good mornin', good mornin' to you."
"ADELE FTW!!! I hope she wins every category she's nominated in!"
"“Riding along in chaps and spurs, the clear cool breeze in my face,I wondered why the life of a cowboy wouldn’t suit me”"
"I don't know what you are talking about ;) RT : Wakeup call? Some ppl might walk straight from the ball to the Y."
"Watchmaker, teach me the ways. I want to learn the secrets and the sciences of seconds, The methods to dull my ears to the sound."
"It's Wednesday and you know what that means.....it's HAPPY HUMP DAY!!! #MoreHumpingTheBetter :)"
"“: Love is patient and kind and quiet.. Respect” so true!"
"OMG WHAT WHAT SLAP THAT LLAMA YOUR DAD OMG HOW COULD HE"
"Shoutout to my favorite senior for kicking butt on senior night."
"Thank you for the recs!"
"211 by me is a cool song"
"Want to help make a difference in Tanzania, South Africa, & Uganda? You can donate $ to VIA programs on our website visionsinaction.org"
"that sangria looks soo yummy right now!"
"well I tried to get 312 but they didnt have that on tap. So I got some Oberon"
"I actually felt worse for the woman he yelled at in rdu. She was embarrassed...and it wasn't necessary"
"Tweet! :D"
"Almost done with this video mix...then home to prep for Rock-Con this weekend."
"It's buried under \"More->Even More\""
"sure, followed (:"
"A little known fact is that I get along better with guys then girls.(:"
"So much dancing."
"Just learned the #Knicks won't even consider pursuing Phil Jackson. I thought this was TITANICALLY dumb, and this sentence affirmed it..."
"what shows? :O"
"At a bar with line dancing. 's sister says it is a veritable \"foot circus\" up in this joint."
"You'll give up nothing to live your personal values at work. The same can't be said about choosing not to."
"US #wine exports reach record levels as a weak $ made US wines more affordable and led to $1.3 billion in overseas sales last year, up $200m"
"she said hey now go to bed hit me tmrw"
"oow thats sweet i love you thanks (:"
"Have you ever got that thought about going to sleep and never waking up? I have. ._."
"Only a mediocre writer is always at his best. -- W. Somerset Maugham"
"me too!!! She owned it!!! So awesome!!"
"messed up you aren't following me"
"Ah When the drums are just right..... my heart soars :D Hans Zimmer is doin it for me"
"I read a lot of bad reviews for a movie I thought was pretty good. How did you rate John Carter?"
"People gonna talk regardless that's just the life we live"
"I'm here and following you ! (Leave the Yankees home)"
"today was perfect:)"
"so basically the book doesn't even exist until the movie comes out"
"what's wrong =["
"Need to loose 15 pounds before my birthday"
"YOU ARE CORDIALLY INVITED TO DOWNTOWN ORLANDO TO WATCH ME MAKE A COMPLETE FOOL OF MYSELF IN HONOR OF MY BIRFDAY."
"calling for revolution without violence in Mexico"
"he is not bad!"
"i hate doing partner work in school because i end up doing it all."
"its prom dont be cheap“: I really want a mani/pedi instead of doing it myself but I'm too cheap wahhh why must I be so cheap”"
"THIS IS THE REAL ME"
"training next week, then work after that woohoo"
"Is there a way to search blog and/or YouTube comments? This is more difficult that I thought it would be..."
"Oh man, I forgot about that tirade! Thanks for the laugh. RT : thanks man, I owe you an éclair!"
"Absolute power does not corrupt; it reveals... What is hidden when we are powerless is exposed when we are empowered-EM"
"So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long."
"have you had that happen o you"
"#amexzappos new Amex twitter sync allows for instant coupons...learned that at"
"#np Who You'd Be Today | Kenny Chesney"
"Happy Valentines day everyone! I hope your sweetie gets you a Royal Flush"
"May the forth be with you."
"I hate changes, I wish things could stay the same."
"I know i'm chunky. omg no need to point it out DX"
"1:30am and I can't sleep. Welp, at least #Doug is on. Thank you #Teennick and #the90'sareallthat. Sweet"
"Like this if your breathing don't comment if you aren't~Ashley"
"Nothing sucks more than when you give someone good advice and they don't take it. Like, why'd you even ask me then?"
"'Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy' is such a funny movie hahah"
"What kind of Tan do you like with your Black? The common Bass Ale or something different?"
"You got me saying Hello Hello , Hello , Hello Let me get that info Show you what I mean"
"Attention: do NOT POST OR RT A TWEET WITH THE \"N\" in ANY FORM! You will be blocked. This is a PMA zone! We're VERY serious about this!!"
"The real man that gets me will be a lucky mf!!!"
"When you find your ex boyfriends twitter and he flirts with a million girls...TROLOLOLOL! Desperate much? #WasIDrunkThatWholeRelationship ??"
"early morning sunshine and getting the blood pumping."
"I notice all these Texas people are in love with their sweet tea .."
"At least it was just the sleeve. Usually it's take off the shirt, than the pants just to show off his small watch."
"hell yeah"
"Wife picked up lunch on the way home and got me a banana pudding shake."
"they sell hamburgers."
"I hate it when people ask famous people to retweet there stuff about something stupid that prolly isn't even true..."
"The final trailer HAS a lot to offer. You will be blown away!"
"Are any of you planning to watch TED live next week?"
"Deal. I will ask my social president nicely. /cc :-)"
"Huge Auction 40\" plasma HDTV! Let the bidfather make you an offer you cant refuse"
"We delay removing the sin from our lives until \"tomorrow\", but tomorrow we grow older and weaker, while the sin grows stronger and stronger."
"This line is to long"
"We're either at the pool or the bar. ;)"
"it was close though 😃"
"Happy Birthday Beautiful. Again : )"
"WHOA. so jealous! Joan is my idol!"
"5 D didn't make NFL Network Top 100 last year but will be top 60 this year: Justin Smith/Pierre-Paul/Cushing/Von Miller/Patrick Peterson"
"Btw Its Shelby"
"it stopped raining, then?"
"“: If a movie were to be made about our mining experiences what should it be called?” Dude, where's my Gold?"
"My Malaysian apprentice has started to get replies! Soon we'll post one. Can't push her out of the nest too soon!"
"gimme a holla out your window if you need something:) lol"
"calm down before you get seen."
"I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St. versus the Tea Party. Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing."
"exciting stuff! What happened today? Whatever it was, I'm sorry I missed it! :("
"Little kindnesses & courtesies are so important. In relationships, the little things are the big things. -Stephen Covey"
"He is probably the best Candidate since Thomas Jefferson. Smart lady"
"S/o to for joining the pata sucia club (;"
"Just because he says all the things you like to hear, doesn't mean that he is the one for you"
"HELLO....TWITTER WORLD....IM WORKIN ...NO SLEEP 4 Me...CHICAGO ON MY MIND !"
"I bet you're so jealous"
"We met the matching challenge for #East Africa #famine. Double the help we can send! Thanks to all those who participated!"
"IDK the update on the co-owning thing on here but when the owner comes on if you see this can i plz still co-own? - rachel"
"I'm running on less than 6 hours of sleep. I'm so tired, have to make sure I take a nap at some point."
"saintly self-control is hard, though I may disagree with what he said, I will defend to the death his right to say it..."
"Moving to Vegas next year I told you id pay you a million bucks to visit all my houses around the world Im not giving you $100"
"Inhale The La... Exhale, I'm High"
"I guess the problem is that after it snows, it's just really cold for like 6 months."
"its hot as balls in this house..."
"i do think Cody should pick us up and bring us to his concert...i don't think it would be too hard.."
"Government is like a baby. An alimentary canal with a big appetite at one end and no sense of responsibility at the other.-Ronald Reagan"
"Yeah, I'm noticing a tremendous difference. Running silky smooth for me"
"Should I continue watching Judge Dredd?"
"haha, probably so, but the European aristocracy wasn't doing manual labor. :)"
"Its such a nice night tonight."
"It's been WAY too long... but I think of you a lot! I'll come in next week - I promise!"
"it only tuesday?"
"On the job search? RT : Google your name + name of most recent employer. What comes up (or not) is more important than resume or CV."
"Met a guitar player today..he has done some work with Bishop Jakes.we use the same engineer.in Austin..word of mouth is he can chop that ax"
"Pumped for my boy Kid is heating up! Must of had next summers Vegas trip in his head"
"Get safe transportation for your next wine tour in our 44 Magnum Party Bus! Call today for details 619.225.8466"
"Smiling until your cheeks ache(:"
"Sunday has 2 be the 1 day where I'm actually on all of my social networks bein social 😉 lol"
"That's weird - thought I was following! Am now."
"I'm a rare breed, I go to #Brewers games cause I wanna watch baseball and that's it."
"oh em gee becky look at her but tunchiiiiii \"lolz\""
"Great Sunday afternoon listening to/watching LIFE: A Journey Through Time with music by Philip Glass"
"My liquid life is comprised of IPA. Lol."
"the ONLY ceiling art at Fudpuckers :)"
"This twitter site is a MONKEYS game Stretch my back i Stretch yours so if I Follow you FOLLOW me if not your a CRAB"
"Is there a legit reason the timbers used their '3rd kit' ?"
"Keep hammering at it!"
"game night get ya twig right"
"is FINALLY verified!! I'm slow I know <33"
"China unveils new economic plan"
"Looking ahead to future \"Music Friday's\" on my radio show.....there will be QUEEN and there will be Johnny Cash. Journey leading 4 this Fri."
"I got one this morning - \"Your code is broken.\" Turns out he was entering the wrong password…"
"If you have a special 2012 prayer request let us know as we go to prayer to begin the new year!"
"Congrats to Condola Rashad for nom for her performance in produced play"
"Finally got my iPhone back from my BF he told me I had to kiss him to get it back lol! I love him! So whtz up people?;)"
"I love you to and I hope your day is awesome"
"Organizing actor schedules for \"Specimen\" photo shoot. Picking up set pieces and props this weekend. Exciting!"
"“ Best words of advice: Everything happens for a reason.”"
"Miami Heat"
"“ “ \"religion is for the weak minded.\" #netflixdocumentary””"
"Ya so"
"You know you love someone when you want them to be happy, even if their happiness means that you’re not a part of it."
"I don't like being at Marmaduke by myself. Makes me reminise too much."
"no.... *Jen sends you chocolate and time travel to cure all ills* so sorry! :( xo"
"agh it's windows only! I'll figure it out…"
"Until this afternoon"
"Tha world y'all live in hate 100 niggas"
"no his knee was clearly up in Angerer's saddlebags"
"When i have my headphones on and im listening to music for some reason everyone thinks i can hear them...."
"Why do I get a headache whenever I watch tv?"
"holy cow can we catch up. Joses."
"JUST HIT 300 FOLLOWERS!!!!!!"
"yes sir!"
"The term 'pizza' first appeared \"in a Latin text from the southern Italian town of Gaeta in 997 AD...\""
"Always remember that the future comes one day at a time. ~ Dean Acheso"
"Happy #earthday! It's not #FF but everyone should still check out"
"right now Kentucky, Kansas, MSU, and OSU. It may change."
"Really Doe"
"I HAD TACO BELL EARLIER TOO!! :D"
"Winter part 2."
"I m so fuckin mad tht non of the Yankees waon the GOLD GLOVE dis was totally set up fuckin Yankee Haters."
"wanna text about it? might have to close my laptop for class.. :/"
"where can I get one?"
"Gon get high az a kite and write my name in the clouds"
"this sweet house in Brewers Hill. Plumpers and I are taking our friendship to phase two!!"
"I'm rootimg for whichever U.S. Open women's player isn't faking an orgasm on every shot."
"Great Minds Discuss Ideas, Average Minds Discuss Events, And Small Minds Discuss Peoplee."
"The plan: Do something amazing at 8, fireworks at 12. Hence, Resolution Clock last yr, fire tornado & snow this yr"
"when's the party?"
"My British girlfriend has never heard of Dave Matthews Band"
"“: Sometimes walking away is easier than just standing there and acting like it doesn't bother you.”."
"My throat hurts."
"I have lost all respect for my mom."
"I don't think I've ever loved my job more. Apply for #AmeriCorps and change your life."
"I wear this crown of thorns upon my wire chair"
"Aye people go and follow for great tweets"
"Yup I sure am"
"i didd fool!"
"- my dad went to high school with Duck. Seems we're losing a lot of musical greats this year."
"Thank you for reading and sharing! Following you now!"
"well in that case i like it all"
"that your girl? ima make a woman of ha"
"With a child theme you take advantage of 2010's custom menu areas, widget areas, print stylesheet, tons of CSS hooks, etc."
"Please follow me:))"
"Just Saw a video about stop hating on Austin Mahone and SOME Beliebers are VERY MEAN. If you hate on Austin just Block me i don't want Hate."
"THANK YOU for the gorgeous gift basket!!!"
"Weather should be perfect tomorrow for parking lot paving in #Milwaukee, driveway removal in #Watertown, adding culverts in #RiverHills ..."
"We're doing just fine without bro. . ."
"We love the weekends and bloody mary specials!"
"First day of part time job in the books. Good to have something to do while more résumés go out, and not rely on unemployment."
"That's a great comparison. And more apropos considering the game was played in Budi's HS gym."
"Happy Mothers day!!!!!"
"Reppin new topsliders and a tan. #summer has arrived!"
"i want to cuddle. right now."
"Tim Tebow's qualities of personal leadership can be felt and have resonance beyond football."
"Feels stupid. And contagious"
"Coffee for lunch? Yes please :)"
"MT : Fantastic striped bass at Ma Peche. But why call it \"Montauk\" fish -- unless it's poached? No legal NY stripers till 7/1."
"On my way to see \"We Need to Talk About Kevin.\" Been wanting to see this since I heard about it. Congrats"
"My home office looks like a bomb exploded. Papers everywhere. Books stacked on stacks. Cards taped on wall. Good news: Things getting done."
"omg -____- scat can go rot"
"To stay on the land: 1) #Farmers must receive fair #price for commodities. 2) Natural resources must be maintained."
"im doing good an u?"
"Aw im really not. you're too sweet though:')"
"and the countdown begins..4 days and 5 finals to summer!!"
"Thanks for following us at ActingInLa"
"We're attending this years NAHB Home Builders Show in Florida, January 12-15, 2011."
"What could be better than watching cheesy old scary movies on a rainy Sunday morning?"
"yeah blonde attract them but brunettes keep em, so I figured I try something new and go back to my natural!"
"Try our delicious Mexican Chicken Parmesean Torta!! plantain and coconut breaded chicken with cheese, lettuce, tomato and guacamole mayo!!!!"
"starting to realise richpublican ideas don't work. About damn time!"
"Had so much fun working with foster children today. Their gingerbread houses turned out great!"
"RT Good News, my foot has healed and I can jog again. Bad News is my foot has healed and I can jog again. <<<Love the logic, lol"
"Live a little cause niggas die a lot."
"#DepressingStory: so today my dad told me that there's only 2 episodes of House left. i almost cried. i LOVE House with a burning passion."
"RT : Welcome everyone to #Savannah for the Rock N Roll Marathon! Good luck for a safe race!"
"Woops! , meant to send that from the account. Thanks for the follow, though! You're doing good things in NJ."
"\"..only reason I'm voting for this bill is due to the tax relief for charities\". Bullshit, I see that off purple shirt/tie combo."
"Oh god, someone please help me. I'm so fucking weak."
"I <3 Philip Philips!!!"
"thanks for the follow!!!!"
"You can Babysit me!!!! :) lmaooo"
"Another show tonight with at the Whiskey in Hollywood at 8pm hella yeah!!!"
"probably a good idea."
"yo, you think you can help me get more followers?"
"A quick walk with Yogi just became a two mile hike. What an absolutely perfect day!"
"The best tweets are always 4 characters too long...I can cut 3 characters by adding grammatical errors, but 4"
"Tom Joiner Fantastic Voyage March 25/can't wait"
"yeah stop playin"
"Fields you have to take that shot! Pull up jumpshot, don't be scared man!"
"Special s/o to all my cousins that's graduating tonight, , , , , & <3"
"Three robocalls in one morning... This is going to be a \"fun\" election year."
"the reply to that is, that is sad because I love you. Or something like that."
"Sorry to hear you had a rough morning! Hope your day got better!"
"Haha, I know! It's been so nice not being bombarded with emails & checking them when I'm still in bed in the am. Tough call!"
"you were a werewolf in my dream last night..."
"Just spoke to that \"other guy\" who claims he \"works\" there."
"Roundtable: Same-sex marriage, Doug Manchester, Props A & B"
"I would play it on th PS3 but they don't offer the first mass effect on it. I gotta finish what I started!"
"#educomm do you have brand champions who are willing to tell your story for you?"
"You want the truth? You can't handle the truth!"
"Yes, now get me a carton of cigarettes, some scratch off tickets and high alcohol content mouth wash."
"If anyone saw our text message conversations, we'd be admitted to a psych ward! is still the best ever! :)"
"Winners don't quit they succeed"
"yard man or eligant. your choice"
"We get it it's raining...shut up now"
"A recent survey has said that 29% of owners sleep with their pets on the bed"
"thx , and I know I can't wait either"
"Why torture yourself when life will do it for you?"
"you? are full of shit :D"
"16 & Pregnant was so last year. 12 with Chlamydia is much more entertaining. Keep up MTV. You're losing your target audience."
"-- Thanks for the FFs, mentions, and RTs!"
"I have"
"was Rachel around? ;) lol"
"LOL... I'm sorry but this level of service is unacceptable."
"Thanks for the mention!"
"It's a tweet that sent to"
"Father of The Bride! Thanks Lifetime"
"Kid Rock announces @ Old Newsboys Goodfellows Fund of Detroit breakfast that he's going to tour clubs. His fans will love the intimate shows"
"wow I read for 2 hours I guess a lil more womt hurt me :)"
"u say u like me but really i think its just a joke"
"Touchdown L.A. Prepping for a busy week of actor meetings and writings!"
"“: I've got a warm bed and Ferrero Rocher chocolates right now. Life is good.” throws a bottle of wine at you"
"have you seen Across the Universe??? It's so good!"
"great keep up the good work!"
"Can i have one"
"Ah... refreshing! DC getting a nice downpour! There goes the heat (temporarily) and the street gutter trash."
"Lots of local groups this morning - just saw Center Grove and Ben Davis; getting ready for Lawrence Central to take the field."
"\"Demi is so fuckin ugly.\" Excuse me?! Hold my motherfuckin earrings, watches, bracelets, rings, glasses. Bitch, say that again."
"RT this & will donate $1 per tweet to today!"
"NACTO is being integrated into existing manuals and a way to implement Complete Streets Act"
"Am I suppose to give a fuck? BECAUSE I DON'T."
"U funny babe *smooch*"
"Happy St. Urho's Day!"
"Hey Aaron missing your tweets, come back and tell your fans what you have been up to. The SLTP ladies need you"
"Looks like new werk sched will allow me to persue some shows this summer"
"How are you Mr. DOJ JOKE KIlling more border patrol men and women ???"
"RT BELIEBERS=FAMILY&i<3 my family.god created&brought us together for a reason thanks god&bless all my BELIEBERS"
"yes it does"
"I REALLY want a Phantom Flex..."
"Glad you enjoyed it! Hope to see you back soon!"
"Hahahahaha! I think I can order some online. If not, I'll let you know."
"!!!!!!! They better be super boss status :)"
"#ala71! RT : Fun fact: the precursor to GLBTRT held a kissing booth at in Dallas, in June 1971."
"very cool that is on the roster of #PdF12 speakers! innovative & effective way to reach English learners in #China cc"
"Ohh ok! Everytime I think I miss CS I look on twitter and all I see is drama ha"
"Woke up with tears because of a bad dream.. ;l"
"Yay for that. RT : Tomorrow will be better. We'll all wake up as non- assholes."
"GOT MY TICKETS IN THE MAIL TODAY!!! :D SUPER PUMPED."
"Application Development Manager - Perm Direct Hire - 90k -110k - Looking for a Leader / Manager who can make quick decision and stand on hi…"
"Understood. He is doing a fine job there plus he seems a natural behind the pulpit.... A man of many talents."
"haha i think i will ill talk to you tomorrow Ashton goodnight <3"
"Nice work, brother! Everyone at is proud of you."
"\"Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute.\""
"JASON!! D:"
"I love all you tweets! You're so sarcastic and halarious in the morning! Also, very good athlete!"
"I don't wanna make a fool out of myself. This is so not me. Lol. I need to stop caring and just do it."
"“: haha watch out Max, Uncle Denis might replace you! Lol #UncleDenisTheWanted” LOL"
"Once in a while tight in the middle of an ordinary life it gives us a fairytale u r my fairytale please take me back"
"Home & ready for bed. Goodnight!"
"Hey .... Great seeing you in San Antonio. Our delivery customers love your bags"
"I like this move RT : Quinn Johnson traded to Titans for undisclosed draft pick, according to Titans."
"now now - I don't root period"
"Would you rather be right or be happy? Would you rather win or be in love? Don�t think about how to forgive, think about how to love"
"Come on Bulls lets hold this Yes!!! I love the under dog"
"ill give you one, ok?(:"
"Trying to figure out what to do next......."
"You can get hepatitis by walking barefoot on a beach."
"On behalf of jzinonos, moët tweets :Night-night. I learned this word today.\"night-night\""
"Ok rapunzels hair in tangled is ridiculously insanely long theres no way that much hair can grown in 18 years"
"It usually goes somewhere around 500."
"Kinda weird that I tweeted about music last night and Dick Clark passes away today"
"John Lackey at The Place with performing and The Angels just landed 30 mins ago and they r all filing in... Whatta Place!!!"
"You can't change someone. Either accept who they are, or start living without them."
"KG is playing like he's 25... who would have ever thought... anyhow I anticipate to see his name on some sort of \"Mitchell\" report by 2014"
"I'm with you on that vote!"
"So...my other account is broken for a bit it seems. If you wanna chat, write me here."
"Dear NC, i would greatly love if you would bring back those 70 degree temps we had at the beginning of the week. Love, Emily"
"why don't y'all mix lol? I love the heat"
"What day are you leaving?"
"you not being able to spell"
"If you were in the teaching with the iPad session, PDF is now uploaded to conf. site."
"Did you know that 52% of adults w diabetes have arthritis?"
"just a tad hungover, not sure if I'm going out, how about yourself?"
"I wrote a song called BEEF FRENZY that might work."
"i can't get on the pintrest bandwagon either. just can't add yet another thing to have to update"
"Last night I was laying in my bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself.....where in the hell is my ceiling bro?!"
"Love your work and you'll never have to work a day in your life. ;-)"
"Prepping for an INTV with WTO Director General Pascal Lamy at the IMF/World Bank tomorrow. Any questions u want me to ask?"
"I was healthy all winter long all of a sudden we get a little sun and I'm so sick!! Ugh"
"It's that time of the month... That's right .. It's the Saxet Gun Show! Sat & Sun only at the ."
"can't stop imitating the commercial where david beckham asks for a strawberry banana smoothie..."
"I know I missed some of the dialogue. And I saw at at midnight so my emotions were intense."
"Whatever then, it's cool."
"Despite winging the hell out my psychology test won our game in the del mar college bball league"
"To the more timid souls: Live freely and fully. Before it's too late."
"COME AT ME !! *HITS YOU WITH THE FLEX"
"Forget about A-Rod hitting #600...more importantly the Yankees need to win their games, they are now a game behind the Rays!"
"\"Make me to hear joy and gladness, Let the bones which You have broken rejoice\". Psalm 51:8. What does joy SOUND like?"
"Now going to listen to the other song :P"
"should teach classes in clutch."
"We know right?? Have a ball! RT : THANKS! Horses + Margaritas + best day ever."
"RT : #Innovation #news Kapta Systems Selected as One of the Five Innovative HR/Recruiting Technology ...: Boulder, CO......"
"hey! I actually might! I have a yoga class that ends around 8 so I'll text you after 😊"
"Please follow our companion twitter account, , for all the up to date news and info on DUI, DWI and reckless driving! :)"
"math is hard."
"Haha well I may try to \"partaek in your ausumniss\" around New Years :)"
"Mosquitoes eat me alive. Skin So Soft."
"I wish for small things"
"Went all the way to Fairfield via public transport. The 1.7 mile walk to Jelly Belly - great. Walk back - harder - loaded with freebies!"
"Glad we could share them in our corner of the Twitterverse."
"LOVE your background image. used to have that exact design in a giant decal on my living room wall. crazy."
"Thank you for all the extra effort, guidance and advice! Can't wait to see the new paint! #BesthandymaninHouston :)"
"The excitement begins"
"So the Jets will figure out how to use Tebow, but Denver couldn't? And Elway & Fox are supposed to be #Genuises?"
"#1yearthestoryofus is still the same...happy & loved. <3"
"sadly yes..he beat out..wait for it... Wait for it.....Jeff GArcia... Wow. “: Jake Delhome going to Houston?”"
"that's great brother! That's 18 men destroying black men stereo types."
"Let me find out your ghost writting"
"can't spell roll tide without 2 \"Ls\""
"I hate when I'm excited about texting someone all day. Then they reply with one word answer o_O ruined it."
"Even beauty loses its appeal with repeated exposure"
"I don't make the rules!!! I just remind people they exist =P #missyou btw!"
"hey follow me plz thanks lol"
"A big congrats to #Jennifer Chin and #Carrie Hoffnagle for their awards at the Laumeier Sculpture Park Art Fair in St. Louis last weekend!"
"My mood today <<<"
"my head says leave but my heart says stay"
"Sounds like a win to me!"
"I see it I didn't at first!"
"Hearth, NYC - amazing food always, unfocused beer lists. The Bev. Dept finally blew me away w/ a special list of craft ciders (+10bt )"
"I don't know what to do.. its in recovery mode.. and i can't go on my actual itunes account with all my shit because my laptop is broken.."
"Balboa Park? Are there any festivities there for Mother's Day?"
"I should go wake up ashley lls."
"omg i love your tweets"
"where did that mack truck go that ran over my head?"
"Oh, Why? Whhhyyyy? The hair is so \"forget you\"! Dress is fab though. Even w/ the cape."
"Overrated! Over.....rated!!!"
"I pray im wrong but if I just watched nick lidstroms last game i am thankful for watchting the greatest d man of all time."
"I'm surprised that you didn't make a '69' joke on your 69th Hanging With Shane."
"Could be. Not sure gay marriage is an \"energizing\" liberal issue."
"Okay Creepers, I'm not in the mood for you today. You've been warned."
"How exciting, Ryan! What do you have planned for your visit?"
"It would be close. I'm about 6' with heals on. Maybe 6'1\" with my 70s platform sandals. :P"
"I'm listening to 11:11 right now. This song will NEVER get old :))"
"That white frost on the pound cake so your Duncan Hines"
"Congrats ma'am!! RT : I graduate college in 8 days! 😃"
"I'm the Night Elf Mohawk! Nah! It's from Mr. T's WoW commercial."
"Somehow, between wine night and now, I ended up with a man in my bed. Now he won't leave. Help!"
"You've got it bad! Lol!"
"If you melted this ice cream down, then centrifuged & chemically analyzed its components, it would tell you where babies come from."
"Working away on database research and talking with clients on conference call... data wizardry 101."
"my tweets r my thoughts,nothing more nothing less. Sorry if thats hard 4 u 2 believe,but some ppl on here actually use their brain."
"Audio and gaming commanded the highest interaction rates with 5.95 percent and 5.91 percent respectively."
"what kinda crap is that, don't eat it lol"
"In big bend area on i43... More heavy rain and bad visibility."
"Dear please capture said punch & tears on video camera #priceless RT Dear - if u text me"
"I know, people don't take flags seriously. I am SERIOUS that I need a response before EOD."
"It's 43 degrees this afternoon in Columbus. A steady wind of 40 MPH. But my day just became awesome."
"Ok I'm done, just had to vent a little you know"
"Haha! You know it! (:"
"#indy #news..superbowl trash clean up? Come at least try"
"Asked us to create prgm that took risks...nearly everyone chose living history instead of exhibits"
"right.. i don't know :l"
"Designing this movie poster"
"Demonizing Planned Parenthood is a scam by the GOP to get Obama out of office but is a great dis-service and harmful to all women & families"
"This screaming 2 year old and her loud family do not understand 's Quiet Car idea."
"I love this James Carvell impression on #SNL!"
"Back from a long hiatus...how u doin!?"
"#TGIF Have a good weekend and get excited for more prizes. The hunt continues on Tuesday."
"What a game!"
"Thanks, glad you like the coffee blog!"
"Yeah Jeff! Glad to hear you're supporting it. You're a rock star. Now, we just need 99,000 more people to become producers!"
"Feeding ducks & subway."
"freaking out on your behalf rn 💗"
"you bought tix already?!"
"Man that looks like some great food you have down there in Fla. Now I really want to move there."
"“In today’s political climate anything requiring a more than 2 sentence explanation can be shot down by a 1 sentence lie.” — Jonathon Gruber"
"& - can't make it to #HealthyFriday because of a previous commitment, but hope there's a good turn out - Have fun!"
"I Choose, by India Arie! Gets me going & motivated!"
"Evolution, for sure. And it's not the final stage."
"I shouldn't say that. You're the expert. I'll leave that to your expertise."
"I just finished a 2.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS."
"too bad wasn't aborted"
"praying for you"
"Very Interesting. I will have to play with it. But is it just cool snake-oil?"
"Love it! RT : The very thing that can break you.. was designed to make you stronger #Good Morning!!"
"Did JK ever say who Luna ends up with? Loved her character."
"The basis of quantum mechanics isn't normal, its orthonormal."
"i love chandler bing."
"- Looking forward to tuning in for the awards show!"
"- Thanks for the follow! Happy New Year to you!"
"Thank you for the follow Looking forward to seeing you all one day soon, and reading your tweets, comments & insights Cheers!"
"Auditioned for Dickens' Carolers group. I love Christmas."
"yes it's the best!"
"where you gon be at 2day?"
"if it isn't a poem, then I think you should make it so & write it! Xo"
"Trying to get our new #author's first #cozy #mystery out asap! Just waiting on cover! Cozette says \"Meow! Be patient!\""
"Hi Dave! I haven't seen you since I took A+ Cert, ICDL, and PCNeT IT Essentials I in 2005/2006. Thanks for all your help, btw!"
"Rereading An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations, by Adam Smith. It's the how-to book for robber barons everywhere."
"Sweden was it, the female PRESIDENT made jokes cutting up a cake that symbolizes FEMALE CIRCUMCISION on a BLACK-FACE image?!?"
"I was one of the lucky few to attend this amazing event! RT :Wildflower Linen Fashion Show - Women of Chapman!..."
"Thanks for the opportunity to be part of the team. Can't wait to help build"
"i wonder if we can get to 2k followers by the end of the week. i may just have another free song as a prize for y'all if this happens :)"
"\"First sunny day of the year, time to dust off the fratty sunglasses and my disc.\" -Some pale bro in a lax pinnie"
"You are happy to be #alive #Livelovelaugh Everyone"
"you're a loser ."
"#NW the parkers never get tired of watchin this show!"
"Drinking in class... The class period before a test.... Not one of my grandest ideas.."
"I'd like to go but the white guilt will probably keep me home."
"I should have just woken up and had her go to work for me. She's been having too much fun lately."
"I was apart of a benefit tonight for Angels of Hope Family Cancer Foundation. I met the best people. Tonight I'm thankful for so much."
"lol sounds like my morning"
"It was pretty great haha. The table-top one filled my younger years and I was just reminiscing. Haha"
"...well, no statue for Mather I guess!"
"In 1965 started as an 8 wk summer program. Today 1 million are served each day, 1/2 the eligible kids."
"u need on dat remix homie......"
"Danny Boyle's \"Trainspotting\" is playing one last time tonight at 11PM! Catch it for $5"
"thx I just have 2 wait till my cousin wakes up so I can go site seeing :)"
"Fair enough, lol! To be honest, 3rd was what everyone was fighting for (Ars, Che, Tott, Liv) at the start of the season :-)"
"nah, fuck bills. The best things in life are free man."
"and youu have a great Tuesday ;)"
"In due time ;) We're only kidding! RT : just about dying to become a super fan!"
"Thanks! Super stoked!"
"I won't tell him its our secret pahahaha"
"As much as i wanna marry a brunette im prolly gunna end up marryin a blonde"
"Cameron, you're only 1/4 Latina. Never put your butt next to JLo's."
"screw you 😜"
"Who ? What ? I must of got hacked"
"good night"
"Metta just knocked down collision & harden like if it was cake!"
"Thanks for the shout!"
"m... sounds like good coffee."
"If your job is your passion there really are no such things as \"weekends\""
"Want to find out about other pub crawls? Follow"
"Im already following you! Thank you!!;)"
"is ready for some Bears FOOTBALL! I imagine just about everyone will be watching this game, right?"
"we go every year. Lol. It gets kinda old but at least it's a vacation."
"If tomatoes are a fruit wouldnt ketchup technically be a smoothie??#SmartAssQuestions”"
"thanks for the heads up! Sad I missed it the first time :(."
"When I was a kid, most things were closed on nationally recognized holidays. Now, it seems nothing closes for anything..,"
"#LRT Life is short so live a little . ."
"In Chitown till Friday night. Watching tomorrows game should be interesting as I'm sporting my green and gold."
"The payphone that worked a month ago at St. Charles&Julia no longer works.Why does this bother me?"
"Post-racial political society? Dan Rather begs to differ--not by a longshot. Crowd applauds agreement."
"I didn't realize the time, please tweet it again"
"I just bought a used book on Amazon Prime for $3. That is half the price of the Sunday NYTimes where I live. Crazy."
"wonderful. so excited for you guys. Can't wait to watch it progress"
"Ok so its march and it's snowing?? World is about to end"
"that's the real deal, though. There were other stations for the other carrier & no other long distance transport, so no confusion."
"Phone interview now rescheduled. A blessing in disguise for my sore throat. Now off to teach!"
"GAMS I MISS YOU TOO. reunion in 6 months please?"
"hate medemerge. if i get swine flu i'm gonna be pissed"
"is it school?"
"i seriously want more one direction stuff. ok."
"I WISH I CAN DM BUT HE IS NOT FOLLOWING ME!!!!! :(("
"And just like that, the Eurotrip is over. Now, I need to play Internet and life catch up from the past 15 days..."
"lmfao , tell why i feel like ive been in a coma all day -_-"
"Hey Providence, thanks for playing. - Sincerely, Syracuse"
"HEY :) Thank you for the follow!! :) - Ava & Loretta"
"#FridayNightLights in Pilsen tonight - big game for Cristo Rey Boys Soccer, going for the division championship vs Northtown!"
"RT - Miami is beginning to build up a reputation of not closing, thanks to these Dolphins. Oh yeah, and sorry ass Leb..."
"Village Pour House near Astor Place? During Knicks game. ;) Congrats Andi. Im in NYC but I'll be w/ u guys in sprit(s)"
"Social media has changed our lives b/c now everyone's accountable- 1 person has the power to document & share abuses."
"I get total douche chills when I see that slobbering fawning idiot on Hard Balls.Too bad you can't have Obams kid you idiot"
"lol. Not to play manager, but you know that excuse makes no difference, right? :)"
"I hate that I always get terrible anxiety in the morning"
"I asked for mellow, but Everybody Hurts by REM is pushing it too far."
"i dont get it i didnt see any of your responses to peoples questions?"
"Frank Ocean live streaming on #Coachella right now. So much weed. So much smoke. So much dope."
"The awkward moment when you're waiting for a text, but then you realize you're the one who didn't reply."
"Sir Richard does do ti right!! Awesome!"
"has been out and about. You on AIM?"
"thanks sir! I'll be down for Capital Fringe so perhaps our paths will cross!"
"- Tony Rynders sure knows how to make pinot noir. Had a DS Mark bradford vyrd 99 recently...it was simply fantastic."
"Everyone has his path in life. If a toe wanted to be an eye, all he would see is the inside of a sock. Thus you must follow your own..."
"How do you #giveeveryday?"
"“ Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's!! The world would be nothing without you...love”"
"Only 10 days until the first holiday of the Summer Memorial Day. Get trained in #scuba privately when you hook up with me. Free pics"
"Tomorrow is my 5 year! Congrats! RT : 2mrrw is my 7 year anniversary 2 the beautiful"
"\"I was enchanted to meet you\""
"At the outnetwork event at northwestern! Keep up the good work"
"Seeking God? ... thou shalt find him, if thou seek him with all thy heart and with all thy soul. —Deuteronomy 4:29"
"anti-twitter, but on twitter? Something seems backwards. :-)"
"Good idea. I'll do that. Thanks Jillayne!"
"My mom just asked if I wanted to go to an Angels game right now. Ah I wanna go 😒"
"Baby say ye-ye-ye-yes don't say no-no-no-no~"
"What's gd I'm from the bay"
"the empire state building is lit up green. Happy 420"
"Happy First Day of Spring ♫Time for spring cleaning & upgrading.Prefinished Ipe 3/4x3 would be a great choice."
"I was following along and suggesting you get the check at the place you were, not"
"Needs a makeover with style! So i can try to be like a quarter of the amazing that she is! Rt me girl if you agree!! <3ya"
"It is official...Britney Spears and Demi Lovato are the new judges on The X Factor"
"Hear from those who escaped the Plymouth fire after the game."
"Thanks guys! Definitely let us know when we do and we'll help promote it."
"why the hell do i even bother, if i already know what response i'll get ? #whatever d:"
"Rangers fever!"
"The limit on users obviously isn't a problem with Google Docs."
"Don't make excuses if you do conquer and make yourself stronger than does excuses."
"Fuck I woke up..... But P.T. Was good"
"Just saw a girl with the BIGGEST ASS EVER"
"you should go to NHL.com and watch the"
"So many hot people....."
"Hoping it's the Thunder and Heat in the finals!"
"#Lunchtime Not a cloud in the sky here :-)"
"Like Lamar Odom, I ball, scrotum."
"I feel like this will be a good year."
"Wearing my sweat pants, little mermaid sweater, uggs, wet hair in a bun, with pretty much no makeup out to dinner. Who's there to impress?"
"Needs no umbrella on this glorious rainy day because I'm being showered with blessings!!"
"Not sure, appears u need 2 fast 4 16 hrs 2 override body's natural sleep pattern & eat in destination country not on flight :)"
"I don't but I knew some people in Tucson who did. They regularly drove across US/MX border, and used card for that."
"we love you so much <3"
"about to eat lol"
"is thrilled to see Lady Gaga speak out against Bullying at the White House! Our Foundation Helps Bullied Kids!"
"In other words, Code Pink has something planned for 's appearance in SD tomorrow: 5:00 PM Warwick's 7812 Girard Ave"
"Damn. Now that #Kentucky won that means the #Yankees will win the WS. That's just how it goes."
"That sounds pretty good! But Golden Beetle is a party in your mouth. :-)"
"#20songsilove Any cleverly composed lyrical masterpiece about love lost, and inspiration found."
"And we have the Provisional Constitution it replaced here in our collection!"
"Watching the mtv vma awards."
"Oh when?"
"and one fabulous guy!! See you tonight!"
"please follow me or RT me plz"
"if you turn off wifi in settings, it stops asking...and saves battery - Turn on when you want to join a known network."
"“: i wonder what the person i'm gonna marry is doing”"
"Matt thinks Patrick killed Lisa...ha!"
"NO! NCIS! NOT DUCKY!!!!!!!!! I may never watch it ever again"
"I really like being myself!"
"This best describes the last week of my life. Out walking the pups...beautiful day...in a good mood...and a bird craps on me. Ugh."
"Truth! RT There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience. -French proverb"
"Ok, now I can watch the game :P"
"Thx , and for sponsoring another awesome #launch event for"
"#NF ! Your a great artist!"
"I hate when its new years and the clock is about to hit twelve and someone farts it ruins the whole night"
"GIRL, we all were!"
"To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world."
"AGREED! : ) “: A jam session with and would be A-MAZING”"
"Happy New Year readers! How many books have you vowed to read in 2012?"
"♺ : RT : Mendeley is working on adding dataset as a type as well"
"-- Compared to what other player?"
"everything good bro?"
"whats the point in going to school if you're not even going to be there.."
"Counting down the days 'til UFC 146? You know we are! Saturday May 26."
"You've got gd pt. However, I wonder about less confident riders downtown. Good discussion starter."
"#milwaukee Music of the PA system gives the store a nice vibe!"
"Had a great time with my family today #neverforgetwhereyoucomefrom :)"
"Cant believe im about to see"
"Too cute! How are all those kids Ms. Carolyn? :)"
"is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!"
"Getting ready for a new resume package to sort out for a CFO call me if you are a CFO. My packages are very professional. Jason"
"Heading home the deciding if it's 24hr fitness or lifetime???? Decisions"
"Anybody have a GSM smartphone they wanna give a dude who totaled his iphone 4?"
"It's funny when you pretend not to know they like you. Keep telling me more about myself <3"
"curtis painter wtf. You can't look any creepier..."
"Hey Nashville the police are HOT they working the streets extra HEAVY! SLOW DOWN & use TURN SIGNALS!!!"
"By now I've gotten like 3 letters from interested colleges..and they're all in New York. Okay I don't know who gave them the memo..but YES."
"Only God can judge me"
"When you look at a baby and they just stare at you.....lol"
"check out my updated description --- just for you guys :o)"
"yes definitely. Id be pissed if I wasn't in the front"
"#ThankYouBTR for everything. Whether you know it or not, you help all of us in so many ways. You've come so far and we're so proud. We <3 u!"
"The Devil Wears Prada tonight at Bogart's. Only about 6 tickets left till SELL OUT!"
"Hopefully makes me some Thai tea in the morning"
"hey Wuz up"
"We're Putting Fort Wayne on the map! Come and be a part of it!"
"I'm getting my phone fixed tomorrow so hopefully I'll have it back by tomorrow night or Tuesday D: wiasknzadsfjasdkfjzaynads"
"My baby is coming thru!"
"oh i am just so damn hilarious"
"#mybiggestpetpeeve is when people call themselves \"hopeless romantics\" and have no idea what that phrase means"
"People that say they're gonna do something and then do the complete opposite.... Frustrate me..."
"they have it, I bet it's just updating but we'll take care of you, email us."
"RT : I sure do. Check out my Twitter background for a pic of the bridge that used to cross it. :)..."
"Haven't played bball in 3 months. Got to get on it for those summer day battles at the Blue Ash Rec."
"Hey I hope all is well out there on the left side. Give some love to that lil P-nut Babe!"
"I wish you the best of luck!"
"We are GORGEOUS! :D"
"Annual Auction this Friday!"
"#Chiefs Rookie Camp. Poe had a lot thrown at him today by Anthony Pleasant but if he keeps working and listening like he did today +++"
"Ordering Sunday night Chinese in Marblehead. Love family traditions!"
"On a scale of Chris Brown, how hard can you hit a bong?"
"Great day at training. A lot happier with myself today. Didn't run out of air and got through the last maze easily! Busy in Berwyn on Sat"
"I like your songs there great :)"
"lol me too"
"Lucky. All mine are asleep."
"just spent 3 and a half hours on a research paper....fuck you corbett."
"Well, that's confusing. Heh."
"Interesting & creative idea to put readalike suggestions on customer receipts when they purchase books."
"Coworker: ''Looks like the Heatles are tied with the Bull-each Boys!'' Get back to work, Gary!"
"I'm over all this bipolar weather"
"we have agency in our houses of worship. and if we don't, we have agency to find a house of worship that respects us, yknow?"
"Last chance to see \"Coast to Coast,\" an exhibition of large landscape paintings by Carol Lopatin! Show closes Feb. 26!"
"Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present."
"that can't be Matt Kemp? Close maybe."
"\"Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.\""
"hey whoever u are, it's 2 separate scientists who are bashing the lab, not me. Even the real Sgt Friday would suspect a problem"
"Lol thx! Hit those high notes! :) RT : Atta girl, Desi. The sun will come out, tomorrow!"
"Feeling robbed and stifled. We're still going to the US Open, but spectators now only. No good Delofted coverage."
"I know nobody likes me. I didn't need you to tell me."
"Anyone else going to tonight at #viejasarena? See you there!"
"Lots of newbies in spin class this morning!R u a group exercise newbie? Why were u scared to go? Or, do u still not go? Or do u not like it?"
"If Mondays didn't exist would Tuesdays be just as depressing?"
"thank you! I'll let you know if we have any events. :)"
"Very happy to see Yonder Mountain String Band will return to #DesMoines to play Simon Estes Amphitheater on July 5."
"Many thanks for RTs!"
"what kind of error message does it give you?"
"I'm learning Krav Maga next year to get ready for NOLA. lol"
"The Marlins are going to sign Heath Bell"
"MPR venturing into Bob Boilen territory here?"
"I don’t care about your past. All I care is to know whether there’s a place for me in your future."
"Enlightened is amazing. Ep. 4 & 9 are two of the best episodes of TV I've ever seen. Hoping to hear good news from"
"that's right you'll be seeing me making my rounds!! Haha"
"Who else watches themselves on the monitor when you walk into a store?"
"omg I am now! I wanted to tell u, u kno whose blog that is? Mac Lethal! The guy who does the pancake rap to \"Look at me now\""
"say that!!!"
"Drying out & clearing up by late this afternoon. Then dry conditions, partly to mostly sunny skies & above average temps for the weekend!"
"... The hit-and-run was on the 13th not yesterday. I know I know, but facts are cool too. Terribly tragic."
"This song is as dirty as wet the bed Lmfao"
"My man M.C.A.'s got a beard like a billy goat."
"Watch out or auto pilot shout outs - they can get you into all kinds of trouble. Sorry if anybody was offended!"
"I don't think you'll be disappointed!"
"Well, surprisingly I had a pretty good day at school. :) :b"
"is the Preston Oaks closest to you?"
"Another brilliant movie *#The King of Comedy* #Jerry Lewis"
"Twitter friends, a good friend of my wife and I lost their son who was a Marine serving in Afghanistan prayers needed please. God bless."
"i meant on my ass not past sorry Im watching dancing with the stars.lol"
"Mfs Finna have a free day on Friday no class that's what I'm talking about"
"It's trivia tonight at who's coming out to play!!"
"I just really hate having to walk places... in the cold... Like a whole half mile... It's just so grueling..."
"Of Monsters and Men's new album is quite enjoyable and cheap. I suggest you pick it up."
"LMAO. Something like that. What a disappointing performance by Maia. RT : Were they drunk?! :D"
"“: the service this afternoon was incredible! My whole family &I I were moved. Felt like I was home there!”"
"NO! I play my music loud and you cant do anything about it! >:P"
"I got my mom a book, and she said she bought it for herself...."
"hmm even though my library won't? I'm pretty sure we don't send our AV stuff out and about. >.<"
"That's not what I meant when I said the thing about letting Greinke finish games, earlier."
"Just left work. Gonna have some craft beer tonight"
"who wants a live chat with us ? if we get a big response we will set up a live chat ! :) respond back with"
"Smiles are the only universal currency."
"you taught me to never give up on my dreams and dream big!!"
"I hope you read cause I'm not I have 2 tests to study for lol"
"I wanna be somebody!"
"We've extended the #TuesdayThrowdown! Send us your Best Drink Name & automatically earn $5 in Poggled Bucks!"
"So much ink, so little time."
"Going to Dave and Busters with my little brother, My older brother, sister in law."
"We wrote a new Zotero translator for our catalog. Now to get it committed to the universal database of translators ..."
"Google Hangouts is going to really change how we all meet and communicate with each other. Exciting!"
"Kinda tired of all this same-sex marriage shit on the news. Unless they're gonna pass a law for it now, I don't care anymore."
"Now da fuckin news got me ^"
"If your ancillary thought is correct, hopefully casual sports fans/media will continue to turn up the heat on these issues"
"I will take any opportunity to remind people of how well I know CENTER STAGE."
"nothing like discharging a fire extinguisher for ur first time for fun. i feel alive"
"Hey Brett! Interested in submitting footage, but much of it already contains music-- do i need footage w/o music?"
"Still, he took it to the basket quite a bit last game"
"rock on! U can watch the first 20 min of The Secret on YouTube. The secret is crazy but I fully 100% believe it"
"Not even watching Desperate Housewives. WTF."
"Good Monday morning all. Hope ya'll have a great week."
"Never lose your sense of humor."
"Not at my birthday party???"
"It's backyardigans time"
"hey thank for RT next time we're in we'll say hello"
"Thank you ever so much. YOU ROCK!"
"Also, #Im4Falk because she is the one candidate I can count on to undo the damage in Walker's war on women."
"Oh now i understand well If he takes his shirt I dunno."
"i know, there so thoughful!!!! there was one Alan hayden in my bed last week tho, he promised to get the fumigators at it! lol"
"Sick and creepy, huh? Sounds like a good combo."
"Loves when the sun is out and shinning!! Recharging the batteries and getting things done... with the top down!"
"and looking at Twitter isn't helping!"
"there is a continuous tracking mode, but I believe it works as \"well\" as can be expected! (not very!)"
"For simplicity on this side of complexity, I would not give a fig. For the simplicity on the other side of complexity, I would give my life."
"Having a really hard time putting coherent thoughts out. Expect the blog post sometime tomorrow."
"I can't wait to see & tonight :) love those girls so much <3"
"Amile Jefferson will announce at 4pm today. Down to NC State, Duke, Kentucky, Ohio State and Villanova. NC State & Duke are the favorites."
"Sometimes high comedy is not funny."
"Watching Camelot on BBC 2, drinking a nice cup of tea and writing a blog about Tyler Perry"
"Good night everyone! You guys are awesome!"
"thank you :)"
"BeThankful for Blessings... With the blessing of God we can be rich even when we are poor. -Proverbs 10:22"
"Terrible news about Fenway Park PA Carl Beane. Always saw him on level 9 during B's games. Condolences to his family & close friends. RIP."
"Most of my friends went to that high school. The funny name is the only thing remarkable about it. Sad this puts it on the map."
"I'd love to know how it goes! Will you be writing up the results?"
"Can you handle another overtime????"
"With you & still hyped! \": Who else has been up for an entire day #whoswithme Cc \""
"will you be coming to Puerto Rico?"
"Just learned that hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is defined as \"a fear of long words.\" Look it up!"
"haha! Be afraid, be very afraid. :)"
"As long as Ruff is behind the bench, Pegula is lying about wanting to win a cup."
"The Civil Rights Division is the conscience of the Department of Justice. ~ Attorney General Eric Holder"
"yep that's me"
"Another great photo! Thx! RT : Photo:Lights!Camera! !, that is."
"Install Google Analytics on your site, it's free, easy, then you can look at 'referring traffic sources' and see. enjoy"
"Hart's defense solely took away 2 runs that inning."
"I'm loving 's Mother's Day Gift Guide! (and not just because of the name-check)"
"SPRING BREAK! Let's get it started."
"Best thing I've heard today \"Slide out the crack.\" Meaning: Go ahead and leave the building."
"Does anyone at RISD have a solid state relay I can borrow? cc Risd Architecture / RISD : Digital + Media"
"Awww man! In what context?"
"Ugh! I always forget to turn in the redbox by 9!!!!"
"Last day of work before #vegas4thekahles. Spending it daydreaming about"
"Some people are so terribly short sighted."
"We always ignore the ones who adore us, and adore the ones who ignore us."
"... AND NOW let the New Spring Menu Begin !! Come check it out!"
"I gotta sell for at least 300.00"
"Thanks,all those who bought the $1.00 breakfast tacos for the last 3 months.Today was the last day and we will let you know when it is back"
"dude i am way to tired dont evn listen to me"
"LETS SELL!!"
"I Think I'm Getting Sick. :c"
"haha ik!!:) I text u but someone doesn't answer!"
"David Rifkind on urbanism and agriculture in Ethiopia during Italian settlement."
"The Curse of \"Interesting\" Times. Glad she's ok -- & that lunch was great"
"Congratulations to Vanessa Hidalgo in \"Culebra\" - Best Actress In A Short Film\" - Method Fest - and all festival winners and nominees!"
"i love how Pitbull dresses. he never wears jeans or anything. Hes always so nicely dressed.👌"
"Lord Dunmore however is only giving freedom to slaves of rebels. Loyal Virginia citizen’s slaves will not be given freedom."
"\"You had me at nitro.\""
"IPhone 5 rumor... Apple will rename silent mode to \"LeBron\" since both are ring-less."
"He is also so obnoxious"
"This Saturday, Malice in Wonderland! 5-H8-5s vs. Rottenchesters, benefits Children Awaiting Parents. Rocderby.com for tickets!"
"Your friendship is almost as fake as your smile."
"as a queer-id person w a dead lesbian mother who comes from a predom queer family, I'm offended by that link!"
"yeah! -smiles and gets into the elevator-"
"sure could always use a cpl more! Where do you live?"
"and thanks for the follow!"
"RT : said \"gay marriage\" 6 times in an 11-min presser. Never said \"civil unions.\""
"How cool! Wish there were an unabridged version where he gets to adventure more on the upper level before getting caught."
"Love it!! Have a great day, Shannen!!! 💛 Praying for a special blessing for you today!!"
"well I am collecting them in the future they might be wroth something like alot of money :)"
"thanks for the thought."
"OMG That awkward moment when you SHUT UP!!!"
"Hey Lance , have you performed at all since you left the Monte Carlo? if so where ."
"Yeah, I think you would be better off with something like Yoga,"
"Well said Fam. It's either Real talk or Nothing."
"My beard is getting annoying"
"Why torture yourself when life will do it for you. -"
"Yes double piercing. #finally 👍"
"\": Our man has one goal, two assists in two #MLS games to open the season. #Ballin\""
"i've been to the library three times. tried to study there one time, but fell asleep. other two times, it was just to use the bathroom."
"Do you have the nammber to H&R Block? I know you remeber that commercial and that woman in the elevator lmfao"
"Just woke up fina go to the barbershop n get chopped up ya dig"
"Any gameplay #programmers with #ps3 experience interested in a #BayArea studio?"
"Blackmon goes to the Jags. Where recievers go to die."
"yep its a mommy and four little piggys :3 I saw them on the side of the road"
"I'll check it out"
"is it because you appreciate the opening it leaves for a new internet-obsessive's project?"
"I hate talking to guys that's \"Internet Famous.\" How you going to think your cuter than me? TF?"
"RT : Looking forward to interviewing today for Jossey-Bass podcast for"
"I have a cat a dog a blanket and some scotch.."
"lets end today on a good note, right? wrong. I'm pretty sure my Beats were stolen. Lets hope the insurance covers them -__-"
"Well I can dream"
"That would be Valois--\"See Your Food\" The Original House of Pancakes is also delicious!"
"American Bouquet of Rochberg: popular tunes set by a genius; teaching them to students at NEC: Why don't they get played more?"
"No kidding! Given the date and the rain I anticipate a pretty busy night."
"Yeh! Let run into each other"
"answer: no"
"haha nothing wrong with that (;"
"Ooh, love sliced beef on salad, too!"
"#JustRemember what goes around comes around"
"The \"Secret Circle\" Is Getting God."
"Haha help a kid out :) did you follow my personal?"
"Ugh.. I really want tickets!!"
"Horrible news about D Rose..."
"That won't happen and it won't make sense too much Isolation lol"
"whoa now slow down girl! Thems fightin words!"
"what a great crew 2 work w/this week on #cfaleadercast love working with pros who just happen 2 be your great friends...it was my pleasure"
"3 hours till i see u on 106&park and tomorrow UA drops! i am so proud of u diggy simmons:)"
"Tampa u"
"should i see The Change Up or Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes?"
". Wittgenstein's idea of use in context gives us an interesting way of talking about computation"
"Sam and McBain were in another soap ages ago.Thats what the references are abt. McBain was a vampire in it"
"Crime expert: We don't know how many #kidsofinmates there are in USA. No central record keeping. Finding these kids is hard."
"What a great quote!"
"Wild first half in Waco!!"
"hello my love! I like your hair short.... but if your wanted to try something new I say go for it:)"
"Oh yeah, and have a lot of fun exploring."
"I'd read the large print if it meant a short wait compared to regular print!"
"How's the world been treating you?"
"ugh. write then lol."
"I think Barron would be a great addition but pencil in GILMORE as Pioli's target. Kuechly / Decastro would be great as well."
"Apparently Noel's on there too. The true Oasis talent."
"My #NewYorkKnicks have not won a playoff game since 2001, which makes me understand why rooting for the Knicks frequently seems futile."
"Okay, I guess it's time for my New Year to officially begin. Always takes me a few days to get back in the game after the holidays!"
"NO I GOT SWITCHED TO NEW TWITTER!"
"Am I the only one that cries when simba's dad dies in the lion king :("
"Congratulations on your tilegenerator. Smart idea. Honestly, tho, for me it's too limiting to be of practical use. Best of luck!"
"check your fb mail and tell me if thats cool"
"RT : MSNBC's interactive Irene tracker is pretty awesome. on.msnbc.com/rjIW9K (via bit.ly/ngdxKS)"
"No NBC Sports Network aspect to it?"
"Finally found my coffee replacement...black tea with natural sugar and lemon. Still has a lot of caffeine tho..."
"Trader Joe's Speculoos! Is what I ate for breakfast and now, lunch."
"Soapbox moment: if you want something for nothing, don't stick your hand out......GTFO!!!"
"Happy mother's day to the mother of and I love you all! :* &hearts;"
"RT : I want to like #AmericasGotTalent, but I just don't get the addition of Howard Stern.Agreed. Don't get the appeal at all"
"Danielle = Dancer ,Eleanor = Model, Me = Potato"
"RT : #NaPiBoWriWee Q: \"How long/short should #picturebooks be?\" Answer: Not 2 short & not too long.1st draft: 1000 words or less"
"and why doesnt he have good connection!"
"This dude on the bus with a lazy eye is staring at me. Or is he?"
"Gizmodo: It's always best not to put too much stock in the old familiar \"supply chain sources,\" but 9to5Mac knows a guy w"
"excuse you? haha"
"Friday night, going out, yeeeeeeyyyy!"
"Attending the Inauguration of City of #Milwaukee Elected Officials. It is quite the affair at City Hall!"
"I have a 2 seater truck lol... Y'all would have to come get me :("
". will no longer sell \"red-rated\" seafood as of Earth Day 2012. First national retailer to make this commitment."
"I'm sick of cold dinners..."
"damn, guess not"
"Big game tonight for the Devils!"
"Life isn't fair."
"School went SMOOTH for me lol I thought so tho"
"Wishing I didn't have to wait in line for #Christmas #Shopping #decemberwish www.inlinewaiting.com"
"Looking forward to reading it in March! :)"
"Of course you can hit a girl in the face. They have faces don't they."
"Ha! Our game makes more sense now!"
"that's where we were when we met Kobe! A Perkins in MPLS. Huh."
"yeah, you're welcome on that one big dawg"
"we're all well! Hope all is well over there!"
"Thank you! Yes maybe it doesn't need to be all or nothing. I'm thinking on it :-) Kuddos to your work for hsoting the class"
"Never let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present."
"Each one of us should lead a life stirring enough to start a movement. ~Max Lucado"
"i totally spilled coffee all over the table this morning."
"Super saver day at Discovery world today! $5 off entrance if u wear green! Purchase item from a wonderful vendor market $10 off"
"Im sorry Moffa...I love you<3"
"HA HA HAHA !!! YO BITCH THAT ACTION"
"Check out my site @ www.wix.com/camaydavis/MayDay-Inc"
"Cool. Thanks man"
"I'm on a mission:to get All Tiny Creatures [touring w. this spring] on the bill at Sasquatch.lost cause?hope not!"
"Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success. ~ Dr. Joyce Brothers"
"Dude the sky is black 😱"
"On the way to New Orleans. Excited to work again at the Final Four. Always a busy couple of days but very enjoyable."
"So im hearing that Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber broke up?! Oh my goodness! My baby might be single! Lol."
"Wtaf is that?"
"Still amazing to me that \"Gucci Giant\" is one of Baltimore's biggest in-jokes."
"RT : Contracted an extension of The Realtors w/"
"Oh yeah, you should see my sink! Hah, kidding, but I definitely recommend this stuff."
"Time's up."
"Jazz Night Schedule for February 10 – Dred Scott, Baltimore Blast via"
"They would indeed. RT : we'd find a way to fit Anthony Davis in :)"
"ima swim threw it if the water aint deep"
"Bengals are the local team where I grew up, but I HATED them. Stopped caring when they got nubs for 10 yrs."
"On this date in local #history: In 1807, Buffalo citizens approved Buffalo's first schoolhouse, to be built at Pearl and Swan streets."
"I'm sure if it was reversed you'd admit the same"
"Never Say Never <3"
"a dream about putting a dream, the shifting shape of a cloud, translucent and yet there to see and to hold, under a microscope"
"Can I *please* have an ipad? I could check out this DL right now as I listen to this brilliant talk on digitized Quaker history"
"We all have our own way of coping..... whats the first thing you do when your become single?"
"For me, when I listen to any phenomenal Trance, I wish I were by a lake in the mountains with evergreen forests all around!"
"Staggering: 79 million men in America between 25 and 65. And nearly 18 million of them, or 22%, are out of work completely."
"Joe taking pictures on the run and dancing killed me and Q BOOM I ate your grapes"
"Big Ben"
"Y is it that every1 I LOVE or even like never come 2 NF there always 2-3 hours away!!! Why?!"
"Magda, thanks for the \"Spotlight\" today!"
"\"they're trying to bang... So much.\" -chris collinsworth"
"ya right he ain't giving me that thing ! Hahaha maybe this weekend I'll have my car I'll come see you 💚"
"perhaps we should. we'll hit you up in may. we are booked until then."
"OK...I eat almost anything...yet know ur gambling w/food poisoning w/that combo"
"Your failure in life will be because of who you choose to dishonour and your success in life will be because of who you choose to honour."
"Being in this barbershop you could learn spanish, lol."
"where man."
"Come in to meet some of our new tenants! www.pitsandwieners.com Sophie is such a great girl!"
"i support it by watching it & i tell everyone i know that it's an awesomely fun show to spend an hour with..."
"I agree, however i think the storms may be on their way. Thats ok showers bring beautiful flowers!"
"But let's be really- he had to do that because his last one was so wack"
"YES HONEY THIS IS MORE THAN I CAN IMAGINE LOVING SOMEONE THIS MUCH HURTS ME TO SEE HIM IN THIS PAIN THANKS FOR KIND WORDS HUGS"
"everyone please follow my Frenemies Buddies"
"that's a good question for Lil Wayne."
"\"The children in the sandbox are being mean?\" I offer you a chair at the big people table. LOL"
"Might not go to spaced tomorrow :c"
"Gov. Dayton to give SOS (no, that's State of the State) at 7 p.m. on Wed, Feb. 15. Well, thank god he avoided Valentine's Day evening."
"Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: The York - Pub (live updates)"
"LOL Yeah Quite A Lot Of Times Ahahaha"
"depends on my schedule"
"Learned how to tap a keg today. My face got a blast of beer in it 😒 Now beer in the ear. Blah."
"for some reason it is not showing as an option in the browser and is greyed out in the Twitter App - can you try to DM me pls?"
"so you wildin?"
"Agreed! RT : whoa. adam looks CUTE in a black tshirt."
"Ebay , why did I stop using you. You have provided me with a phonograph horn. I will never forget you from this moment on out."
"- oh, I was serious."
"Defense wins championships!!"
"Back to school, back to school...to prove to dad that i'm not a fool."
"after some hours of Mexican music and fireworks, neighbors blasting The Cure greatest hits album for Cinco de Mayo afterparty"
"Team Wisconsin Schiell/Fanning hard at work today, having practice in Rice Lake. Next weekend we'll be in action in LaCrosse!"
"Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. ~Napoleon Bonaparte"
"you not drunk enough."
"take a shot for me"
"Having a drink at M Bar followed by a birthday dinner at Asana"
"Youre very welcome. Really enjoyed reading your article."
"I, too, seek that $5.99 strip mall Pho of which you speak. Still waiting."
"Alright its an upscale crunkness in the air...line is out the door.....POSH FOLKS"
"Half of the people i gave a #FF didn't give one back . -.-"
"just got a another dog and she is adorable"
"Car shoveled out. First on my block! Doesn't matter, still have two feet of snow in the street."
"Thanks so much for my Blogger Exchange book. I love it! I hope you got yours."
"Ruins is kickin my ass today"
"my ass I followed and never got anything."
"Wish a nigga wld like a tree in this bitch ....."
"The drawing will begin shortly!"
"<------- guess who is going to be at Mutt Strutt tomorrow?? Sensei Steve!! Stop by the booth to say \"Hi!\" & sign up!!"
"Random urge to start a new game of Donkey Kong Country Returns. Such a well made game."
"okay! Just let me know soon. I want to buy them within the next couple days"
"But which chick?"
"Our last tweet was brought to you by New album in stores now!"
"allie.daisy.lee"
"WE LIVE RIGHT NOW ON www.microphonebully.com MBTV IS THE NUMBER 1 ONLINE VIDEO SHOW"
"- omg I'm sweating a lot... Does that happen when you eat too much butter??? Does it just come out of you? Me- umm???"
"Ch. Blow's article on Trayvon(NY Times today) is unbearably sad: more than the heart can bear. We need a new T. Martin Foundation"
"I must STOP watching random episodes of #gameofthrones until I get my hands on the first season!!"
"We believe we are ahead of the music industry. We offer a free market approach to success!"
"\"Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can..."
"We are attending a show and a #JAPANDROIDS show on consecutive nights. Gonna be rough. Easier when they billed together:)"
"Braved the cold with and friends for a roof screening at the AK Press bldg. So much fun!"
"I need a pencil"
"Meetup for Open Textbooks Reason 4: \"I'd like to see how your model works and may be interested in a future project\""
"new shit coming wednesday"
"-`hate when a boy say I can be his Lowkey. :'That just Pisses me off!^_^"
"I would but my roommate is making dinner. I was jut trying make you feel guilty. ;)"
"Everyone follow !!!!!"
"Wow I just got so defensive over The Hunger Games. Clearly hit a nerve. Ugh"
"Recording time had to be delayed to a scheduling matter. Should be ready for Thursday. Sorry, My Rocketeers! :-)"
"what are you downloading"
"Just read your opening up a restaurant. Hope you have room to hold all 2000 + of the SLTP ladies in August. lol"
"Oh forgot say good morning!"
"Being the best I can be..."
"Damn.. The truth hurts but I'm a big girl"
"Every time we hear Radiohead, we want beer."
"Model #3: Risk-based Population Carve-Out: All care for one individual is in one place - traditional MCO or special population MCO/ASO."
"I want some blue goo flavoured vanilla swirl ice cream. HELP."
"Insanity is to do the same thing and expect different results"
"do you ever see Amy Dresser?"
"Seeking Retail Management position....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com"
"@ AH I'm so EXCITED for the video now!!!!!!! #BOYFRIENDvideo #SWAGGIE !!!!"
"Agree! RT \"If the shoe fits, buy it in every FUCKING color.\""
"#np \"All Because I'm Free\" by Vests Williams. RIP"
"Thanks again to and for having me on to talk #Caps, it's been a blast catching up with them all season!"
"Smooth and creamy!"
"Barley going to bed! Goodnight!!"
"only time i'll ever drink 40s is if im broke or i wanna play Edward Fortyhands"
"2nd time you have lost my payment. If I have to keep track of 1 more 18 digit case # I am going 2 drop U faster than U drop my calls."
"i'm secretly a lucky charm that you never knew about"
"No Spurs game on Sunday. Grizzlies beat Clippers 90-88. That series goes to a Game 7."
"Thanks so much!!"
"not yet. Hoping to do one of the NYC locations soon. Good luck w Indigo. Isn't for everyone, but I loved the size, styling & charm."
"RT Would #Romney be open to a compromise...gay polygamy?"
"Sunshine & good times!"
"The Shema serves as more than just a renewal and reenactment of Sinai: it is a memorial of Yeshua's loving obedience"
"New dates coming up in LA and Vegas. Stay tuned!"
"Congratulations to all the new #BallState graduates!"
"happy 21!! You da best :) have fun!!"
"if I get hit, swingin on a big bitch."
"Thanks for the repeat call out!"
"I thought that's how blogging worked. They send you a car, you blog about how great it is, everyone's happy, no?"
"Come 2 the darkside......we have kittens! Why kittens u ask?? Cuz we ate all the cookies!! That why! ;)"
"At the talent show last night, the Emcee said we should be \"The Fighting Geese\" instead of Cougars. Whatever - this is"
"Blowhard is a good title given that 'BJ and the Bear' was already taken."
"I will post a pic of Tanuki tomorrow. He is a mix of a corgi with Boston terrier."
"or as they say in MVP 2003... \"PALMEIRO!! Is having another PALMEIRO!! type season.\""
"Tim Thomas ridiculous Save."
"but other than that they're twins"
"Same to you!"
"Guess u gotta come this year ;) RT : CMA Fest Memories 2011 me & but sadly missing"
"all please ask your friends to follow me so twitter will alow me to follow more people so i can follow you back"
"thanks for the recommendation :) How's it going man?"
"sorry daddy but youre must goin to the hell)))"
"We're proud to have the team This is a startup the really values great UX!"
"So if a guy obviously likes you but has issues showing that infront of your friends? Im so over you... Come back when you can man up"
"#ICanHonestlySay that I have a love/hate relationship with moneys."
"Ooh, I just bought that book. Glad to hear you liked it."
"#WeWontWorkoutIf you can't sing at least one number from Cabaret."
"God I fucking hate DJ Dave from Hyundai"
"Bill Clinton and Ron Burkle... What a match made in heaven."
"I unfollowed a lot of people who weren't following me. I follow people who follow me back. #teamfollowback <3 guarantee <3"
"Yep that's gone."
"I hope UW dance team performs tonight. our dance team needs to start competing w other universities!"
"Like the idea!"
"Thanks to the wonderful business professionals at the Huntsville Chamber - biz after hours event tonight - you made a newcomer very welcome!"
"Trying to psych myself up to start shoveling."
"The NCAA has placed the California men's basketball program on two years probation as a result of 365 impermissible recruiting phone calls ."
"Sitting in a hospital waiting room makes you realize your problems aren't that important"
"You guys are so creative! :)"
"Dope! RT : Just finished editing music for an upcoming Knice clothing commercial."
"Finally sitting on the plane to leave Miami, and get back home to Detroit!"
"15 pounds of candy? That should do! :) So glad you can join us tomorrow! cc: We will miss you !"
"#YouKnowYourHigh When you been floating over and hour."
"Junior Seau RIP - a real football player."
"Wake up #America, don't wait until your #unemployed or #homeless to speak up"
"Marlo is dumb as hell she just sounds stupid to me"
"I'm not sure which black bars I hate more, the sides, or top & bottom. Remember when TVs didn't have those?"
"everyone know you're really trying to get butt raped."
"beginning the exciting pursuit of summer internships!! Drop me a line if you know of something fabulous!"
"okkie goodnight c:"
"UPCOMING SHOW: Thursday, Aug. 12 at 8pm at UCB-LA. Spread the word!!!"
"Zach Parise with two goals and Ryan Miller with the shutout... GO USA!!! ALL THE WAY!!!"
"Most business folks I meet truly seem to believe there's not much value in looking any more than 6-12 months out. Interesting"
"no i never thought about home schooling. besides she`d rather having me going 2 school"
"Sam, only at Madison location just so you know."
"Glad you like the post. If you relapse, I'll be your sponsor."
"at that the truth!!!"
"My at home book arrived. My hectic day just turned around for the better!"
"NP: Jessica Sanches' version of Turn The Beat Around!! :)"
"Welcome to Atlanta. Moges from Ethiopia, Simon from Uganda, Mama Irene from Tanzania, Matilda & James from Kenya, & Dan in Morrocco."
"i miss my mommy"
"Super confused, tuned into a Canadian radio station driving to NY today and they said it was going to be 34 degrees... They use celcius lol"
"RT \"We're Proud Of iCarly\""
"Hip hop squares!!!!"
"Sweet! Tigers in general are beautiful. =)"
"we love treats from ! They are hand made with care and quality ingredients and are SO cute and yummy!!"
"« lol im lost , but i had some of them this morning ( ;»"
"Love the classy back and forth guys. It will be incredible to see these two teams play in front of 24,000!!!"
"throwing the ball buckets and bags everywhere in Alabama after the oatmeal man games"
"Who in the poker media is covering Zynga Poker Con? I keep seeing all these ads for it in mainstream media - wondering how it's going to be."
"Welcome to the Final Four, Kansas."
"I'm a great example of sleeping with a broken heart.."
"Automatic Update for July 2011."
"no im not"
"Prophecy: Music will come from bands who are not even formed yet!"
"and i cant wait for the music!"
"Wow what a night brutal storm had 2bring the 2yr olds in during... Love it hah. 3 to train 2day!! suppose 2do an interview this am... Lol."
"Thinking about going back to sleep *yawn*. Want to play tennis w friends later hopefully before it starts raining."
"do u remember the place C?"
"Lol. :) i love gabe yall he so cute when he is jealous"
"People who keep the tags on their clothes"
"My new favorite person. :) RT : HAPPY \"18th\" BIRTHDAY!"
"OK OK, I'M UP, MRNG PEOPLE, GETTIN UP & DOING THA DAMN THANG AT T-MOBILE FRM 12-4 , GO 2 ANY LOCATION & TELL THEM, DJ TRINI B. SENT U!!!!"
"My cat just ran from a fly. A fly that was stuck on its back. What a wimp."
"SC's chance was hurt with the sanctions. Both teams have a chance to be really good next year."
"Seeing the Avengers with my son :-)"
"is cooking up chips & guacamole, tostada de carne asada, fiery fish tacos and red burritos."
"follow and please :D x84"
"Thank you so much for posting my piece"
"Flyers shouldve beaten that shitty Bruins team, Bryzgalov doesnt touch the puck once during shootout."
"follow back and promo!!!"
"We may be we'll on our way to finding our bread ninja! Standby as we make our announcement next week."
"\"If a woman asks you a question, it's better to tell her the truth, chances are she's asking you because she already knows the answer.\""
"#Anyonewhosgoingtomakeanimpact12 has my vote"
"re: my last tweet. I vote Silicon Carriageway."
"Reading the wrong numbers and wondering why something is taking so long"
"Before reading, I was going to say this guy should hang at Dorsia ... I love it when a plan comes together."
"chips & queso > cranberries or sweet potatoes."
"It was so hot today, I had sweaty balls."
"haha my shoes were soaked"
"May prosperity be yours now and forever!"
"Early day tomrw.. Back on the grind ;)"
"'tis a wintery mix...but nut'ins sticking"
"BELIEVE IN YOURSELF !"
"Yeah I'm taking notes on how to \"learn, grow, and connect\" for based off of 's best practices, thx!"
"that was nice! What you said about"
"forever and EEEEVVVVEEERRRR take this... All of you... And eat it"
"Went ice skating with the homies now sleep over with the besties."
"YOUR DREAMS HAVE JUST CAME TRUE LMFAOOOO .."
"RT IF YOU FROM THE BURGH"
"Life can be difficult sometimes. How do you deal with tough situations?"
"RT RT : “I've never been a millionaire but I just know I'd be darling at it.”"
"Haunted is such an epic song and after Saturday night I can't stop listening to it."
"Sunshine in seattle just can't be beat. Sunny, cold and crisp - what a gorgeous day! It helps remind Seattlites why we love it here."
"Going to rule the world....I mean go cannoeing....be back in a week"
"What was the word? :D"
"Your mainstream rap stars sell a projection of an image..most of it is not true at all..and it's ignorant as hell to even be glamorized"
"2 more pages of science!! #LEGGO!!!"
"I wonder if you can die from hiccups...?"
"Jared Spool: TSA = Thousands Standing Around (in line, that is)"
"where on speen?"
"Why doesn't Tarzan have a beard?"
"“true education... will have the greatest tendency to civilize and humanize them in their relations to one another\" - Plato"
"watching some rancid episodes of south park in the airport... while someone's 5yr old looks over my sholder... providing ill to minors"
"I think triple h was driving that truck"
"Nice. Do you know when the pub date is?"
"By far the worst and most annoying lab partner I've ever had.."
"Laura, thanks for the interest in our Solar initiatives! Someone will contact you soon."
"I have a strong feeling somebody gone get cursed out from A-Z REAL SOON."
"#YouKnowBritneysALegend when her name alone makes pop music relevant."
"Adele - Make you feel my love ❤"
"There are risks with football thy evry1 is aware of the risks if they remain in the game thts on the player and their family"
"#palsloungeatl would like 2 thank everybody n ATL & beyond 4 the love. We wanted 2 have 100 followers by Friday and yest we reached 107"
"Whew! Just finished the last graduation announcement. Congratulations to all grads! Commencement just one week away ..."
"I dont need to literate... Books dont make money...."
"so when i was driving by the high school the fire alarm was flashing and i went to go look if there was a fire and then the cops came"
"Every day I just keep falling for more and more <3"
"that's cute"
"Good Morning!! Love You All!!"
"Dream On, Dreamer is so good."
"#GreysonMMag Are you a good drawer?"
"I don't always #ff, but when I do, I #ff , ceo extraordinaire."
"are you guys heading out here as well?"
"just got to MARTA station myself..."
"Working overtime...AGAIN!..Thanks for keeping us busy. :)"
"Busy is good, indeed, and am glad it is helping you. Using anything save for a brush is most groovus. :-)"
"thanks Bro.....Momma turns 84 today."
"Anyone party tonite?"
"mayg is going on sunday and possibly sam!"
"i have glitter in my eye."
"Always strive for greatness"
"I'm a Saints fan, but they got what they deserved. Maybe the rule is BS, but they were arrogant and directly dishonest about it"
"yayyyy so excited to hand off to you :) love you too!! Let's kick some ass"
"Almost the weekend!"
"Nicole Kidman back to Zac Efron and blonde hair too on set of The Paperboy - Daily Mail"
"Drake please die!"
"Had a feeling about the gender of my friend's baby and was totally right! She's having a girl."
"Like I said before, every single day! They're just too perfect for words!"
"If I die tomorrow I will freak out because I'm scared of dying ):"
"Yup. And winners will be announced from those, too. Business gets taken care of - so feel free to relax ;)"
"Good night twitter tweeps! Opening my store again tomorrow.working until noon, then downtown for"
"Foot fetish?"
"I'm happy for him obviously and definitely going to watch more 49ers games now."
"Win,win,win,win win"
"Just landed in LA I'm in love already"
"I ordered something online and had to give my number so in the comments section I wrote the lyrics to Call Me Maybe. I regret nothing."
"that's good to know"
"I'm down!"
"\": her name is \" that's what's up"
"I think we have an announcement to make in 24 hours!!"
"Apparently it is impossible to get a flight to the for less than $400."
"Swim forever or learn to breathe bullshit."
"Definitely appreciate it! I need some guidance."
"Firehook Bakery has been awarded Modern Baking Magazine's annual leadership award for dedication to quality."
"For those of you just joining us, grab a free download of our album at www.blasesplee.com and enjoy"
"Ain't no pain I can't withstand"
"Not sure icing is good. Think heat is better as I was told by a trigger point therapist."
"I don't know if you said it before but I LOVE IT. Thnks tons glad you enjoyed! You are too funny!"
"Happy Holidays to everyone!"
"Headed up to AT&T to clown!"
"oh, my. the new Decemberists album."
"So true. Experimental music usually demands close listening. I like that."
"follow back :)"
"then I guess we're never gonna drink together."
"Just 10 more members to hit the 500 mark - do you know a musician who would benefit from joining Songwriters in Seattle?"
"I miss you too! We would love to see you this summer, I'll let you know when we are coming your way!"
"Where is the sweet spot with mobile marketing? Mobile websites with e-commerce capability or text couponing and alerts?"
"so now the government can tell us who to marry......when does it end? land of the free only for straight white men. yep that sounds right."
"Don't forget to follow ! If they reach 5K followers tomorrow, they'll donate $5K to the street kids program in Rwanda!!!"
"If you had to Instagram it, it wasn't worth tweeting."
"Thin is in"
"UGHH. IM SORRY BUT I HAVE MY SHOVEL READY FOR UR COUSIN."
"koolin it bruh bruh...u good fam ain't ran into you in a min"
"women's day? Ew find me a kitchen"
"Crazy fact: Ten percent of all photos taken by humankind were taken in the past 12 months."
"When the minority party offers half the votes needed and the GOP still more interested in torpedoing the bill."
"that's a fan-base that knows basketball."
"You guys do have national IDSs in your country?"
"\"I'm going to the supply room, do you guys need anything?\" \"I THINK YOU KNOW WHAT I NEED.\""
"RT : Like said, keep fighting. There's still time. We're going to keep up the effort for better"
"I am....hahaha u should watch it:)"
"If you ever think you're crazy, watch #preppers on the history channel. Chances are, these people are worse."
"Happy Mother's Day to all the #Latism mamas, you are all close to my heart. <3"
"can't wait!!! #Cleveland #comicbook love"
"Well isn't that special! Safari can't handle anchor links without a bunch of nonsense. Anchor links, if I'm not mistaken, predate the web."
"#resume #tips A good place to find work is on LinkedIn.com. Make sure your profile has a picture up."
"explanation to come but yes."
"nah, that one was for me."
"you are an angel. It will be fine. I am on higher ground where I am. XD"
"#fml! my back!!!! I can barely move. My phone is lagging now :c"
"I'm giving new meaning to labor day. And judging by the number of email responses I've had today, I am not alone."
"Lol we were both a lil late its all love"
"Show off ya hats, show off ya tatts"
"i'd actually rather tweet rather than post my status x) me likey this beta than that"
"is having trouble finding her smile today..."
"easter bunny arrived, Im was relieved that the big EB knows of her love of skull flip flops"
"Just started a game with you."
"go cheer for the eagles or browns"
"Thanks! Happy New Year! RT : Thanks for the follow ! #NF your personal page as well :)"
"You don't want to know what the Rabbids will stream to all your devices..."
"I know who I am And know What I want. My confidence was Shot but now I'm ok So To Speak... Just wish I could Find that good Love..."
"I am happy that accepted me to be the newest member of #BrickSquad my expertise in home construction finally paid off"
"oh my GOD"
"Timothy Burke: #dh is too often Web 1.0 in mindset. // yup!"
"Shoot did I spoil a secret? Too many inputs-beeps-clicks."
"Well, Aaron Rodgers has his signature drive."
"Weather nice out 2day...think I'ma chill doe"
"Im going to bed. Goodnight guys and goodnight i am really happy for you and you deserve all of it okay?<3 We love you<3"
"Dream bigger than big"
"I like physical activities when the point of it is to finish. #marathonorsex?"
"I got u"
"It's mr steal ya girl 😉"
"At chocolate bar in cleveland. They are out of mint...so no mojitos and no chocolate candy bars...The chocolate bar with no candy bars...IDK"
"Yay! You wanna join us!?"
"who else is a realistic possibility? Va tech transfer? I think we need shooter/ball handler as much if not more than a big?"
"hahaha okay good! I was like.... Oh lord. There went that grade!! I wanted to text you but you know how that goes in her class."
"Heads up! Our 50 millionth downloader will receive a lifetime individual subscription to all SSRN networks. Tell your friends!"
"Is it really a countdown if you're the only one counting?"
"Congrats, Shatto! We never doubted you. We love our Root Beer, Strawberry and Skim milks. Not to mention our cheese curds! :)"
"Presentation on listening bodies today in America's Convention Center Rm 102 Level 1. Hope to c u there!"
"Well Yeahh You Wanna Hit The Follow Button? Meow. LOVE YOU(:"
"thank you so much!"
"Wait a minute! You tweet, \"follow me, i tweet about demolished shit and kennywood just like you!\" But I'm not demolished yet!"
"Just paid $1.50 for a bad movie about a comic book superhero... I love cheap theaters & mindless entertainment!"
"IS JUSTIN BIEBER ONLINE???!:)"
"My friends r so funny lmaoo ^_^"
"I wanna have a picnic by the water ASAP !"
"Putting the dog down today. Gonna start by telling him he has a big nose."
"Sunday night from 10 to 11pm pizza and sundaes menu!"
"good job eli..looking good."
"im listening to the shins over and over again, this music is the best...love it"
"Performing at CHEETAHS, but not in that way..."
"I keep dosin off in front of dis computer... Druelin on my keyboard. Lol!"
"Kaitlyn Stroud standing on her head in this game. Denies Monogue in the box."
"\": Nothing like blowing out a rim on the belt parkway in Flatbush bk and waiting 2 hours for a tow truck\"ask tha brothas for help"
"I am now haunted by the fact that Clint Eastwood probably won't make it through the 3rd quarter."
"i eats da pussy and ima man about it"
"#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout E"
"Life. Is. Good."
"life would be perfection then <3"
"did u ever find your way?"
"Just woke up from a 12 hour sleep. Today, will be a good day."
"Whatup big homie, let me holla at you when you get a minute"
"In or around the Binghamton NY area? We have a great disaster recovery event coming your way next month. Stay tuned for more details soon!!"
"The vice-president lost his job one month after hiring me, but I cannot say that there was a link between his dismissal and my existence."
"Just wanted to say you rocked the HOB tonight my cousin and i drove 10 hrs from ky jus for this BGN all the way kai"
"Not sure how many #construction workers check their Twitter feed before hitting the job site...but if you do, be safe and stay cool today!"
"Oh haha(x : noo I'm at home? Lol"
"#YouCuteAndAll ; But Dont Feed Into It Too Much ..."
"Happy Mothers day to all the beautiful moms out there."
"Did it ever occur to you that nothing occurs to God?"
"Has a cactus ever rubbed up against you?"
"It's not who makes your car, but who's in it."
"Off to the delightful Blackeyed Susan CD release !"
"You found me out."
"no hoops today... Hope your ankle is healing for next Sunday :-)"
"Welcome, Patron of the Arts :)"
"#trueblood tonight!! Who's watchin? Give me a shout!"
"....whose pointless lives are ground to ash by their inability to move in any direction."
"#Imagine Austin writes his name on your hand. You: Why did you do that? Austin: Because I wanna let everyone know that you'r mine! <3"
"This day is done - make that week! Off to -in need of new things for the new apt!"
"Foods done."
"Happy Birthday to the King Of Reggae...~Bob Nesta Marley!"
"Same for me. Haven't been to a game in person at all this season. Tickets, even nose-bleed ones, are so expensive."
"Advertisement: Have you taken political positions that are going to be inconvenient in the future? Don't worry, just get a #ETCH-A-SKETCH!"
"Dale Markland’s win in product liability case selected by National Law Journal as one of top defense wins"
"I started thinking bout my old toys I really started crying :( sigh"
"Josh with his 2nd bleeder but he hit them soo hard last series, I will take it!"
"You're the best at never doing shit"
"Apple wanting to talk to anyone is unusual."
"Sorry I've been so silent on Twitter and Facebook lately! There's been a lot going on, and some news I've decided to talk and blog about."
"Thinking of ditching user centered design for association centered design. Seems to be much more in demand."
"is paralyzed from eating a big plate of nachos"
"just witnessed a hit and run... shame!"
"Don't worry, I ate the 4 lone Special Dark miniatures left in your dish"
"In 1924, the Second Avenue bridge opened across the Miami River. When was the last time you visited #downtown Miami"
"remember when I saw him last year at the peach state for the first time? I blew you up!"
"Wise words from \"'Saying believable novel' is like a motel advertising 'clean rooms'. If you have to say it, it's a concern\""
"Ima just stay single.."
"shout out to you for the co-sign! keep it locked on The Pulse!! stream live @ power983fm.com"
"was OBSESSED with twitter but have been so busy lately:( must start the obsession again!"
"Hearing \"Cooper track meet at Walton\" and laughing (:"
"NP Always try to follow the supporters of Cleveland"
"The electric cello is sounding more basses than the guitar."
"Now I have to figure out where to put those computers."
"Why?!? Lexie you be on my search list!."
"That one guy who bet on the first points being a safety is freaking out right now"
"Thanks. Right now I give the edge to EC, though I'm not sure how much I'll be listening to it in, say, 2013."
"i had a really good day..."
"Have the punch! “ Do it to it, amigo! RT : I need to eat at , like, pronto. #hungry #chicago”"
"Who else other than Don Draper can cheat on his wife with another mans wife and then clock the husband for calling him on it?"
"U want to treat me like a bitch I'm ganna act like a bitch"
"Blue eyed boys. My heart melts every time :/"
"Always up for the Fish!! \": Top of the 12th, Fish still tied 2-2. RT if you're staying up late with the Fish! #LETSGOMARLINS!\""
"bitch u kno as well as i do we're both drinking as we speak, we're alcoholics, the ??? is when are we drinkin together =) lol"
"Just got back from my meeting with black cash, TeamMilitant all the way......"
"RT : Any Central FL Bloggers interested in PR passes for the please DM me =) and spread the word!!!"
"I'm so bored"
"Nina Dobrev at the Met Gala... no words. Homegirl turned it OUT! Early congrats on all the best-dressed lists she'll make."
"Know today that,You don't walk alone.You don't fight alone.You & we don't do things in our own strength,but with God's.God Bless!"
"Got a Google+ invite - thanks!"
"blowing the roof off the tonite in #Louisville. Get your tickets #Indy for this Weds"
"s/o tu my hommie she helped me stay up lastnight she supa cool"
"The #ABALawDay Jaworski program is live on C-SPAN, right now! We just got a shout out for our hard work, live on C-SPAN!"
"hah. it's scenic. that's about it."
"Thank you!"
"What are you doing in the next hour? Relax Season Finale is going on now and we've got OPEN BAR 2-3pm!"
"#CopperMnt got 3\" inches from this \"storm\"...certain promises were made and not kept, mister weatherman!"
"Tax Moonpie's in Mississippi to solve debt crisis."
"Just dropped me off >.<"
"One of the top ten holidays of the year. 's birthday."
"#RomneyYachtNames Mo' Money"
"Absolutely! If you bought a ticket, please refer to outlet where purchased for refund."
"There's this girl the one and only one around this world....<3"
"If you think you're free, there's no escape possible. ~Ram Dass"
"I legit thought you were mexican. For a long time."
"Old lenses means you're both hard core & getting better practice. Kind of a solid combo."
"1/2 off Drinks and Slushes all day tomorrow!!!!!!!!!"
"#sincewebeinghonest I don't miss you, but I missed how you made me feel"
"Making music might be the greatest thing ever."
"thanks girl!"
"and im still here...."
"summer supper: roasted corn,baby squash, asparagus, bell pepper, mushrooms on arugula w/sliced tomato, new potatoes drizzled w/olive oil."
"Ready to go to the stu wit my homie !"
"you hittin up any Soulive shows this week?"
"Is March 2011 correct?"
"No one can motivate you. You must learn what motivates you and motivate yourself."
"Watching RuPaul's Race!"
"High School walks you to the end of the plank, college shoves you off."
"how many won the regular season conference title? How many games did they have to play to get to this pt?"
"Turning dreams into reAlity"
"#ff & HUGE thanks your support – YOU ROCK ☺"
"adding \"i don't lick envelopes\" to my resume"
"Really What the fuck! People should be happy just to see u play Who cares about if u came on late."
"im not even home right now. :(( sadface"
"Day dream at night time i think to much"
"that sounds like a nice change of pace :)"
"HSPE = Hoping School Postpones Everything"
"Welp* no range cause I ain't tell her I was comingg.. ill be back tomorroww.."
"Do you still write stories on there? I miss you too, anything new going on? =) <3"
"Newest music addiction? A Fine Frenzy :)"
"I'm glad you enjoyed my city. I wish the onyx didn't have that stupid age limit smh"
"UGH- Just UGh"
"Russell Brand giving brilliant testimony before UK Parliament drug policy committee on C-SPAN."
"Nancy Drew was my favorite! Although I did love the Hardy Boys!"
"we are still laughing, and she said it to me because I was throwing a tantrum for a popsicle. She wasn't being bad."
"Is it time to mourn actual Capri length pants? :-( its all ankle, ankle, ankle. They look so weird and gross on skinny long legged ppl"
"hmm. Was wakefield on the staff all year?"
"my friend doesn't think british accents are hot......... such an indirect to zayn maliiiikkkkkkk. but she's crazy."
"Loved catching up with and love you both!"
"Giants or patriots ???"
"Why the fuck u tryna play me dawg I aint gon no time to sit around and play wit yall!"
"thanks for the follow!"
"Niggas hate on my music just because they girl love my shit lol !:)"
"I think the ground zero water fountain looks better than the twin towers did."
"#raw10 i dated a woman, her breath was so bad, i felt my facial hairs burn. she had Holotosa @ the Mosta"
"Thanks for sharing! East Coast support, woohoo!"
"back when they had Tim hardaway crossing everybody"
"Rejected Title for a Michael Jackson themed Cirque Du Soleil Show: Dirty Diana"
"how patriotic of you!"
"\"The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.\" Lao Tzu"
"OH: I met my brother on twitter!"
"quite agree~"
"haha. I can see that you're pretty excited about the #BowDay :D"
"at 7:30 ? That is when Jerry and I will be back there. If not .. Tell me where U R at 7:30 and we will come there. Ok?"
"what's wrong?"
"Hey there, (cburwick), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!"
"i was just attacked by a frog"
"RT : lol prob just the silent type :) >>What would life be without Twitter bots?"
"my pretty pix cumn son!!!!!"
"Are we drinkin' lil more,I can hardly decide!. . ."
"Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are DATING? Wow! Amazing"
"Haha! #pacers made the #heat quit!"
"And you would look FABULOUS in it!"
"Thanks for adding us to your \"Top Tweeps\" list."
"O_O o I can't believe you. After everything we been through ? smh"
"\": family over everythang!!!!!!\""
"thanks man, but only because we have GREAT fans and a GREAT city like KC that has our backs!!"
"I'll be damned if believers aren't the best band in Columbia"
"Missing. Championship caliber basketball team. Came within 2 games of the ring last season. Last seen on Wednesday. If found, fire coach"
"Couple girls ran away screaming as a foul ball dropped and landed a foot away from them. Laughs ensued."
"Being rushed off the phone <"
"If you're not growing, you are dying."
"my swag is an infection, how you gonna stop it? im all up in your blood stream, No anti-bi-ot-tics"
"Boo urns."
"Meditation/Reflection: Race and diversity dialogues have been difficult but necessary. Grateful for all my good teachers in past 2 yrs. ICU."
"Faith makes things possible, not easy. ~ Author Unknown"
"ill do an update on the contest later and tweet it to you but im pretty sure youre in 12th"
"lol i bot a pack of brittish tea today and omg i love it it is so god!"
"NF: follow back"
"Milwaukee is beautiful in October. (Well, mostly.) :)"
"Thanks Leandro \"CHECKOUT\" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please \"HELP\" us gain more fans tell some friends..."
"I wanna see The Avengers again!! FUCK!!!!"
"come true but will they they say that if you say its yours and if you want it bad it will come to you i having a hard time believing because"
"Good one!When i`m happy i am singing that line all of the time!It`s simple,that is my lucky line!"
"Sunday funday with my best friends! 😍"
"We're living in the era of celebrating 50th anniversaries for everything that happened in the 60s"
"did you see the nuggets d? Kobe was destroying them Game 6 is a wrap We need rest for okc"
"oh wait, Product, you said. Yes, I always use Product."
"it keeps messing up for some reason! O think its because I changed my name."
"theyll probly even give you more for free. they upped my upload limit for free \"for the children\"."
"Forgery happened in a campaign CTA was leading. Never said you did it. But who did?? Docs don't forge themselves."
"Happy Mothers Day to all my fellow Mommy's in twitter land!"
"your mind is my favorite mind. no lies. i'd probably trade my picture for it."
"Next time I won't plant a tissue wad in the V.I.P. room when corporate stop by."
"Adapted Screenplay goes to... The Descendants"
"My mama ain't call me in to days! The fuck her problem is! Wish she had a twitter so she can read dis"
"Only place 2 watch sharks... Comfort of tha crib : Sitting here watching the end of Shark"
"Just got Ron Clark's new book The end of Molasses Classes - thanks Ron and team - it's a must read for parents and teachers."
"whats the Obama Administration doing to make health care affordable??? This could be an election killer for him!!! He needs to act now!"
"I am home alone!! and I love it!!! haha"
"LA Clippers, moving on the 2nd round Semi Finals playing against my San Antonio Spurs! Oh yeauh. We got this."
"Booking auditions is a game of inches, what are doing to get better, stand out and win?"
"North Carolina dusts off old 'BLACKS ONLY' water fountains ... They're on a roll?"
"When do you graduate? I want my 4sq mayorship back. Bad, Badger, bad!"
"AMERICA WHY ARE YOU SO STUPID. SKYLAR SHOULDVE WON AMERICAN IDOL. HECK COLTON SHOULDVE WTF."
"Grandmother dancing with her 10 year old grand son.pre- Teen troupe in full greek dance regalia, yummy food."
"I am actually pretty good dancer too much partying in undergrad"
"Tbh I really don't gaf if a guy is \"lightskinned\" or not."
"I don't care where ur from, top-down on the 2-seater in 47 degrees has got to be cold!"
"Where is this \"Walk the Moon covers Fleet Foxes\" gig? Looks jiggy/wiggy. ;-)"
"#AllianceSummer Nice update on Muse and JSTOR ebook projects. What is intersection w/ commercial eb vendors?"
"Glad you're joining us! Tweet us and let us know how you enjoy the program - we'd love to hear from you."
"RT : ChiefEunuch - The Daniel Diet is a-MA-zing! 10 days of water and vegetables = better you! // not amazing but worth it!"
"She hates no one, but if two ppl are in love, they BETTER be a man and a woman because HER \"god says so\". Sickening"
"that's unfortunate. I've had that happen on here. Friends disown you b/c you don't agree, as if you can't be friends & not share"
"Throw back a cold one after the Redhawks Game? If so, it's all happening.....TONIGHT AT WHISKEY CHICKS! See you there!"
"lol and watch for any cars that r following u"
"Can't resist sharing a few more of today's great #bmorehistoric proposals! Here they come."
"-I do this daily at the junior high. Just want to make it better."
"I've just realised this is the 3rd Friday in a row I have been ill...seriously? FF is starting to mean something much different in my world."
"Carrie underwood-get out of thus town"
"Skip Bayless doesn't like you."
"It's the struggles you manage on your own which your friends nor family can see which makes you independently stronger"
"we going to a award show hit outkast studios the strip club and all... 300 for hotel n all"
"A homeless man told me this joke: how do you find Will Smith in the snow?"
"I gotta admit, my wife cooks very well and it is a big +. However, maybe he'll cook for you instead? ;)"
"🐒🐬 Dolphins banging monkeys. It's funny because it could never happen!"
"Munch THE Brunch ? haha"
"what do you mean????"
"cool - will check it out :) -CV"
"I hate girls that smoke cigarettes."
"What do you think of SOPA?"
"your a directionator!!"
"LEETS PLAY STREET HOCKEY LIKE TODAY, NOW, FUNDAY SUNDAY BIATCH. That is all"
"Bustin it down wit wifey out in the hometown seein da big cuzzo tae! Thankful for my family n my cypher real talk!!"
"Do #GOP voters realize that to nominate #Romney is to remove the one big issue of #Obamacare from the table? It's political suicide."
"Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as you mind lets you"
"OFFICIALLY A WORKING WOMAN!!!"
"Glad you had a chance to meet and chat a bit over Pnut shells at - crunchy conversations"
"BAHAHAHAHA so true!"
"\"We are fortunate to live in interesting times... We are fortunate to live in interesting times...\" Repeat! Stay positive tweeters."
"Not sure if I should be offended or complimented that someone thought a thank you card I sent them was handmade when it wasn't."
"Once again shows it’s support for the UX community by sponsoring #idea10 this year. Thank you!!"
"I don't really talk to people I dislike & people wonder why I'm so quiet but how I am on Twitter is how I am if I do like u #understandthat?"
"actually i'm gonna eat something too. brb"
"And she's right back to texting. Such is the magic of the kiss cam."
"According to sources, FIU's Mario Cristobal to leave and take the head coaching position at Rutgers."
"who did u do that??plz tell me"
"SO! Who's going to a 2012 concert? Anyone...? -Caitlin xx"
"ha I would dump him too!!"
"It's not hairstyling, it's \"sculptural ephemera\". Lol"
"excellent idea-the best of both worlds!"
"thanks for the tweet! i can't imagine staying anywhere else while in Montreal! see you next month!"
"Hungry in the middle of the night"
"Give Otto the ball!!"
"Think you're a tough guy? Take a Pilates class--will kick your butt!"
"I am embarrassed to be the same nationality as Palin, can't Alaska be it's own country?"
"Why do we need another show that talks about Howard? How about more live shows from him?"
"hahahah I'll have to check it out."
"The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live."
"Very true."
"onfiemed See you there!"
"Wow. Manchester City wins the title with two stoppage time goals. Best end to an EPL season ever?"
"he's here until friday."
"Cant sleep -___-"
"Looks like 2 of the quadfrecta is complete"
"HEY! I LIKE YOUR COW! WATCHING NACHO LIBRE"
"Woo, cheese fans, Pastoral is on Twitter!"
"Taking Metro shuttle showed me a new way to get to 50 & the metro from campus, Old Lee Hwy."
"The Fly is packed! Get of Facebook and come join the party!!!"
"“Successful people are masters of the process of their chosen field. Its a PROCESS, so nestle in and have patience.”"
"Okay I'll Make There Next Time"
"Honestly, what the fuck is wrong with All I want to do is sort my mail by sender!"
"A Pyrrhic victory."
"All night printing session in full affect!! Stripping away the dead fat of my portfolio. Feels good to lose the weight. My gut is next!"
"Giving thanks today to Friends of Fondren for endowments & gifts : much appreciated!"
"And when the rain begins to fall?? MT :Putting together Pop Panel while eating cheap Thai, listening to Pia Zadora's '80s flops"
"That moment of regret when you realize you're waisting your time."
"my mama is so lame man! lmfao"
"people watch me and follow on twitter"
"that was jose."
"You could lose your faith in music or lose faith in your friends, you could lose your faith in breathing.... But don't lose your faith i ..."
"cf was humbling today! squat cleans and split jerks..."
"My daughter negotiates like Scott Boras and my son behaves like Metta World Peace. Not exactly the sports identities I had hoped for them."
"I miss you too!! Somedays I want to come back... Do you need an ASM?"
"Should i do a speech about nutella or Arizona's? Or somthing else"
"I was surfing around and saw some new songs like... \"Living the Dream\".. are you guys breaking up or something??!"
"We definitely need a grinder/rough guy. Something like Perkins to compliment and help Tyson. Used to love those 90's teams."
"So when the senior prank?"
"Heading to Mangos to play in a few hours"
"Going to see the musical WestSide Story tonight... Excited :D"
"lol yo fam did u play college ball or something?"
"As much as I want to embrace these last few days that I have in high school, they are honestly pointless"
"Whats good bro!?"
"I LUV U TOO DAD AS A CRUSH!!"
"Gossip is for the weak, if you didn't see it with your own 👀's it shouldn't be coming out of ur mouth!"
"•In the US, about 280 million turkeys are sold for the Thanksgiving celebrations"
"we are excited for the Houzz tour photoshoot on Friday too!!!!"
"probably not"
"I chickened out and cancelled my appointment this morning"
"Wake up,shower, get paid and repeat"
"Now begging this blunt to please roll itself..."
"considering playing 13 Pag. Capricci for 2nd half of recitals for late spring when right place offers, will do all 24 live"
"ate lunch there the other day. Was pretty good. I assume you're not trying to make an 8 panel? It's slow food"
"ok needs 4 more followers to meet her goal of 2500 followers"
"Talking to a TV screen doesn't count RT Just talked to Kobe he said ALL SYSTEMS A GO!"
"LET GO of whatever makes you stop!!!!!!!"
"lol shit it's not hard!!"
"You know you are sick as a dog, when you try to upload the same tweet 5 times and you still don't get it right. Damn..."
": thanxxxx for coming to kick it with coffee and cupcakes!!! You're the best xoxoxo Amazing times!"
"Thank you Kemya! (I know I'm so late! :)"
"aw ok ok, wht studio you going to ? And youtube me deandre751 listen to my song Wanna Be"
"yooo!...we gon do work bro!.."
"I'm just chillin, man. You never mind me."
"Back of the bentley niggas tried to get me we out gucci gang for life"
"ManU while still good aren't the giants they once were. Time to reload."
"Mickey Rourke lives the THUG & CHUG life. Full of graft & corruption. Not as pretty as back in Pope Of Greenwich Village"
"I still need to get my nails done before the concert O___o I should have done that today lol."
"Are you a A Developer with Console or MMO Experience interested in finding a new position?"
"Listing to suffokate makes me emo? Oh that's cool"
"Thanks for the follow Albuquerque Pro (AlbuquerquePro)! :)"
"Who's a wake ?"
"Some of the hardest working people I know haven't the time to sit in theaters either! 😉"
"lol ricky he was joking around we just found it <3"
"I still think Mike Tyson is one or if not the best fighter. His record speaks for itself"
"If you don't like Earth Wind and Fire, go away. That is all."
"Makes me excited for new Justified"
"Awesome! I'll stop by there on the way home today! Thanks for the tip!"
"To late to stay up.... it is cold out side were is spring.."
"MoveOn should be focused on writing legislation and not toting the party line. Can Progressives be more than an opposition party?"
"- insert Obama's name where Cains is and see how that sounds"
"Looking for a new home in #SanDiego? I've got tons of new listings coming up - let me know what you're looking for!"
". I believed her as a 16 y.o. forced to grow up fast--and not emaciated because she resourcefully feeds herself on game."
"Cabana Suffolk ave"
"Wtf I look like being a grown ass woman with kids taking another woman's purse & goin through her shit? Never that."
"we are working on that and have featuring the equipment room."
"I know :( tragic. \": Horrible for Mickelson\""
"No one is superior or special in the eyes of God."
"My healthcare insurance will also come to an end in July."
"RT : Tix for Washington DC's BIGGEST & BEST New Year's Eve bash are about to go on sale for just $99. Check out"
"what do you mean \"these people?\" lol."
"Someday i will have tickets"
"Blazer game watching"
"Man everything is going wrong for me today!!! First apc, then the storm...now what?!?!"
"Exciting news - congratulations!"
"SN: If you're rapping a lyric like,\"I wish a nigga would,\" your voice isn't allowed to crack. Sorry, I didn't make the rules..."
"Greta enjoys the Stampede"
"MT : 1st black president-Health care reform-DADT-Bin Laden-DOMA- Equal pay-Same-sex marriage endorsement. Best prez, ever?!"
"Santa Fe has the cleanest air in US - Am Lung Assn. For those less fortunate - see your NM Pella Fella for new windows! Jeff 505-918-6339"
"First ever farmer's market trip: short and sweet. I got Caledonia honey and Mayhew strawberries!"
"Good Morning what's good who is getting crushed today. Lol"
"Things look great for #TeamBlackBerry. New apps are added daily for the #PlayBook in App World. It's hard to keep up."
"thanks for the s/o and everybody follow #NOW !!!!!!"
"funny! How are things? I want to make it to the this year..."
"A crab omelet is always a good decision! Safe travels!"
"Had a fantastic fundraising committee meeting with my fellow board members of this AM. Looking forward to PEG 2012!!"
"The next person to use the term \"brogrammer\" is getting punched in the face. You've been warned."
"Please enter my life!"
"We are pleased to announce the launch of the new website for Dianna Duran Secretary of State 2010. www.diannaduran2010.com."
"I've been sleeping on stones."
"Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes ~ Jim Carrey"
"Happy Groundhog Day! Are you excited or disappointed Puxatony Phil saw his shadow?"
"I'm not sure if any of us watch it... I know that 's wife does. Maybe we could have a guest reviewer, ha ha"
"but u have the body, and strenght! I think if u try you'll do great! :D"
"yup you just have to be cool about it and not seem like crazy fan lol"
"That's NOT trash talk?! RT : Now BFH accusing me of \"trashing Liberals\" & forgetting I did so. All from \"I am sick of Liberals.\""
"#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when you really want yo text the person you love but you know they never want to hear from you again"
"#TEDxABQ Cathy McGill - be willing to see with our hearts, not just our eues"
"By this time next year I will be working 9 jobs and failing at least at three of them. Catching up on years of grading."
"What is everyone up to tonight?"
"Alright kiddies! Who's ready for a debate? God knows there's gotta be some newsworthy shit out of this…"
"what's wrong with cody?"
"they promise great things. We are stoked at the buzz"
"It's kinda sad that it's already the last day of school! It went by so fast!!"
"Countdown until showtime! We're excited to see so many people planning to come out! THANK YOU!!"
"Game time! Geaux Tigers beat Texas tech!"
"RT : In South Carolina, a Final Blizzard of Appeals Before the PrimaryIn South Carolina, a Final Blizzard of Appeals…..."
"Distance to civilization is inversely proportional to smokiness and price."
"Son: How much does it cost to get married, Dad? Father: I don't know son, I'm still paying for it."
"is hot. That's all there is to it"
"More golden Friends of Globe shirts printed and ready to wear! ~To MICA friends who are waiting to get yours, lets meet up!"
"I miss everything about you."
"Great game Sox , and way to go Philip Humber , yippppeeee"
"Laughing hysterically at gender jokes. The students are getting the idea that it is ok to laugh too."
"Nice blog. You made a good point."
"thanks G!!"
"It's hard when you're doing CC-licensed stuff."
"Now that jury finds Kelly Elementary shooter Brendan O'Rourke guilty on all counts, \"part 2\" of trial (the sanity portion) starts tomorrow"
"\"a great team guy\" \"plays decent defense\" \"starting to hit the ball hard,just right at guys\" #MarinerExcuses for"
"Needs a Nap ."
"“: I bet you shower naked you slut!” Hilarious! 😂😄"
"yeah, my draw something's are rarely straight forward."
"Alright . I came in . It gets soo hot after beein out there for a while . Ha ."
"Granite \"ore\" marble…which do you prefer?"
"No man it was the original version, but your remix is still amazing! +VP"
"Thank you for the mention about our guitar documentary and the threat of the loss of trees to guitars."
"heard was singing \"Call Me Maybe\" on his drive to the multi this morning."
"Hau'oli La Aloha (Happy Valentine's Day)! Spread the Aloha Spirit!"
"debating on whether or not to watch the wiggles again or sell my daughter"
"Just planned the meals for the week using and and #Giant grocery. Yeah! I hope I actually save money this week!"
"NBA regular season kicks off in a little over an hour!! A very Merry Christmas to team and arena employees around the league. Wait is over."
"Apparently I'm a coyote trainer now."
"I'm kidding about having only a few dollars"
"#AmexWholeFoods Looking forward to my deal!"
"LOL I'd rather you tweet it to the Buffet or answer on FB or even anonymously on the website. But I'll accept if you must"
"HalfPrice tickets to see Stanley Jordan!valid Thur, March 15th and Sun, March 18th, the 10 PM show only,Get tickets online, use code \"SJ12\""
"If you are posting #NoPantsAZ images to Flickr, add to the ImprovAZ group and use tags #nopantsaz and #npsr ()"
"Suggestion – Fourth, Share a humorous story without attaching a point. This works great because your humility will attract the audience."
"Come Watch the NFL Draft at The Anchor Bar Starting at 8pm"
"Good morning!"
"We got The Gold Trigon. We are so awesome."
"I'ma punch you in the mouth. With my boot. Hah"
"still working on our site....WOOF!"
"In the car headed to the hotel."
"We hope everyone has a very happy #Thanksgiving!"
"Silence is a girl's loudest cry. You can always tell she is really hurt when she starts ignoring you."
"When people play around in the gym."
"It's that time! #NASCAR in #GABP #Reds going to be a great evening of sports!"
"I'm sorry.... I only like the nice dinosaurs... Not the scary ones :/"
"Question to all at the Finals... What will you do After this win?"
"its so hard to forget about the past tho .."
"i missed philippines i wish i could go back there right now..malungkot d2 sa america:("
"Worst experience so far to date at the lake Watched people walk in and get seated before me after 1/2 hour wait. rude hostess."
"why thank you! But I must admit my big dawg helped a lot!"
"Never mistake motion for action."
"We're ready, , , and We've put down the brunching sheets."
"7 Holiday Beers on tap from Delirium,Evil Twin,Mikkeller,Ommegang and more. Also 15 bottled ones. Stop in soon and try them with friends!"
"No way. That was RT : Won an electoral vote in Nebraska."
"Yeah i am alright what you been up to"
"No matter what you go through that right person makes you forget all about it.."
"this summer should be live !"
"so i was looking at on of Tyler the Creator's tweets and i found this hilarious guy name steve omg! so funny. looks like a pedophile"
"Loving hair!!! To get herfemme fatale look, take sections of hair and wrap around a 1/2 inch curling iron from root to ends:)"
"ddeedsy is with mcenroe! deeds? i thought we were watching scooby doo."
"I want to get my tatt done up today ...."
"Ghetto girld got there income tax now dey know dey baby need some clothes and dey tryn to buy a michael kors purse lmao 😱"
"Annd that's a wrap! New reel is finished.. #HappyHumpDay!"
"which one you gettn?"
"You're joking, right?"
"what happened with you and Silverstone?"
"Frank Spaziani is not the worst coach in the history of the world, he is just a tribute."
"A moonlight tour of the monuments sounds neat. I've only had a chance to see a few lit up at night when I've visited DC."
"hey thank you for following me:-) if you need a writer, or photographer let me kmow. lets stay In touch"
"Very West Wing S7 RT 1 billion people living in rural areas in developing countries don't have access to reliable roads"
"Thanks babe"
"You 2 actually have a LOT of common interests, now that I think about it! Could a collaboration be far behind?"
"Sharing unknown to little known music with the universe. Join the movement!"
"Carvin jones rocks the house! Tonight 9pm. going to be good time for all"
"Hurray for the end of the day! Loving this Seattle sunshine!"
"Rajon Rondo has been suspended for game 2 vs Hawks on Tuesday for bumping into an official."
"Thank you ! You too."
"agreed... needs to get w/ the program. Maybe can help her w/ that too?"
"Saw my friend go off to prom today! She looked stunning! :)"
"Word. KB24. RT : please don't tell me you're a heat fan"
"Post Veterans Day trivia... who, from the Shenandoah Valley, earned the Medal of Honor?"
"Congratulations, Nice Job! You must be a rolling stone. Ha! Get it?"
"stop pandering and trying to bring in the youth vote. Just fix it Mr. President."
"\"When I'm tired and cannot sleep, I count my blessings instead of sheep\"~Irving Berlin. Sweet dreams, loved ones xo <3"
"Another poor uninformed Rap/Artist: Nowadays, why in the world would an artist have a \"breakage\" clause in their recording contract?"
"“: Incorrect use of pitch correction can kill your song. Pay attention...” Esp if you send it to mix with Autotune printed."
"why no song by the on that Parenthood sdtk? that would have been my sole reason to buy it."
"Great job hun!!!! You get my vote"
"Wherein does it cause harm? I'd rather have more class, lest tests."
"i spy cuties ;D"
"Lt for both us"
"Had Lunch with Chris La, the newest edition to 15four."
"Why am I so tired tonight? It's not like I did anything at work..."
"Will there be a season two? I really love the show. Kudos to ALL involved. And you act your pants off, lady! *applause*"
"read it and love it!"
"that's... quite convincing actshually..."
"I like the drafts recently. The young pitching will be a big boost to the big league club. I like Scooter. Need to draft power."
"thanks for coming down philly! :) #motivated!"
"NO NO NO NO NO"
"In Tallahassee today with Film Florida talking with Legislators"
"that is super news! Congrats!"
"mesh Well not mess lol"
"LOVE in nsn when someone films playing in front of the avon theater and they say, \"this kid is bound to be famous.\""
"I agree. At least, if you're doing it for the \"right\" reasons it's not about that."
"Late to party, but congrats!"
"MDA Fill the Boot Kick-Off Tonight RUMRZ CAFE & GRILL. Starting at 6pm!"
"so my birthday is sunday the big 25 wonder what's in store since i no longer live close to nola that means no casino for the birthday :("
"More power to ya. I would have just said screw it & let the train go ahead without me."
"Oh Better Yet Brooklyn Carter lol"
"hey,I might catch you filming this weekend?!?!"
"this one?!"
"made 2 appt's this week for readings completely by Texting from and too my clients!! Isn't technology wonderful???"
"Getting final touchs done on the new booth for #astd2011 #astd come visit at 551 if you'll be there"
"Skinny dude with handlebar moustache walks by, mauling banana."
"They do need rock-solid sound temperament."
"#Trivia What year did the Superdome open?"
"I'm not sure if I owe $50 or $55."
"they won't save him"
"Community Mortgage has been serving Indiana home buyers for 29 years. FHA/VA/Conventional and USDA loans, 877-829-7161 Indiana lender"
"Being a Detroit ____ fan, not shedding a tear for any Chi. teams Greeny. Sorry 4 you though. Tue. is coming up also."
"clearly I wasnt late if I saw you throw it...and neither of those boys are more important than me or"
"Appreciate the mentions and RTs!"
"My girl takes 4ever"
"Oh, no!! For how long?"
"Faux Show opens Friday! Don't miss this one; choice works of art that play with perceptions. riverwestartistassociation.blogspot.com/"
"been working on an academic resources page for Demetria Martinez's website. Almost finished!"
"I have seen plenty of Conservatives say that today and since this started"
"Someone just sent me an email asking that I call them on an urgent matter. I can't make this stuff up."
"These two little asian girls just started yelling and laughing at me and my dad l0l okay..."
"Thanks for checking it out...hope to see you soon!"
"im not. I'm just being lazy, i dnt want to stress these exams too much that way I don't blank on them"
"SHUT UP!! You're beautiful.. You are, you are!! Believe me. <3"
"search moomooyawl on instagram and follow that! also follow on here! #shittacos !"
"#WEST-wild wild WEST coast #EAST- Concrete jungle where dreams are made, oh! ;D"
"My favorite principle is that all content must be shareworthy."
"Do you know why New Yorkers are always so depressed? Because the light at the end of the tunnel is in New Jersey."
"Nate dogg the best that ever did it!"
"Apparently #Smash & #Glee fsns discovered something this week some of us knew all along: Smash & Glee suck."
"santos to fast young and strong"
"I'm watching this game and still trying to figure out...what's so \"old\" about the Celtics?"
"i love listenin to my 7yr old sing to me :)"
"Believe it or not, I have a great Magic Johnson impersonation. \"I'm soo disappointed in the lakas..\""
"Makes no sense when an equal number of people die due to excess"
"Thank you for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Cheers!"
"#rewarding Dry Cleaning Business Can Be Rewarding"
"ouch Heather no need to get personal lol"
"was he cute?"
"Oh i will...you'll get to watch me on shtuff ta daa hahahaha"
"The plan. Head from Perla to the cigar store. Smoke & read for a couple of hours. Then come back for dinner. Oh yeaahhhh."
"RT That commercial (Avion) make me wants to have some shots Lol already there;)"
"S/O TO ALL"
"Going to take a nap, the room just going to be me for awhile"
"Im based for life no trading"
"I tend to agree. I wonder what engine they are actually using?"
"you moved on :("
"Jason Bryant alumn is showing through May 6th @ IMPULSE Booth I-7!"
"I loved that movie too!!!"
"done early for the day - have a great summer weekend and remember to protect those eyes with sunglasses!"
"Fly to the UK in March! Whole rows to yourself, excellent service and ambien (ok maybe I brought the ambien)"
"Today's entire 1-9 lineup is homegrown. 4th time in franchise history and first time since 1971, pretty cool."
"fucking pissed beyond fucking belief i want to be left the fuck alone dont talk to me dont text dont call"
"I wouldn't know..."
"The only number you need for all your business telecom requirements: 0844 880 2010."
"I was initially told the Fred Jackson deal was two-years worth $8 million plus incentives."
"I love Wale."
"Women are like phones: They like to be held, talked to, and touched often. But push the wrong button and you're disconnected"
"UB40 Non Blondes"
"Pick a Peck of Positivity - Personafied.......!!!"
"I want to marry a cowboy like George strait!"
"He's noticing he's growing rigid, & he recognized something important there, but he noticed he could not quite connect w/it."
"This #Miami #Dallas game is garbage!!"
"Thank You Chris R. For Liking free vegas comedy today!!"
"You Obviously Love Oreos duh..."
"About to play guitars signed by Sarah McLachlan, Joan Jett, Brett Michaels, and Melissa Etheridge, among others, to be auctioned off. :)"
"The fact that I am in Maine makes this rumor seem more legitimate - Nor'easter on Christmas day. Hmm..."
"I'm right behind you!"
"I have to do an essay for gym...."
"careful...shes been known to go WWE off the back of our sofa"
"Premium on Facebook starts w page post"
"Screening sHELL Tonight see you there!"
"so this raises some questions. a) how do you dispose of a microwave? and b) what constitutes a good microwave? hum."
"Time Warner Cable visit #2 within 17 days. I have absolutely no faith my problem will be fixed so I hope to be surprised."
"Awww i found my signed brittanya poster , ive been looking for it <3"
"Why should content NEVER be an afterthought? Don't be a hole-filler. Join 's workshop Content Strategy 101 at"
"Not sure what to do next? \"Be sure it's something you want to still be doing and talking about in 5 years!\" - Glynnis Whitwer"
"see you soon"
"Ha! Yes."
"I feel like cuddling 😘"
"got it! You guys are in!"
"right need tu wake dey twitter watchn asses up"
"Hiya Todd!! Thanks for following me on this little thing called Twitter! =) Have a nice night!"
"Mr.Rizo will you be my sugar daddy?"
"Im too nice sometimess, gotta learn how to not give into things sometimes!!"
"The Notebook is on tv but I have no one to watch it with"
"It would be fantastic if I could get this over with already."
"Amazing how much u can learn/get hooked in a very short pitch when it's good - tip: walk audience through user exp, clearly state issue"
"Almost all of our tamales are gluten free. Take advantage of our menu with our chile verde, tinga de pollo&vegetarian tamales."
"Thank you to all who submitted Classroom of the Future applications in the state of MN!"
"FILL IN THE BLANK: My favorite ice cream flavor is ____________."
"#spiderupdate Ive abolished that batch of nasties, but I think they have more in hiding..."
"Thanks for all those who attended PIA Expo yesterday and stopped by our booth!"
"Yo, where's the marshmallows, lol."
"Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory."
"wow! A tweet every 10 seconds? Little aggressive."
"Tonight, we are young..."
"Haha oh I remember...We were so weird!!"
"I was just asked, \"If I refer you business, do I get something out of it?\" Yes, you make $$ by referring #StatusTv VIDEO|PHOTO|DESIGN|PRINT"
"I hope your book is a huge success!"
"no I'll prolly just see what sing comes on next"
"“: That bestfriend that you can have a whole conversation with... just by using facial expressions” 😉"
"sound checking. and ready to rock. Show starts at 10 pm"
"Yep, get those feeders up for the early birds! We won't see any Hummingbirds probably for another month or so..."
"that. is. PERFECT."
"Rates are great! Call us today at (804)276-4146!"
"I bet you anything I'm gonna think you're the real Alex and tweet you. Lol it's gonna be an #epicfail xD but funny!"
"oh my gosh, that's the best compliment you can EVER give me Martyn! :')<3"
"no \"rat\" in the name...but I'm sure I've been called one on some occasion"
"I can dig it! Peace, Love, and Happiness 24/7 man life is beautiful. Live it speak it and enjoy it."
"Folks, it was almost 50 degrees today...ice NOT safe. At least 2 of 4 teens fall through out at Washington park walking across lagoon."
"Watching black swan. Great rainy day activity!"
"They are already made. Each tee is limited edition."
"Can't wait to see everyone, all purtied up and all!!"
"thank bro"
"Happy Easter everyone! Enjoyed a nice hike today in Valley Forge and now at the airport picking up someone special."
"More work with local municipalities, really expanding the uses of SMS messaging."
"hi Kim from Milwaukee, WI... Just wondering how old is your oldest daughter?"
"#commoncore standards drive me crazy but are imperative when remembering who museums support -- teachers"
"A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle."
"Meanwhile, what to eat hmm"
"Good morning my loves!:) What's my twitter family up to this weekend???"
"I like quotes. This one is good. RT : Patience with others is love. Patience with self is hope. Patience with God is faith!"
"please could i get a follow for my birthday<3 it would mean the world to me<33"
"o....well then..ill accept a welcoming party of one lol"
"she's awesome! And congrats on your mortgage!"
"The famous quote about conquering something \"because it was there\" does not apply to Spam sandwiches sold in malls. Danger, Harvey."
"God damn I'm so irritable. Loud noises, everything is pissing me off!"
"NIH News -- NIH LAUNCHES COLLABORATIVE PROGRAM WITH ..."
"Fuck your feelings."
"The new halo Xbox 360 game is the business !"
"Those who say that NE cheatin wasn't a big deal is a fool. U can't successfully change all your sideline signals at half"
"what are the questions?"
"are you home?"
"Aw...I'm here"
"DUDE!!! I commented and said DAYUM, it looked delish! Ha haa! I mentioned your name the other day to Gustavo from Telemundo."
"THIS WEEK!! The Maine, Lydia, Shadows Fall, Baroness, Andrew Jackson Jihad. What a crazy crazy week this will be..."
"Stressful casserole!"
"...think \"higher\" fat instead of low carb. Fat and protein keeps you fuller and gives you needed calories. Would not go too..."
"Praying :) Wondering if what I'm thinking about is really from God."
"Good for you. What about everyone else's kids though? How do we help everyone b/c if we don't then all of us lose?"
"Sitting patiently on lockdown at work due to another shooting at CUMC. Awesome."
"Did Baylor think they were going to be playing in the dark?"
"Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives."
"I aint gay or nothing, I just follow JB."
"Marjane Satrapi: conservative culture rejects pleasure: w When I say I love to smoke, eat & have sex, I hear cancer, cholesterol & AIDS"
"Much happened this weekend, films were prepped, condos viewed, cacti purchased, meetings were held and I forgot to tweet about all of it."
"So large percentage of black voters supported Amendment 1? Last I checked so did OVERWHELMING majority of white voters."
"Tito Carrillo quintet record release at the Green Mill!"
"According to House Hunters, all the black people in the U.S. live in Atlanta."
"2 hours of exams for 4 days :c"
"welcome back"
"Pei's BOC vs. Foster's HSBC buildings in HK kind of settles the debate in favor of modernism, I'd say."
"Our customers can't stop talking about it... our Rosemary Balsamic Pork Chop will not disappoint! Come try this fresh & #delicious favorite."
"Alright Alright Alright Go Bears in my Kevin Hart voice"
"that is why Paterno hasn't stepped down. Same thing happened to Bear Bryant, retired and died less than 6 months later."
"Love it when God interrupts sermon study. Full blown, one man worship session in the basement."
"made tapioca tonight and instead of vanilla I added a shot of Disaronno."
"Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey"
"No! Don't deflate my ego!! :) Loved seeing u! Knew there was a reason I picked TSR tonight after a 2yr hiatus! CU soon, babe!"
"Hate science."
"Finishing up new web site + print sites(s) with + press packet with for early next release. & planning June's show."
"I broke down and ordered an electric juicer yesterday. This squeezing 10-20 limes at a time with a citrus press is taking its toll on me."
"Jack Johnson + Apple Jacks Cereal = Great Morning<3"
"Hello! Kupoz offers your business FREE mobile media marketing. www.kupoz.com Success to All!"
"hey (groups) when you switched to 'new format' why did you change my privacy settings? chk your googlegroups 'basic access' settings"
"we like having !"
"text me"
"STOOP KID'S AFRAID TO LEAVE (HER) STOOP"
"This fool said rabbits lay eggs!!! Bahahaha 😭😂😭😂. What school u went to?!?"
"how goes it?"
"Jets:Colts game back n forth. didn't expect this. go colts!"
"My sister (who deserves it) graduated college, got a Job and a $1000 a month apartment. I comfortably pay $176 a month w free groceries."
"good thing I haven't picked up a Costco bin of them for the office. So many temptations."
"Are you guys super fans of Echo1USA and me?"
"this they last yr even being a relevant team.. & Kobe need 2 go sit down Jason Kidd old ass havin a better season than him"
"Smart move. RT : #NASCAR will not penalize for his use of Twitter during last night's"
"Alright Ohio Stadium let Penn State know how the country feels about them right now"
"So true."
"add its suppose to be like this much of the week"
"So I think there's an interesting tension between the casual-user-friendly controller mechanics and the non-casual visual mechanics"
"hello everyone hope you all have a great day :)"
"I hate homework so much its not even funny it's like we do work all FUCKING day! Then we get to go home and fucking do hours of shit!imdone"
"oh, and we're closing on our house at 2PM this Friday. just another reason to break out the beer."
"Hahahahaha! Oh god, I'm dying. I could never be that outfront about anything. I admire you for that, kiddo. :P"
"I did! :DD Could you please follow for me then?? He's a super great singer"
"honestly not trying to"
"My daughter (spec. needs) who has been in the hospital for almost 7 months is home. She is writing for therapy and the insight is amazing."
"Whatever happened to Day 26???"
"Our top tweeters this week!"
"I try adding u but I can't wats ur name so I can look u up"
"and I don't wanna do what i do forever but there's no harm in taking pride in your work"
"Happy Birthday to today! Hope to see you and get a hug- have a great day."
"you guys look effen amazing!!!! :)"
"#NeverShouldYouEver date a friends ex its just crossing that line"
"My route roughly parallels Lewis and Clark's. I follow the Missouri River for many many miles."
"Was at worl & missed it! Will watch it on sprint tv 2moro. : I cannot WAIT for Revenge tonight!\""
"He's hated in Wisconsin, specifically among supporters, but Tom Crean has his Indiana Hoosiers ballin' !"
"Woo Hooo! Let's open a bottle of Cristal Brut!!! We won't drink it, we'll just pour it over our heads!! Congrats, sweetheart!"
"The first step in changing your culture is defining the new one with incredible clarity."
"are the ethics of other local coffee shops in question?"
"\": If I talk on the phone with you I have interest in you\""
"Quick! someone help us get another follower, we are on 666. haha"
"your so lucky justin tweeted you!:)"
"School is POINTLESS. English: We speak it. History: They're dead, get over it. Math: We have calculators. Spanish: We have Dora."
"Welcome to Buffalo! RT Just landed in Buffalo.... Feels good this is a great atmosphere."
"Still dreaming about pear & brie salad I had there in Jan RT : English Rose Tea Room Carefree AZ. Best ever."
"Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys💙"
"Istanbul conference back on after dust settles - will be presenting on our work in hybrid interface and artforms"
"is my favorite weather girl!"
"Going to the May 25th game at Target Field, because who doesn't love fireworks?"
"I'm so tired"
"THE BATHROOM!?!?!"
"i've been incognito...but im back!"
"Go Broncos! :)"
"\"I think and think and think, I've thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.\" - Jonathan Saffron Foer"
"With the finishes at the #TXAm qualifier you can say SUgolf is stacked, both figuratively and literally(Keener)."
"Just hired my first employee"
"Sometimes virtual meeting tools don't facilitate online learning, but some things can be done better online--discover those!"
"im checked out"
"\"There is no telling how many miles you will have to run in chasing a dream\" ~Author Unknown : Make today a GREAT one!!"
"Flirting while in a relationship is highly disrespectful, and while it may seem harmless, can be very hurtful to the person that loves you."
"You Fuckin SUCK how can you deny Rachel she obviously blessed so i guess ur jealousy subconciously overcame , u will bejudge"
"I just got back from a difficult visit to the bathroom, where I had no choice but to bellow, \"Jean D'Arc.\""
"Vegas in 3 days let the countdown begin!!"
"thanks. Day off work, sun is shining, and \"cheap\"but expensive beer will be cold... Good day!"
"The Group Travel Leader is doing a State Spotlight on #Iowa in our April issue!"
"OK..let's see what this Sunday on Stars has in store for me..."
"“: Teach me the way of life. Fill me with the joy of your presence - Psalm 16:11 (please retweet).”"
"Back in DC, missing the great State of Texas and all its glory #fb can't believe I missed out on :( :("
"Thanks Steve. Didn't hear him curse though. :)"
"awesome tweets! way to go! Like the pics too"
"What up world? It's such a beautiful day to be in the studio"
"Red Sox pitchers are good at getting batters out of nasty slumps"
"Bob Bain's talk this morning at TAH conference was both inspiring and pragmatic about history teaching. Link to come once it's posted."
"Onto my third show of friends, dvr rocks. I speed right thru the commercials! Can't sleep without friends"
"can't type: time to reexamine the aerodynamics of swine"
"Senior village feasibility study tmrw at St. Stephen’s Church, 25th and Penn 7:30 pm. Going to see how we can implement in mt. Vernon sq!"
"it is absurd that ignored all questions regarding marijuana on his G+ hangout even though they received the most votes."
"have you ever seen cats the musical live?"
"Wooooah such a sunny day today! Sweet"
"Teaching Jen how to tweet :D"
"Im not HAPPY!!! Its Mother day weekend and need 2 Be treated like a Queen..."
"why in the hell my followers keep droppin??"
"Watching a ghost hunters marathon.... f*** yeah"
"A couple freelance meetings and errands today, then design, design, design."
"sounds ghetto"
"two of the best players in the world and they go to Chalmers???? I like LeBron, anyone sticking him is a bad matchup."
"extreme rules?"
"3rd and Lindsley...Thunder is about to roll..."
"If you're interested in some of my business contacts, follow he's doing some great things down in Greensboro, NC"
"I can't wait to read what's new with you!"
"my first class isn't until 2pm... so i have a good while"
"sweet! There are a ton of people who work there that go to #marshill hope you get it!"
"I'm thinking some people get confused with the social website called facebook with TwoFacedBook."
"haha okay we'll get one soon! thinking about subs makes me want subway so effing bad..."
"I need to get back in shape like yesterday .... I think im considered a gernade at this point .. Lets leave it at that....."
"haha I wish! But yeah we're on vacation in California for the week soo hurry and get on a plane! :D"
"Stay warm, go Badgers!"
"♥ i dont believe what happened last night ! im cry and i didn´t stop becouse you are really amazing your words touch my heart ♥"
"I think they spelled Jets wrong."
"has made it passed the first round of #harvard competition."
"well the random arm in the corner is sharp. It is artistic."
"#Weather Forecast for Wednesday Night"
"RUSH is in Pittsburgh! Think Getty Lee will love our wine? We shall see......"
"love the ode to Saint Slater!"
"Sittn thru rehearsal for 'The Odd Couple' My bro travis is vinnie."
"Tomorrow I have a long drive home...but I GO HOME!! <3 <3"
"Congratulations to everyone for putting forth such hard work this past term! Enjoy your break - you earned it!"
"Feeling great after a morning of"
"I'm inside load of fun. Do you know what's going on around Howard and north ave?"
"love my new green lanturn pez"
"good luck tomorrow!!!!!"
"tape everyone together!"
"agree!! Just saw tonight. All awesome but many of the camera angles."
"We are excellent in creating eye catching presentations for your next meeting, school project or business pitch! Reach out to us today!"
"Thanks for the folow!"
"HEARD YOU GOT 2mill #DOWNLOADS TODAY... THATS WUZ UP... #PARTYRIOT #MAY27th here in the #H.. get at me"
"ikno its messes up everything abt a girl"
"Based solely on the series as try are the eastern conference would Be: Florida vs Ottawa and Philadelphia vs Washington"
"follow me hunter"
"7-0 baby! Way to be boys! Tough win!"
"“: “: What a great end to the tour with I love these dudes & the music they make.” // you 2 rule"
"Why do spam profiles follow me?"
"Coworkers playin whitney..Cool"
"lg and I are getting on the road in about 30 min. With a quick stop to drop off puppy :)"
"going to a kids NYE party. Kids will ring in at 6:30. I will be in bed when ball drops. Partying like its 1978!"
"adorable. her hair is getting so long. what are you two up to today? I'm at the Hynes for a sports conference."
"I'm going to miss having movie nights with her."
"Are you taking advantage of the longest day of the year? What do you have on your agenda today? Happy First Day of Summer!"
"silly woman come here let me hold you, have i told you lately, i love you like crazy girl <3"
"She's all alone, something's will never change."
"Stupid hoes is my enemy stupid hoes is so wack stupid hoe shouldnt unfriended me cause she could of probadly came back"
"Sexy Dr.Susan Block talking about sex & anything kinky on my show Wednesday May 4th 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM"
"sleep deprivation. i'm not responsible for those words!"
"I know how you're feeling. I have one leaving the nest this summer."
"don say that man"
"Mom and dad tried to world."
"ooh jealous! dreams of a TJ foodie excursion, I'm tempted to join her"
"ready to skate today <3 and <3"
"Billy Elliot in August!!!"
"Crying because Austin is at his new home. His new home far away from Alex 💔"
"spent time with some incredible students at Booker T Washington High School for the Performing & Visual Arts yesterday."
"Harley Quinn and The Joker are so badass lol"
"glam evening - thanks to great artists and grand piano of Yamaha Artist Services and the elegant Rose Bar! Thank you!"
"President Rick perry? Thanks but no thanks"
"Talk about mixed signals this chick throws. Im getting married, let's makeout, Im naked... repeat."
"I normally get excited for halftime shows but i dont really like this crew... in the playoffs it should ALWAYs be the TNT guys"
"same here wat ya up to"
"I'm ready for great conversation over drinks when you are ... when, if ever, our busy schedules allow. :)"
"Retweet IF YOU SUPPORT HIP HOP"
"Question from the Immigrant Archive Project: What do you recall about your earliest days in the U.S.?"
"great idea, ever considered a career in counseling? my self esteem is through the roof right now (unlike me)"
"why wouldn't jags want Tebow? Switch him n Gabbert every other down. It's a"
"Omg I think ill be in bed at 9 again"
"Lol I hate that it happens."
"Would have been nice to keep Hairston for his D. They gave up too soon on Hardy. He's killing it for the O's."
"Whenever I play 2k my player mode. It make want to go ball and do everything my \"my player\" character does..."
"Not just let them see, but if you need to...apologize to them. They'll never forget that!"
"Encouragement for the Day: Go see the"
"well ok I will stay on for ten more mins ok :)"
"., who's headed to Madison? RT: Welcome back, Badgers! Which alumni traveled the farthest for"
"Heart to heart with love of my life, and the maker of the universe. #iliveforthesemoments <3"
".im glad your feeling better...dm"
"Unfollowin a lot of people..."
"Thank you for sharing this important information for food allergic families!"
"Sign up online or by calling 212.594.9616 now!"
"dunno yet..workin on gettin a new apt"
"Can't believe I'm going to miss the pancakes at KAVO again"
"Yep! I'm MMEd class of 2005. Loved every minute of it!"
"I'm at Appalachian Brewing Company in Harrisburg. Will by a beer for anyone who shows and mentions this tweet :)"
"I will marry, fuck, kill you if you can get me a comedy writing job"
"Should be a drinking game for every time you hear \"recess\" \"is there a 2nd\" \"another bill?\" in the House Approps for SB2"
"Looking forward to it! RT : Thanks for volunteering with us. See you tomorrow night!"
"Ok who knows a magic jeannie? I could use one."
"Training! And done! Saturday boot camp! Was killer. Huge leg focus! Awesome way to start my day!! Make it great!"
"well - I guess meatloaf is going into instant que."
"Bella is every girls first name!"
"Mosquitos keep suiciding in my drinks..."
"God pays, but not weekly wages."
"just wanted to say happy birthday before it's over I hope u had a great one and I heard u were turnin 32 please you look like 25"
"Thanks for following !"
"Just had the best nap EVER, but woke up to some bull shit!"
": #CanIBeHonestWithYou I don't see myself being in a relationship anytime soon. I want my next to be my last"
"Embrace you dreams. And, whatever happens, protect your SOLDIER honor. -Zack Fair"
"HEY IM SIGING OUT TEXT ME!!:) OKAY"
"truly admire my mom for her strength I could never handle being in her position or doing what she does especially during this time"
"RT : \"The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success.\" - Henry Ward Beecher"
"it's only on friday, they changed it today so there's NO open gym tomorrow just on Friday !"
"I am still getting my Twitter feet wet :-) This has been such fun. So much inspiration . . .happy to meet so many!"
"I just DM'd you."
"Thanks for the shout out! The pleasure is ours. Glad to see Little Keswick on Twitter!"
"Today's the last day to submit your photos for the Put Some heART in your Step contest! Email submissions to"
"#EV ers--help! I saw an adoption rate graph from early adopters to mainstream acceptance for new tech in an article but can't find it again."
"AAHHH!! Did you know that is newly single?! I will be your rebound Adam ;)"
"bout to smash then go to the strip club *takes double shot 1800 and lime* fist pumps"
"Happy Thanksgiving!!!"
"49ers or Giants?"
"my reputation. is ruined )': i need someone to vent to </3"
"Ur welcome sweetie"
"Good d there by ajb. Calm beyond his age"
"Oh yeah!"
"Going door to door selling dry cleaning... Wouldnt have guessed!"
"Awesome day"
"She's Not?"
"Congrats to Chris Polk for getting picked up by Philadelphia. Check our timeline for a film about the player you just got, Eagles fans."
"2 PEOPLE SAME HOUSE AND NOBODYS TALKING"
"HAVE to make these FT's and the game will be ours!!! Please!"
"I'm not saying go back to Old School..Im just saying make Good music..Not just beats with Words on Top"
"m 89% humidity before 9am... DEELIGHTFULL!!!!! *locks all doors and windows*"
"Up singing Boats and Hoes. Deadliest catch with out the Crabs lmao"
"I'm done, fuck a hater bitch"
"Am I going to die or..."
"Man, I didnt think Id actually miss school! I miss it already!.. Lol"
"the ethereal-to-furious \"In Memory of Elizabeth Reed\" invited comparisons to John Coltrane and Miles Davis."
"And i lost my job recently but a few days later i got another one! So i already have money saved for la from gambling. Its in my bakpak!"
"then let's email. Twitter sucks for this shizzil"
"WOULD YOU RATHER TWEET ME BACK OR FOLLOW ME? :D"
"Is it still rebelling if I'd kill for her shoe closet? (thanks!) RT : congrats and thanks for rebelling against Carrie Bradshaw"
"“: I'd like to say I love so much right now #stud #toogood #idol” hahaha i love u thomas thanks very much"
"Interesting homeless story pitches"
"Tensions mount in Seattle on brink of May Day protests - KPLU News for Seattle and the Northwest"
"that would be awesome let chat this week about something to kick off the new year"
"Leake is fooling NO ONE."
"No cart at Marquette today. Stupid rain. Although, Direct Supply employees can find us in the break room for lunch like every Wednesday!"
"hahaha!!! Long enough for him to get a towel? :)"
"This evening in 1955, Rosa Parks was arrested for not giving up her seat on the bus because her skin was the wrong color. Thank you Rosa."
"Ah, #omeka enters the fray"
"Snowy in DC. Thankfully it won't last. Getting closer to March every day. C'mon spring!"
"I'm ready for lunch! I brought a bug ass salad and a small bowl of homemade chili ☺ and I've got a bowl paked in the truck"
"I think I just overdosed on garlic. Oops."
"you're welcome. if you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask =)"
"i totally just played creeper and found you on twitter.... is that bad? lol smh at myself =P"
"Peaches doing her take on the Flashdance 80s classic, Maniac! #nowplaying Moullinex feat Peaches - Maniac"
"good point! And I have been looking forward to it for weeks!"
"I love you! :D"
"Well that's good!! :D haha got any cool plans for the summer?? Like any vacations or anything?"
"OK iPhone users - how do I FORWARD a spam text to SPAM"
"My team ROCKS!! Good job WinterHawks. Game one in the win column!!"
"1st we're giving you the best night of your year. Then giving you a great chance to win an iPad2..."
"hahahaha...she must be watchign #Scandal too! Lol Leave us alone!"
"the part of the story you didnt hear, dwade, bosh and lmr marketing bought 3 million jerseys so lbj wouldnt cry"
"I learned that when a magazine quoted me as an expert when I'd had just 2 months on the job. Wow!"
"Glad get back in the game!! Thanks to everyone who supported me"
"I so agree."
"#youcrossedthelinewhen you did that at lunch. just remember karma is a bitch. (;"
"Yeah got back last Wednesday."
"We are open!"
"FAINT qualified - Funds, Authority, Interest, Need, and Time"
"Now that I've watched the pink slime video, I can never drink a strawberry milkshake from McDonald's again."
"and we're super stoked to see you puting DC's public art and cultural sites on the map! welcome to the cultureNOW family!"
"RT : How many badge have you earned at TCC this year? One, two, three or more? Do tell?"
"Heat were +11 after Haslem was subbed out for Shane Battier."
"you're insecure, don't know what for. you turning heads when you walk through the door."
"the only on and off, day long shoot in Boston. Noon-2am with a few breaks in between. Doin' it up"
"Just learned there are apps to remind you to give your dog Heartguard and Frontline each month. Timber and Ridley will be so happy!"
"then I'll forget to put it in"
"your cool."
"I love going to brewsters! #singing <3"
"Pittsburgh Power coach and wide receiver join us today! Pack your helmets!"
"RT : HEALTHY TAKEOUT: Panda Express Mushroom Chicken contains just 220 calories & 13 g fat!"
"If it was, then I would defect."
"thanks for the retweet! Hope you ate having a great week!"
"I love the hustle."
"just watched a trailer that was advertising a movie trailer that will be released this weekend."
"How the world gets information is changing so fast it can be dizzying."
"Thanks man! I appreciate the feedback"
"More like show howto commit errors RT : Next week Eduardo Nunez will be on #YankeesOnDeck. Is he going to teach us how to field?"
"Please tell me you did not tweet that while driving. RT : When ppl pull out in front of you & drive super slow<< 😒😡"
"Why do u refuse 2 rescind a single one of our 9,500 RIFs? Is this some sick attempt 2reconstitute r entire District?"
"kool no problems were there?"
"As much as I will be sad to see depart from NYC, one side effect is going out with a bang. Tonight: Nobu."
"M.... Sleep is good."
"Wats good You guys forgot A.S.A.P Rocky On this year Freshman Cover 2012!"
"We bow down to great #indie music but we also bow down to polka music."
"how can we adapt all our proven methods for tracking learning, so that we can track online learning?"
"At People's assembly st water st about 500 here"
"IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER❤ HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME!<3 I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!"
"My mom and dad and cousins are having dinner tonight. Maybe they'll bring home a doggy bag?"
"thanks, thought so. #sqlrally made me realize ppl didn't know what talk was about"
"Acting class tonight !!"
"She has a pug, I wouldn't be thrilled about a new pug."
"where's Tony Plush?"
"sorry! My laptop was spazzy so i kept pressing the follow button many times. I'll re-follow you :)"
"Black Thunder is Back! For more Late night Craving!"
"thank you :) she is aware of the issue and will try to figure out the solution. She said -social stream- is the place to go"
"We can add any image to your Monster Kart, Bag Toss, 360 Game Pod, and more"
"#ESPN announcers. Really?"
"Nothing beats a great nights rest and a productive day"
"Downloaded twitterfon for my ipod touch to tweet between ncph sessions. Looking forward to tomorrow :-)"
"You have to sacrifice to live"
"#youarethereason God invented earplugs"
"We're might be getting a new President....wonder if the NBA and MLB can get new commissioners?"
"WHERE DO YOU WANT TO MOVE TO?"
"check out the forecast for this week in panama"
"love your voice. who knows. you might be someone's langston someday. plus? \"bless her heart\"? best.phrase.ever."
"shut the hell up no one be knowing wat u be talkin bout and I'm pretty sure no one care"
"In my dream Thanksgiving, we would dress like vikings and eat with our hands on a huge wood plank table. Instead I ate at the kiddie table."
"Who decided that the 3 flavored decorative popcorn tin would only be a holiday thing? Because that person is history's greatest monster."
"Anyway I have both a girl and a boy baby name that I think are safe from trendiness. No, I won't share."
"CBS 58 has team coverage this morning, from the exclusive iCam and in Wauwatosa and west of Milwaukee"
"Very well said!"
"Thanks, love!"
"come on #Sixers you have to win tonight! if not it'll be a very sad night for Philly fans!"
"great video!"
"iaint see nun ."
"Best weekends ever with the #carmelguard. I love you guys <3 <3"
"RT what you gone work on..upper body"
"So Im thinking strawberry and passion fruit smelling massage oil, leather strappy thingy all in one, hooker boots and champagne me&boo leggo"
"love you boothang ! ;)"
"shhh!! not public yet.....the 26th!:)"
"Sorry for the slow response. Been away for a bit. Is your client looking to buy or rent in Belltown (Seattle)?"
"Moving back to Plainfield"
"on set from the models they talk about Molly :s ??"
"stop that! then have a nice holiday!"
"#DontFollowMeOnTwitterIf you are not a positive person. We are all about positivity, creativity, love, and fashion!"
"I need more friend n followers ...... I need 20followers"
"I guess I missed out on me and kellers famous hey tells last night"
"There you go Drew. Use the paint"
"are you in San Diego for Halloweener? What are you going to be? miss you #sister!"
"I had midget dreams"
"\"New lovers are nervous and tender, but smash everything. For the heart is an organ of fire.\" - Almásy (The English Patient, 1996)"
"Roxbury. We sisters."
"Its either hot as bballlls in this school or an ice cube.. for god sakes, can we have a perfect temperature ever in this building?"
"thank you for the follow!"
"May just became one very exciting and busy month."
"Eating at The Malt House!"
"Haha thought you were already playing with #BigCheeShow advisor or we woulda had you out here bro!"
"Congrats!! How did you do? I'm sure awesome. It was definitely a nice morning for that run. Too bad the cherry blossoms were gone."
"kets collab tiff on a film project:)"
"#GiantsMobile Do Something!!!"
"On the 4th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, four smiling front desk associates!"
"thank! We are going to have a tweet screen above the guest book :)"
"No prob! If nothing else we can have the panel discussion on my couch. It comfortably seats three."
"Hate Mondays. Annoy Tuesday. Ignore Wednesday. Smile Thursday. Love Friday. Enjoy Saturday. Damn Sunday!"
"Mid-City CAN's youth group organizing the 1st D9 council debate. At Hoover High on May 23 at 5:30."
"Gooodnigght This Time <3 Don't Let Those Tweets Bite Yall : ) [PAUSEE)) That Sounded Corny -.-"
"Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!! And I was the agent to lots of soap stars"
"SOUPED UP SOUPS! Roasted Pulled Pork Chili, Tomato Bisque, Beer Cheese, Turkey Wild Rice, Chicken Noodle & Veggie Beef Barley!"
"If I could choose any way to destroy the world, I'd delete Google"
"I just gotta hear the #'s on this one. Does KC remember the mighty Overkill? Hope so."
"Thinking about going for a run now"
"Bones and Phil have chemistry (Can't buy it). You and Lopez made #golf fun. Tiger needs a guy like you on #PGA to keep it light."
"Commission meeting is back in session."
"Fascinating >>> : My week on twitter: 5 retweets received, 2 new listings, 125 new followers, 11 mentions"
"Diversity discounts now at Palm Springs Travelodge, Rio Azul Mexican Bar and Grill, Johnny Costa's Ristorante, AND Ontario Mills Mall!!!!"
"Happy Bday to my beautiful daughter :::BIG KISSES:::"
"You probably think hoping tht my mother gets by a car and dies is pretty terrible..in this case its not. It will do us ALL a favor! ☂"
"Waiting @ the Rayburn for a friend and had brief words with a depressed looking Ralph Nader and Omar Vizquel flanked by models."
"Grateful for getting into and sticking with good habits."
"RT : Please introduce yourself and tell us what Chapter you're from!"
"Omw to the airport ."
"mr Chris singleton what's up"
"i would like to thank #Google for helping me with all my high school homework and essays"
"Superfood, , and will be singing with the this Friday at 5pm on Healy steps! Don't miss out!"
"I'll have to check it out! Thanks for telling me=) xoxo"
"I'm the only one who puts major stock into post-game press conferences? Oh, ok.. I can understand that, I suppose."
"wrong. like always."
"ha just in a mood. Long day in the sun plus caff withdrawal and stuffs. Stabby feelings lol"
"Dodgers win THE DODGERS WIN"
"Mostly just smirking."
"Apparently it's this thing that some people actually believe. What's that like?! #ignoranceatit'sfinest"
"Yeah, it doesn't seem very well thought out in that respect. The two LEDs stay on too so it's clear that it's on."
"Ladies did a great job getting the field ready. It's too bad all the hard work didn't allow you to play. Good luck this weekend."
"You're hugging card stock and talking to your bagel."
"I don't get why he has a backpack when he's homeschooled. Jus sayin,"
"dude when you gonna dominate that 3 point contest?"
"There is a serious anatomy lesson happening. Complete with margaritas"
"This looks great, thank you so much for sharing."
"Im single cause these broads minds aint right"
"“: Tip for a #Cancer: Find ways to take care of yourself. You'll be happier if you put yourself first.”"
"For the next 54 minutes swing by Tipsys Liquor World and get the deal shown here: Build your own Mondays!"
"We're looking for #success stories from any of our #networking events. Have one? Tell us about it and you could be featured on our website!"
"Direct your thoughts. Control your emotions. Ordain your destiny."
"Heading to Blaine, Midway and Maplewood for estimates today. DM me for a free, no-obligation, estimate to clean your windows."
"the wrong person went home on #dwts. It's a popularity contest. Gladys has a pretty big fan base. Should vote on best dancers"
"Celebrating Russian National Unity Day.. in Russia.. for 4 days.. I HAVEN'T FINISHED CELEBRATING MY BIRTHDAY HALLOWEEN YET!!! :-)"
"We are thrilled to have , and join us as National Co-Hosts for the 14th Annual TandI Summit!"
"omg! He was at my house today :)"
"the Boyz never fail to make me smile. i love that."
"I didn't know there was such a day. Cool! And Happy Childfree Day to you, too! :-)"
"Shout out at the burgess mtg from pres campbell to the \"very young man\" spearheading social media- go you, whoever u r!"
"What up boy u good"
"yea i was waiting the other weekend too man cause i thought we shooting some videos"
"well im just telling you the truth!"
"oh uh also and most important. Come to trivia tonight to bask in the glow of my wit and charm. Yeah. You wanna."
"RT Last weekend to experience the Volvo Ocean Race Miami Downtown Village, it's definitely worth checking out!"
"Had a bob fire at some friends house. Was fun. Great night for it"
"Don't forget about the Bridal Show here on Oct. 2, 2011."
"that would be an epic mistake."
"Friday I am speaking at TVCS chapel...should be back before dinner."
"Thank you, Universe, for working out so, so well today."
"somebody make those boys pull their britches up"
"Dmg is a HUGE loss center. Rental cos often back down from small clms because cost of fighting>reward."
"haha! Good! Cause.... Hitting people is mean. And clarissa isn't mean anymore :)"
"Bought my tickets to see & on July 4th!!"
"Nothing I'm Fine ! Listening To Non-Stop ."
"Excited to get back out there vending! Brrrrr....I feel warmth should be back next week?! I will announce Juiced! Relaunch soon!"
"awwh & babygap have such cute jeans. I lived how they looked on madison. Jacob is already 12lbs."
"Somehow I'm back to visiting Oscars at least once a week. Best time travel ever."
"Never leave home without your bikini."
"Yeap! Right on! :)"
"#Imagine u're in Austin first music video and he fall in love with you just then way Justin fell in love with jasmine ! : ) ♥"
"I'll get you attatched and then i'll drop you . See how it feels, bitch ."
"Final leg of the journey w/ & - just saw a girl barf on the freeway."
"Big game vs the orioles right now. Dont see them again until the end of July"
"Most children threaten at times to run away from home"
"thx and back at ya"
"Time for relax!!"
"Exactly. The Crazies."
"I know I need to be sleep smh lol"
"When you show love, show 1 Corinthians 13:7 kind of love. You'll be doing everything for someone else's benefit, not just yours."
"#mdayton will address the media in the reception room 15 minutes after the #mnleg vote on the #vikings bill."
"I haven't attended company sexual harassment training yet, so I have no idea what any of you are talking about"
"Has anyone on twitter ever thought about owning there own fitness business!"
"not you..."
"you're welcome<3 can you follow me back? :*"
"I got hit on by two men and one lady."
"Its a great day to be a musician!"
"lol. Me too."
"Members Card Nationals ML -120 (20 units)"
"I love you. Hella funny!"
"Looks like we have two hashtags going #arld11 and #arld2011...do folks have a preference for tomorrow? Suppose to be highs in the 60s..."
"nice! i havent had that one"
"why did u get banned?"
"Insomnia > Sleep... bed time now"
"Philly is in Pennsylvania, Ozzfest is in Camden New Jersey."
"Tonight will be in charge of the madness"
"Baking banana bread and reading Wired."
"just made the net erupt w/ the & BM tell-all interview."
"You should let everyone know that they sholud visit us at ACen in booth 1409. :)"
"Just another day in north."
"in need of silence."
"Hansel, he's so hot right now!"
"#wcphilly #day2 About to get started here at the Philadelphia Center for Architecture for WordCamp Philly Dev Day."
"Wth...I kinda like candy mafia"
"#thatawkwardmoment when you're #winning and the one who thought they were is"
"Spoelstra is a good coach...but if pat riley was coachin we wouldnt loose games like these"
"I said it last week, the Pacers frontline will dominate the Heat frontline."
"I was just evacuated off a bus for a coffee spill. I am not kidding."
"Attempting to check emails from the last week. Blah"
"In 1970s, fire dept responded to Exxon's lithium battery lab so often they threatened to make Exxon pay for extinguishing chemicals"
"Thanks, guys, for the RT! My BFF just closed another one on Friday...who hooo!"
"The panhandler at the corner of northern and falls is wearing a teletubbie (spelling?) costume:-)"
"“Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong.”"
"bout to go eat sum of my cake n ice-cream"
"@ the closing event for the BSG exhibit @ the EMP (which rocks btw) Too fun! Surrounded by sf peeps! :) Panel Q&A starts soon"
"We have only had to say this once, \"Sir, I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave.\""
"glad we are sharing our beautiful weather with you this weekend. Enjoy!"
"It's almost impossible that the puck didn't go in there."
"Hi! I recently listened to your series of podcasts on iTunes, are there plans to produce future episodes?"
"New cider will be available next week. Please email Jonathan through the website to reserve your case."
"Hoppy Easter every bunny!!"
"that's because big money corporations do not care about people. They are only concerned with shareholders and stock prices."
"Day 4 of at today includes the first time we are showing a trilogy."
"Gee these old guys came to play. #GoGreen or"
"Thanks for the tweet!"
"-right now"
"i know and it sucks! lol"
"it's going to be a bad year for bugs of all kinds. no deep freeze => ++bugs."
"Shout Out To Ya !!!"
"Bestfriends has 11 letters, but so does Backstabber."
"I am not heartened that Sloss Furnaces, an Industrial Epic took eight years to write."
"I had my earphones in the whole time to make it seem like I wasn't listening."
"Only that it is really good.I think they did outstanding job finding southern hemisphere equivs"
"Follow us and retweet this! #HELP!"
"I think I may need a haircut."
"If I say thank you, its nice to say \"you're welcome\". . . Even if you're a teacher. -__-"
"That was some ugly winning. But congrats to Roger!"
"Happy B-Day"
"First time in court with a client. Channeling my inner"
"Yes, we're still working on it, have just had limited time to finish it up and push a release. Any help is appreciated"
"As soon as my hair is dry I'm going to bed. I need to get over this sinus infection before tomorrow."
"I LOVE MY SUPER PROFILE!"
"Lies told by this black girl. RT : I'm not going out for a long time I have partied my life away like really !"
"have you been to Wrigley? That's fun."
"I don't know when it will air, but it's a story about federal work-study grants and I ramble about my two jobs. Nerdy I know"
"The New Year spent in Costa Rica was enjoyable. Highly recommend the San Jose Hotel & Resorts."
"Thought McCain said Romney should chose Palin. Did he mean \"lose\"?"
"#FF our intrepid producer is finally out of the shadows, on Twitter! what are we gonna do with him?"
"Your girlfriend is cheating on you."
"i am a hunter just waiting for sat morning"
"The Complete Arch. of Alder & Sullivan should keep you busy over the holidays! Thanks for the kind words on our benefit!"
"I like listening in on chef interviews."
"the best revenge is a Super Bowl win & that wont happen w/ TEN"
"i need that green leaf ASAP"
"thank god there's a good reason!"
"Can you make introduction to ? Seski need date to the state ball on Feb. 14."
"How many more do you need to meet your goal for Christmas?"
"Thank You"
"Hey everybody, come see how good I look. :)"
"#FailWhale for regular twitter is annoying, but #FailWhale for will kill their business model."
"love me some joe johnson...played hoops for my hogs. Wish we could have kept him longer. Lol"
"Guess who's got a new album coming out this year????!!! (:"
"should have started That tweet off with SPOILER ALERT...JEEEZZZZZZZ"
"is your team registered yet?! Spots are getting to be limited!!"
"If you don't like listening to them get the fuck off lau 2."
"- need your expertise, new start-up, tried Skyping you off your site, email me to get the ball rolling"
"I have a few weeks FREE to do whatever my heart desires in #NOLA. Ah so many things I haven't done, foods I haven't eaten...!"
"Happy mothers day. :)"
"deserves a round of laughs and applause. Always has something positive to say"
"I'll never get over how often you put me last when I can't put you anywhere but first."
"Hell of a round today mate!! Congrats!! RT : Thanks to all my tweeter Friends for the support!!"
"Glad I got NFL Sunday Ticket while I wait for the Saints to come on at 3pm."
"We ordered a chicken salad sandwich and an egg salad sandwich. We wonder which will come first."
"Information overload is costing me $10,215 to $14,301 per year"
"Will take as a compliment :) RT : You have my goid friend and his firm mixed up with ours"
"The beauty of empowering others is that your own power is not diminished in the process. Barbara Coloroso"
"I wish I had time to include the SUV part, the girl with the umbrella, and the guy yelling at us from the second-story window"
"no, just their baggy boxers."
"just sayin. You only gotta wait 6 more days and you can have another one!"
"Just drove by a red Audi w the license plate #volturi....lololol #twilight ppl"
"Reason enough to attend Conference in Kansas City: Policy Director 's health reform analysis."
"i was walking home down the hill and he drove down and stopped and asked me what cosine(a+b) I literally just stared at him"
"hollow da don"
"also please let us know how we can be a positive asset/attraction to north park!"
"i'll msg ya on fb."
"I don't even know the mission/vision at my site, it's far too complicated"
"Thank you, sugar face! Life is good. :)"
"just had blue moon barbeque amazing(:"
"Trying To Get Spring Break Fine....... Lmao Imma Get There"
"Look out for new items on the site in the AM !"
"Wow #Memphis how did you do that?"
"Sometimes the Silk browser on the Kindle Fire thinks there's no such thing as the Facebook timeline."
"Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest. – Mark Twain"
"thank God it's interesting"
"Family is here"
"tomorrow I'm ma fail the class I'm so sorry I really am"
"i miss you...a lot."
"thank's for follow me ;)"
"“: We're too young for relationships. Where are the friends with benefits at? :-)”"
"Paul Robbins up now, arguing for #atxcouncil to redirect profit from sale of Green plant to water utility; offset bills"
"*gets magic stick* poof!! You're breakfast"
"Unplug from the social media mothership for a few days. Trust me, you'll be fine."
"“: Why waste your time you know you gonna be mine, you know you gonna be mine.”"
"Yes, I dance in my car. Yes, I see you staring at me. No, I do not care."
"If gotta settle for a piece of you then I gotta say ✌ to you"
"Aw. Why not come out to Cali for HempCon in April and I can treat you to some! No booth, just attending :)"
"Will Ferrell can make any one laugh without even trying"
"how can I help?"
"why haven't the NIck Parents' Pick winners been announced? i'm dying here..."
"Thank you for getting the word out there about the Fazzino RIDE!"
"Remember, society considered women as all liberal radicals. "
"That woulda been fun! But we're just smiling, answering many questions, welcoming people, and eating free food."
"I miss you.... A lot"
"Fonts HD will sell royalty-free text graphics and logos. Will be very affordable and in most cases... FREE shipping!"
"Overdue but sincere thanks for the RTs, everyone."
"I'm in Dallas now"
"Real eyes , real lies , realize ."
"Thanks!! :) We appreciate the follow too!!"
"\"Networking is being who you are. Be friendly, be nice, & people will want to help you,\" says"
"Always wanted to get into hockey. And now I can proudly say my roommate has made me a Pittsburgh Penguins fan."
"Everytime I see a horrible driver, I wonder how they ever made it out of the birth canal."
"Make sure to check out PPI's on ESPN tonight @ 10pm Eastern and follow his live tweets"
"Todays MVP for the Falcons should be Roddy White. Great job knocking the ball lose in the 4th quarter."
"Shutter Island is like the best thing ever!"
"Got my glasses fixed !!! #YEE !"
"Just saw #RNC chief Reince #Priebus on #MeetThePress rerun, and not sure how he defines \"civil rights.\""
"Thanks for following ..nice article on 4 ways to maximize the new #Facebook timeline"
"\": but people are such assholes im so tired of it:/\" i know but lifes to short to let assholes still your joy"
"thanks to you!"
"joined on cyber monday. This past week has been great! IF you don't know who these girls are, you absolutely need to."
"you know, i like it everywhere. only had old stuff once ever...."
"Ready to get in honey creek for apes! Haha mcadams is rockin the waterproof shoes"
"I'm really happy that you check into every place you go, so I know where not to go"
"ok boo"
"I speak as a Massachusrtts person too."
"Following jakewolf on instagram is about as close as i will ever get. Hes absolutely AMAZING."
"NBC cameras tell me, that's not a goal. F*K"
"Passed electric and plumbing inspection today so kitchen is officially signed off. Still needs some finish work but that will come."
"I've been away from Twitter for a few days. What's up? Are the Republicans still crazy?"
"Lol! That's ok, accidents do happen :)"
"#LOITERSQUAD BEST SHOW SINCE EVER."
"Working on resuming the digital libraries and technology conversation. E-verything goes digital content."
"lol... Yeah you guys did get killed last night."
"Go follow cause he makes me smile <3"
"sexless patients, local loser, you, someone"
"I finished my song last night!!! =]"
"Today's musical and cultural discovery: Selda Bagcan, a 1970s female Turkish psych-folk-rocker and activist (nod to WFMU's Scott Williams)"
"\": Put that project your working on in your resume now. Mentally finish it. Make it awesome. And do everything to get it there.\""
"Aww, you're always there, darlin. <3 <4, etc. I'm leaving town for a much-needed break till Sat the 20th. Then it's PACK/SELL TIME"
"Only One Table Available at 9pm for Valentine's Day. Call us at 7732767110 to reserve the final table."
"All i want is sum money"
"ok gosh chill!"
"Better now than during the season, right?"
"Would like to see Seager to SS and LIdi to 3b. Can always def replace later in the game?"
"In the words of Gary Nevile, o unbelievable!!!!!!!"
"Getting ready for Tolo! Should be really fun! Going to Olive Garden first!"
"Wow can't believe Phoenix is on the brink of eliminating Nashville! Really don't want to see the NHL owned Coyotes go any farther..."
"Tell yo friends about me."
"Shallow hall is on. Love this movie!!!"
"We could save Hollywood! Like bringing back young Mel Gibson before he went crazy."
"lol not yet"
"welcoming all friends"
"Care for some tapas, cocktails and picadas? Search no more! Happy hour is about to start! Enjoy them all for $5 from 5pm to 8pm!"
"best pick up line EVER!!! lmao"
"Well, ya got me. I'm on twitter now. Sheesh."
"Katey!!!! Thank you. Can't wait to see ya soon :)"
"Its never too late to forgive someone"
"Good luck to both of them! Next Cane in..."
"Happy Birthday to me!!!!!! :D"
"Shout Out 2"
"\": What is meant for you will be yours. It’s only a matter of time. #TLS\""
"We're thrilled to celebrate our 5th anniversary of the food tours w/ the food trucks today - stop on by!"
"I like that no one ever drops out or quits anymore. They only \"suspend their campaign\""
"Monitoring on Twitter so I know when I can finally get a popcorn treat in Farragut. Popcorn = my kryptonite. Can't resist."
"Left you a vmail. need to talk immediately."
"lol Awww that's a cute thought."
"Gurrl,look at that body,I WORK OUT!"
"2009 Spellbound Petite Sirah $11. Great cherry flavor, color nice medium red, coats tongue softly but not much finish. Ribeye & asparagus."
"watching the russian rolletes vs. maiden milwaukee! Oiy!"
"grrr, it's not combining them!"
"Life's Bitch, But Be A Pimp <3"
"how bout them Irish!"
"Dahlia Woods Gallery Opening, Friday May 22 6-8PM ft. Inki Min & sculptures by Will Johnson, 600 Cantegral Street, Dallas"
"needs to change her voicemail...and twitter profile! :)"
"Ever seen \"Her Morning Elegance\" by Oren Lavie? One of my personal favorite music videos!"
"SOTU:People want banks to pay a fee if they can pay big bonuses."
"The Old Fashioned House Burger (No. 30) is cooked over a live fire and topped with hickory smoked bacon and a fresh egg...enough said"
"Laundry is like the 1960s UCLA teams, unbeatable"
"My mom just witnessed a princeton nerf wars attack"
"Hahaha nice! They're very nice over there. Plus you're keeping them employed by ordering work. That's my justification."
"Hopefully going to see the final version of my film The Silver Key this morning. It's been a long time coming! Soo excited it's almost done!"
"thanks for your 2 cents today about exposure vs payment. It was worth far more. :-)"
"People stepping on the back of your shoes<"
"What teen victims of alleged #eastcoastrapist did to get help during attack. Details in minutes on ABC7NEWS at 5pm."
"walking up the street feeling like the sun is stalking me"
"in all actuallity i want to say spank you to all my followers, you really spanked me hard baby, oh wait i got carried away. O_o"
"I think the other videos are where you go to find answers to Schism."
"where's mine? lol"
"can i get a follow back please :-)"
"website was still hanging in there until about 30 minutes ago."
"I don't understand how girls can be so stupid to have babies with losers who arent your boyfriend"
"Later, a robotic version of his childhood dog, graphically destroyed his father's co-workers. Creepy."
"Get on my GUESTLIST for free entry by sending full names to 202-200-7627"
"so funny how you are now a country fan. I still cannot believe your conversion haha."
"Bad day is bad."
"The struggle is real."
"Spring is certainly on it's way. Awoke to the abrupt sound of what must be 10 robins outside my window. #really?"
"OK, I would've laughed. IDK why you'd ask that question at work anyway. I guess anything that connotes race can be construed +"
"How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?"
"is Jackson quad reason to worry? If so, do I grab Cadillac or Norwood?"
"wish I was there too :( you will have to let me know how everyone does"
"how do u crackle polish ur nails? Cuz thats so cute!! :)"
"Josh Hamilton, tonight: 4 HRs in 5 ABs. All Mets, Giants and Padres hitters, combined, month of May: 3 HRs in 641 ABs."
"God bless the day came to the"
"Sorry I haven't replied sooner. Thanks for the kind words. I love doing the show!"
"We surely perish for the lack of knowledge..."
"Well thankyou! - but reaLly, the silence is essential for you to pull all your feelings in and settle within yuorself the beauty of your ..."
"I wanted to say hello to all my new friends and followers ! I hope you are having a spectacular Tuesday !"
"all that counts is here n now"
"#thatawkwardmoment when u retweet someone's tweet and u didn't mean too and you realize a day later....nicccceee"
"No... my 4 year old understands football better than this guy & his staff or lack there of..."
"am I the only one who thinks its absolutely bizarre when people make Facebooks for their pets???"
"ah, no :P no he estudiado :S NADA D: mi mama no esta wee"
"As mysterious and laid back as scorpios are, I find myself a lil bit different from the bunch...."
"My new seller is doing all the repairs before listing. It'd be nice if the wind would stop blowing 1/2 acre of leaves around though!"
"Thank you, Shoe Fairy! RT : That's a lot of boxes! Let us know if you need any labels or help!"
"\": The bumps are badges of honor. Every athlete hits a few bumps in the road..staying strong to come back strong!\""
"Woohoo! RT : Do u know we r over 9,000 adoptions for the year?! Check out who went home this wknd on our recently adopted page."
"Trivia for today: Where does our motto \"e pluribus unum\" come from? The answer is surprising!"
"Loueing this weather flow ~"
"Psalm 34:18 18 The LORD is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit."
"Come visit TRAK Records and Library in booth 100 at ARMA's 56th Annual Conference!"
"It's an amazing beautiful thing the power of fam!!! B blessed.n believe iit!!"
"Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 8"
"can you follow me back please? :)"
"#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, been supporting since 1 time! now to get noticed follow?X42"
"The essence of being human is being able to direct your own life. – Stephen R. Covey"
"Don't be jealous"
"Nation mourns 22,867 fallen soldiers as siren sounds"
"U made producers cry then stand & cheer 2nite w/ that piece! Bravo 2 U & Jared. cc:"
"Have faith that things will work out, maybe not how you planned, but just how it's meant to be."
"The cleverness of original tweet is that it was made at 8:04 AM #ifyouhavetoexplainajoke... RT : RT :"
"Thank you! *does happy dance*"
"That was an odd ending to the game in Philly. But I love the outcome - win 5th straight!"
"Don't pay a single penny for #SEO until we have achieved results for you. We are now accepting performance based payments. Please Retweet"
"has a new design! Go check it out!"
"Congrats to Equality Florida on great Orlando gala raising $100,000! Central Floroda supports equality!"
"can't wait for the donkey booty workout video...."
"thank you for the #FF, John"
"Seems like an interesting place to concur with a first century scientific view is all. The article is correct."
"This bitch talking to her damn self lol"
"Show tonight with The Shotskis Jam Bands..8-12 in Winter Springs. Everyone come out if you're in the area!"
"I celebrate his birthday everyday."
"Over the Line weekend in San Diego!"
"Why is nobody doing ntn on a Friday night?"
"Favorite cafe's wifi was down. Upside: more mindful eating of their chocolate ganache cake, \"Delights of the Naked Stranger\"."
"Good morning Fitness World. today is the beginning of the rest of your life, make that lifestyle change to BE HEALTHY.. Loving Monday"
"Cheers to the freakin' weekend."
"Payola for the Most Profitable Corporations in History « Bill Totten&#39;s ..."
"#Aztecs will tip off vs Temple at 3:10pm on Saturday. Game will be on TNT."
"So you REALLY think that historically and unsustainably high debt levels will \"renew\" America?? Seriously?"
"I'm at my uncle's house and the lighting is really shitty :("
"Adding to my list of new books to buy. Any must-haves?"
"It's c-c-cold in Chicago. Locals are bundled in coats. I only b-b-brought a light rain j-j-jacket."
"When I do, I will definitely let you know. Until then, I'll toast and butter up a thick slice of... hope."
"test it up do tired cent even spell #Tearitup lol.."
"that's good. How come your loosing friends.?"
"Now on FoxMovie Channel. Classic horror \"The Faculty\". Stars Jon Stewart."
"Kobe is so hot"
"Find your dream home! www.everetthomesnw.com"
"Day 3 at #nntc11 winding down. No-Till Innovators, comedian Drew Hastings on deck for Friday night banquet. Ready to relax."
"Yes, this is the most relaxing song ever created. #re:stacks"
"Work is over and now it's time to start playing some poker on Full-Tilt"
"Robertson's wonderful to have. But \"replace Rivera.\" No one can, of course. What a horrible morning for baseball."
"Happy Hour at Starbucks >>>"
"And the Madness begins! One of my favorite seasons :)"
"Well spent the whole day with one amazing boyfriend(: can't wait till next week to do it all over again!<3"
"I found one too, it's called velcro. You can get it at your local craft shop for $2. :)"
"It's National #SalvationArmy Week! You're helping save lives by shopping at your local family thrift store. Good items at great deals!"
"ComedyChicago ~ He Gained Nearly 2 Inches"
"here we go again. No love for music."
"I started lying about my age this year to people I don 't like. I'm not sure why."
"RT : the time has come, the walrus said. #femlead chat on scaffolding leadership opportunities for grad students starts now!"
"fuck you. Fuck this friendship we have too!!"
"(Byrannnnnnnnn) lol now im off to bed"
"our highschool football team sucks! they're playin right not and guess who's winning!?!? NOT US!"
"Scallops -- parsley root / sea beans/ lemon / crispy horseradish / sturgeon roe"
"Thank u for tweeting about TeachingBooks!"
"Best way to learn ;)"
"cars 2 is excellent"
"Visit Arizona SpaGirls to get the latest in AZ spa specials, including our hibiscus facail. Thanks, Lisa!"
"Woah there A-Rod having breathing problems 2nd base. He finally ran !"
"Happy Birthday !!!!! From Coastal Advisors,LLC. Big Daddy"
"Also sat by ?uestlove and Fab Five Freddy, since last night; YES!"
"Up early, sitting on the couch, tweeting and shit."
"Train well. Eat well. Ride fast! Your cycling should be a joy, in whatever way you define it. Whether it's winning the sprint at a race..."
"good moving advice! RT : If you hire movers, get several quotes, and then confirm a moving date."
"Nancy Dell&#39;Olio &#39;never takes off her make-up even when she sleeps&#39;"
"Tomorrow's 80 degree forecast is putting some really unnecessary pressure on happy hour and outfit planning"
"I feel like that's something Kanye would wear if he went on a boat trip. :) Love the neon colors!"
"Congrats on the new job! It's a good-news kind of day. :)"
"True statement For Sure"
"SAY SOMETHIN!!! PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLAY IT AGAIN...AND AGAIN...AND FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE...AND AFTER THAT TOO!"
"Now it's time to....... SLEEEEEEEPPPP"
"As long as the movie avoids the book's lagging portions, I'm in! Kostova has a book (The Swan Thieves) coming out in Jan., too."
"can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!38"
"Alright. No more tweets until Tuesday. Shutting down for communicationshutdown.org"
"Nice post. Firing readers can mean firing up your niche, too."
"Just gotta stay positive."
"state and grand :) by the Mastro's !"
"Join us for the #WGBiz chat with This month's topic \"The Myth of the Personal Brand\""
"Apologies to all my Aussie tweeps. Promise--no more spoilers. RT No Walking Dead spoilers pls! We're a little behind u in Oz"
"NOW FOLLOWING FOLLOW BACK : )"
"I'm not striking because I love my job. Sorry everyone."
"its gunn humid outside"
"Happy Mother's Day to you too...enjoy your day!"
"\"Johnny Depp wears a hat and the sets look like they were made from Skittles then left in the rain!\" - Every Tim Burton pitch since 2005"
"Aloha Weekend Time .. Yay .. Sunshine & fun 8-)"
"Don't know: lede an old newspaper term for \"lead\" (from lead type I think). Rere, I'm not so sure about."
"fun time presenting on ebooks for #lib2011 this am! thanks to those who attended... esp all those from England!"
"In to work 6 hours early. 9 espressos and a PB and J means I should get some laundry and reading done, if you know what I mean."
"Omw:( so sad... Listening to #BOYFRIEND wish i had some1 to sing me that:("
"Going out for a run at Astoria park if anyone's interested. I'm not that great and don't have much stamina, but hey — exercise i... (FB)"
"tell me if you need anything and ill be here, he is lame and everyone knows. he wants attention and he finna get whooped"
"leave. Me. Alone. It was actually a general statement, don't flatter yourself."
"Work topic of the day: cock rings :)"
"Playing doctor: no where near as fun as makes it sound"
"i hope it'll be there by then. pub date is 3/15. thanks!"
"you around?"
"One week till the 2012 NEO Spring Avant-Garde Art & Craft Show! We're so excited to see everyone and meet all the shoppers! Counting down!"
"we have 2 baseball practices starting tonight. One at 5, one at 6. Think they will be cancelled ?"
"Dont Waste Yo Time Coming To Our Party If You Just Gonna Stand Around !"
"Neither program is great, but my guess is WVU would much rather have Strong right now. See scoreboard 2012."
"you betcha. i did an espn league a few years ago. usually starts in late summer when EPL season kicks off."
"You sandbagin' son of a bitch! You old sailor you..."
"Golf PGA Tour • Japanese Ryo Ishikawa playing the Farmers Insurance Open for the first time January 23-29, 2012 La Jolla, CA"
"billions of people hate that damn sealed plastic packaging and yet... there are still there in your neighborhood store :)"
"Resident Evil's too scary for me. I've played Skyrim. And I don't really like the FF series... They kinda bore me."
"lol just hit me"
"Reminds me of Nancy Sinatra. (Not necessarily a good thing, but still... ...)"
"Lol yup it's def a blessing! RT : nice"
"I put, everything by the door My family lay down for the night My children were scared and were crying So I told them I'd leave on the light"
"Well guess I'm in for the night"
"thanks for stopping in, we love having you guys!"
"Power lunch from ! Fish tacos, #GF popovers, chopped salad and a brownie."
"problem is that Hip Hop fails to inform us that some people r artists and others just entertain. Let's keep it real!"
"hey @ JustinBfantasy mentioned something?"
"Lol this nigga just put his nut on this nigga face/neck"
"what are you doing after tonight"
"Time for my workout/run. Feeling great!"
"If reporters are going use twitter for work then they shouldn't for personal rants."
"i met someone who has never seen seinfeld or friends!!! How is that possible?"
"This song is music to my ears"
"I should really just rename my job \"The papercut chronicles\""
"yes ima sleep now haha night"
"“: Happy monday my twitter lovers!” morning! :D"
"Studying music videos , blogs, webisodes ... Listening to beats! Never been so focused in my life..."
"Honestly i cant wait to go to the air force"
"My friend Natalie at Ulta made me AND my man look awesome rockin' new hair. Plus she's funny as hell. Will share her deets if ur nice."
"Did you know that writing guru is now on Twitter? Here's to taking it Bird by Bird, and tweet by tweet!"
"Or no one shout me out... that's cool to"
"I agree. Tried it earlier this week at Indiana State Fair. Krispy Kreme, good. Cheeseburger, good. Combined, eh."
"#peopleiveseenlive red hot chili peppers baby!"
"That makes me hopeful! He's in Montessori like yours--since 18mo. I put him in another school 2mo ago but going back next month."
"i'm on 's profile rite now... biting my nails cuz i cant wait to see who made the final 3 in the BG contest ( hope it's me!!)"
"good luck! drink plenty of coffee!"
"Playing basketball at LA fitness"
"oh i used too live in spring . ."
"totally just failed at tweeting you so i'll try again... OMG DID YOU REALLY JUST WATCH NEW GIRL?! Glee was amazing, btw."
"I noticed you're wearing pants, cool."
"got through to the courthouse to ask my question (don't worry, not about my bail) now more important things. like reordering netflix queue."
"heard u had a real good yr out there at kish.. congrats"
"Hey, , fuck Christina: Jermaine KILLED it. Now tell him to smile more."
"In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed."
"My acting peeps? Follow & this woman knows the business of show business inside and out! And maybe ninjas!"
"Large Pirate Beach Party Balls Great for Parties! | the beach toys"
"you might need a dog. they create their own issues, but crumbs will not be left on your floor."
"Does anyone own an inkjet printer that I can use tonight?"
"You're welcome That's great to hear! Have a great day!"
"movie, The Town, forces u 2 watch 15 min preview. Super annoying."
"#5BestSmells New Car smell, chocolate chip cookies in the oven, anything on the grill, laundry, and A&F Fierce for men :)"
"Thanks for a great event!"
"- thats burger madness!"
"Just a dash of cinnamon to almost anything..."
"Wow i feel like a retard looking at this math homework."
"lol I'm just grinding through, were you the three-character team? No one plays more than 2, and I saw a lot of 1 teams."
"Thanks for the RT! What's new in NY these days? Haven' been up there in a month or so."
"Thanks for the"
"Frozen custard what."
"I think Kareem might of gotten away with one there. We'll take it."
"Hopefully soon!"
"Tip: Spraying so much perfume in your apt that it burns a passerby's eyes is just as suspicious as the entire hallway smelling like pot."
"UNDECIDED WHAT TO COOK FOR DINNER TONIGHT. LOVE TO COOK! ANY SUGGESTIONS?, DM ME."
"aight he going hit chu up when he out there"
"'The Voice' Keeps Up Super Bowl Momentum; 'Smash' Results Are Mixed"
"#Random: It's official. Next year I'm going general. I'm done."
"I love a 15 yr old guy from Texas who goes on ustream every friday & cheers everyone up! His name is"
"Haha figured miss u too thou!"
"Ima get some door speakers and a in dash screen"
"hahaha I love you!"
"Memory contestants use story to win, per Joshua Foer. So it should be no surprise that story is what makes a #TED talk memorable."
"probably is. He picked that one. Big fan."
"Bad ass workout earlier."
"yes, but I think the sender meant it as a ploy, which obviously back-fired at least for one recipient!"
"Happy Birthday JB. I want your babies."
"How is it you only have 532 followers? That's a travesty! Hope your ego holds up!"
"I'm not a fan of keeping jobs around, just to keep people employed. Otherwise, we would still have lamp lighters"
"lol okay good!"
"well where ever you live have a safe night and enjoy the newyears with your friends and familiy"
"don't. Barron is a box sfty that struggles in coverage. Rather have Brockers."
"1 big room full of singing eponines"
"Rihanna’s Dad Ronald Fenty Approves of Chris Brown: “He’s a nice guy…”"
"So nice outside. Makes me want to not do any work and go lay out side.... in a perfect world..."
"SATURDAY Small Tempest, The Light Clear Conscience, Thin of the Meadow, Hills Like Hemingway $14"
"Thanks for the fun event. Great to watch do a live interview. Looking forward to next one."
"David Ruffin Looked Like Dennis Rodman......"
"She's throwing up :/"
"aw man! I havent been there in months! Its always so packed!"
"See Harden be pullin that ole #Tricky get under ya skin type stuff."
"Example 1: the gluttony of thanksgiving a holiday founded on the principle lie that the victor cares for those he slaughtered on the way up"
"I'm really excited to see your goodies! :)"
"Happy B-Day to Bob Rondeau! A classy professional who continues the Seattle tradition of award winning sports broadcasting with every call."
"Thanks for the follow! I look forward to your tweets as well! thanks again!"
"ha, ironically, this little 36 min concept mix has all 3 of them on here. I have 2 more mixes that should be done asap."
"I like to consider myself a one-man wolfpack"
"love it!"
"Remember, b4 driving buzzed, that jail is cold, lonely, and the food stinks. #don'tgetarrested."
"Elway can do no wrong."
"you definitely qualify.... thanks for the info! what did you take?"
"\"Wait on the Lord: be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart: wait, I say, on the Lord.\" -Psalm 27:14"
"Delicious tacos next to terrible tunes. So the balance at #SXSW is maintained."
"All pervasive! Interesting. I have some ideas for next steps. So sorry I can't come by your #PAS2012 poster. cc"
"you should write more articles about the Packers."
"Long Island, New York Loves You!!"
"I don't hate this crowd but I DO hope they all get ass cancer."
"Happy National Library Week!!!! Let's get this party started!"
"Everyone is in NY this weekend for bamboozle & I wont be there for the first time in years! I'm actually sad! Someone book me a ticket!"
"true dat! have a fabulous monday...if there is such a thing!"
"Im still #Salty about Austy moving:,("
"We have 2 pairs of tix for tmrw's super sold out Club show; top 2 haikus wins you +1 on guestlist. Deadline 5pm tonight! xo"
"Even the Pittsburgh transplants here don't even care about the Pirates, lol!"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY CAKES!! ENJOY UR DAY!!!!"
"Hahaha I don't like you."
"RT : Guys what happened to ?"
"just setup this morning"
"Dont see too many pucks go through the net!"
"Good Ones"
"I am currently in an intermission. I will return to regularly scheduled tweeting, shortly. Until then, go get better!"
"Leaving new orleans tomorrow, then moving to Vegas ASAP I'm thinking with in a month, fuck Austin."
"use your boobs and use men :)"
"My google reader count has surpassed 700...I'm thinking the only way out now is to just hit \"mark all as read\"..."
"That's awesome! We put out a release - the momentum in this state is incredible!!"
"Plan school not school planning"
"I am feeling good about 2012! We are going to make a new record! YAY :)"
"thanks for your help! find us on facebook and help spread the word =) we could use a good street team <3"
"wearing pajama pants during the day tells me that you neglected to use a wash rag and soap before leaving the house"
"RT I like chrome.. i don't like that little icon they made for it though ( Agree! )"
"I will work for cupcakes! ;)"
"Nice to meet you too(:"
"i like secrets cause they keep me in line."
"Well don't think I can I go to da movies..Smh"
"Just had a 'one and fun' at the bar, made by Lorenzo. Thanks for the heads-up; 'twas a fine espresso experience!"
"See all of you tonight at 6:30."
"not right now lol"
"Feel like getting into \"Double Trouble\" with an \"Old Heathen\", you \"Arrogant Bastard\"? Pens game and open mic nite at The BeerHive!"
"You're welcome, and thanks!"
"Loving this season<3"
"The only reason I think it will is because the selection committee pulled the same thing with Michigan back in '06"
"Talk about a great Hanukkah gift for NFL - Lions (10-5) clinch their 1st playoff berth since 1999 with win vs. Chargers"
"please follow me !!! ♥"
"that would be fine with me! They wont have cousins on my side!! Lol! ;)"
"Lol But I Do Agree Widd. On What You Said"
"HOW can someone go to school tomorrow #depressing #almostdoneeeee!!!"
"Never too early for #sushi RT : It's 10am and I'm now already hungry for sushi! :)"
"haha that's awesome!!"
"Now's the time to place your order for our 4:20 special! Order $10+ in delivery or takeout between 4:10 and 4:30 pm and get $4.20 off."
"I'm playing smoothie shopping jams at Nordstrom today until 5, come through."
"Kindle and PSP going tonight, plus more! Bid Packages start at just $7.50!"
"“: Sometimes all I want is run away from my life, but I know it won't solve any problems. So I choose to stay and fight.”"
"THATS RIGHT DIE DIE DIE"
"Touché Cris Carter. It's like a dad scolding his children."
"Thanks! How did the Web Slam go this weekend? Sounded like a fun event."
"Me-\"Would it be odd if we went to Ihop at 4am and ask for an overabundance of hash browns?\" Paul-\"Ill be in the car\""
"In South Florida it's Good Evening right now ;)"
"Finally in my bed! 😍😌"
"Hahahahahaha you're a bitch."
"yea. If you want :)"
"Make the conscious choice to create it or not"
"#Shedidntcallbecause its you i mean come on"
"I need to go to the bathroom... FUCK"
"I had G talk for like a second then removed it from my phone, wasn't interested, hehe"
"Thank you, Layton!"
"Check out my friend ! Great girl!"
"I'm excited too! This is going to be fun."
"Anybody who saying about me and is negative I hope that bitch catch AIDS IN THE MOUTH"
"very tempted to write a long spanish language reply about dios y luz...but i just want natural spectrum bulbs?"
"Sr Systems Engineer position w/SCOM and SCCM -metro Atlanta email:"
"“: nice sounds” good looks.. we fuck with the mixtape for real sounds like that virgina nice"
"Watched the Rock Horror Picture Show tonight for the first time... It was both amazing and all sorts of confusing!"
"yes. they can be eaten at any point during the day and they still have the same impact"
"pls follow back? (:"
"Leaving Louisville tmrw, coming back next Thursday as a National Champion. Point. Blank. Period."
"solar flares? Everything's blamed on those."
"Many great shows coming up this month!"
"Went thru some bullshit this morning. Can't wait til I leave for CT..."
"My daughter sleep on my chest."
"lol oh wow"
"because u don't watch glee, maybe? \": why do i not understand this tweet?\""
"If i was demi, omfg. I would have been crying."
"Won the lottery for the Florida and Tennessee games"
"Short nap before work... NOT 😳"
"Companies are not investing, markets plummet , S&P downgrades US. No trust in US economic leadership & #debt ceiling crisis showed why."
"A HS classmate! RT Yesterday we arrested James Sroufe after he tried to pawn some stolen metal while driving a stolen truck."
"what's up billy moler"
"some luke bryan & kenny chesney to end the day. ina country mood today."
"Im heading to Chicago Friday afternoon, & Indianapolis Motorspeedway Saturday. I CANT WAIT!! WHO!!!"
"RT \" You specialize in movies so you know what happens in horror movies when people split up in a house, right?\""
"what do you mean? you doing reborn dolls? good for you.."
"I love u, too.."
"congrats : ) Scholarships are helping my daughter also"
"i wanna go"
"yeah D:"
"after that performance by LeBron in the 4th and that Vince dunk I know you feeling good"
"Gotcha. Sounds good. Enjoy fam time. Talk soon!"
"shit defense on that clearance. not like there's a trophy at risk, ffs, Ajax"
"#Time cover kid : Look , I'll tell ya - I get the same thing trying to break into pro tennis at 49. Ignore them.Don't break training !"
"That is part of my job description, experimentation with food pairings. you must try it sometime."
"why did I find this adorable? Oh, that's why; because you are. :)"
"With Aguero as his dad and Maradona as his grandad it'll be funny if that kid becomes librarian or marine biologist."
"\"I have several charts here. They'll bore you to tears.\" can't wait..."
"Stern pushing for an increase to #NBA draft eligibility age. I support! Let these kids develop a little more. Good for college ball too."
"You can't unsee something like that."
"anotha restless/ sleepless night."
"meet and greet"
"What time does the USA game start? Is it at 12 something or later?"
"He took the goggles off! Quick someone go hide them!"
"I am sure you prepared for Hurricane Irene! Did you prepare the same way for your children that are heading back to school?"
"Did you know it's National Burger Month? What's your favorite #Plano burger?"
"I kind of love having all of these #MLS games going on at the same time. Makes for an exciting Saturday!"
"go team!"
"YES. MT: 's tumblr, \"hard skills can be learned, while soft skills need to be developed.\""
"<~ it says user doesn't exist when I click him"
"Thank you everyone who attended and presented at #litaforum 2011. Keep an eye out for the evaluation email and see you next year!"
"Eggplant parmesan for lunch....I deserve it! I've worked for 4 days straight"
"Sometimes, I dream as many as 6 impossible things before breakfast."
"\": your closest boy is a mannequin?\" Lol they're all over miami"
"Morning. Off to school. :("
"Headed to Myrtle Beach... this will be my first experience recruiting in the \"Dirty South\"....leggoo"
"thanks! and thanks for your item on the list"
"Sweeney Thank you for having your Mother's Day Cooking Party at Piccolo Chef!"
"You're right, is a great example of #ROC's smart workforce! We're happy to see your company doing so well!"
"To be in the medical field is cool; to be in law school is tough; but to be in the world of art is beautiful."
"Good bye mailman, good bye Avon lady, good bye Jehovah's Witnesses...."
"Thanks for the follow, Coach!"
"Does anyone find it oddly ironic (and perhaps a sign) that our government is broken..and now so is the Washington monument? Just sayin.."
"Come watch who we're going to clobber in the Western Finals - Spurs or Clippers. Beautiful night out, come see us!"
"Thanks for all of the great social media insight!"
"do you ever sleep? Love you tho!"
"why aren't there any pictures?!? :("
"School is a bitch."
"People probably don't name babies Norm anymore. That's a shame."
"It's better to have a good house and wear hand me downs then to wear Louis Vuitton and live in a trailer park."
"#Oomf Always Tweeting With Action . Ex : * shrugs* *looks around* *throws*"
"I know. I didn't get a copy yet! Can't wait to see it."
"until the Ville gets there to take the big 12 by storm...in basketball and football"
"looks AMAZING!"
"no problem<3"
"Welcome Lee. Please sit down."
"RT : rumor: google+ to acquire friendster & hipstamatic. they'll call it hipster. it'll be slow + cool. only 30 ppl will use it."
"Wtf I meant 5625656521 thats the.real numbrr for kyle I swear"
"My 2 favorite things together, and Nascar. It's going to be a great weekend. :)"
"with a passion!"
"LEGOO WE NEVER LEFT!!"
"did you go to Vincent"
"It's the story of a homunculus who gains free will. What about you?"
"All I do is shop all day for"
"I'm in...but not for the home budget nosebleed I gave last month"
"\"He died in Cincinnati\" Glee is hysterical"
"Ask yourself this question: \"Will this matter a year from now?\""
"WELCOME! RT After many years focused mainly on local UPA leadership, now looking forward to also serving on the Board"
"RT : I sat on my fancy toilet and it cracked. That is 2 more years of therapy. LOL gonna be one of those days \")"
"Giving Thanks and Farewell to Dave Show coming Saturday 11/26 at Red Eyed Fly :30 PM. Overflow reunion too at 10! Don't miss this show!"
"\": A real nigga don't tell a female \"I love you\" for sex.\"”"
"Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers"
"Happy birthday to the beautiful !!!"
"did you know your the Swagmaster from Doncaster cause your fablouis!"
"You know what's a bad idea? Doing your taxes with a cuppa whiskey. My refund does not look right. And I can't find the back button."
"Speaking of... erranding and designing thangs for 's shower :)"
"yes, I'm with both of you, but for the base #openstreetmap map I think we need to come up with something."
"Soaking it all in!!!!!! so excited about the future...."
"I'm a software engineer who sunburns easily and watches a lot of TV. I think indoorsy is an understatement. :-)"
"Be there in 40 minutes! The drooling started when we left the house!"
"follow me?"
"So excited for my first HouseParty application!"
"TV hits and misses on Canadian networks - Vancouver Sun"
"to post video today of her doing \"happy dance\" as she promised she would when reaching 1,000 fans on facebook. here we go"
"I'll call u."
"Somethings gotta give."
"#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle diary of a mad titty"
"Day of remembrance play authored by resident - St. Augustine Record"
"Na I feel like gettin my point across, one way or another"
"Bed. I need to clear my head."
"“And my God will meet all your needs according to His glorious riches in Christ Jesus.” Phil 4:19"
"Say, what was the awesome iPhone charger you were sporting at SXSW called?"
"I need somebody to text.."
"Nifty! Tap&Play digital pen/paper enables parents, educators + children to easily add audio tags to their own stories. #chi2012 16AB"
"just for that I'm rootin for the Mavs!"
"of course not!!!"
"#dctf member Fr Boyle: How do funders fund success that is hard to measure?"
"so when are we doing the podcast?"
"who is available via free agency that would be a good pick up"
"you're going to the game, right?"
"Naming our Badges of Courage after women who've had breast cancer! Please submit your story! bit.ly/qmhiW9"
"awesome news Mr. Anderson!"
"Thanks for the follow. We're just gettin the ball rolling..."
"The tuba on Tyga's verse in Ayy Ladies >>>"
"As a small business owner in Madison WI, I oppose SOPA and PIPA. They are nuclear threat to Small Businesses."
"this shit is crazy lol. I can handle the old ladies grabbin me but this shit was scary hahaa"
"Great meeting you! And thanks for the 411 on baritones. Nice piece of trivia for my next dinner party! :)"
"It's like in OB, no matter what happens, the second that baby's head crowns everybody starts to panic."
"I love Mondays with my girl"
"is so funny."
"Sounds awesome!"
"saturday my friend"
"Lots of touching #MCA tribute tweets. Curious: what do you think your tribute tweets would say?"
"how you doing"
"rocked the halftime!! Fergie and Slash was f'ing awesome!!"
"Seeing these deadbeat people makes me never want to drink / smoke #straightedge dude"
"Finally took a break from home reno and had a fun, sinful outing with visiting family: gambling and casino buffet-ing. I am $60 richer."
"My wife is a very obsessive cleaner who hates her job. I came up with the perfect Christmas gift for her. I shopping for a laundromat!"
"thanks for meeting up! Very insightful meeting! Look forward to meeting up again!"
"thank you!"
"wow i hate ruining any chance i have of beind friends with someone"
"the best way to become a person that others are drawn to is to develop qualities that we are attracted to in others.."
"cool who ya going for?"
"you are thinking of T.O. Who had issues with Mcnabb and Garcia"
"It's ok L Breezy we need u to b in kill mode"
"I'm addicted to #popcorn, anybody wanna try an intervention with me?"
"aite I'll hit you up"
"If your brother had thrown his Chapstick it would totally be a sign of brotherhood."
"“: \": your twitter mama here to say hello I am alive again!!\" Miracles! How's it going Yoda” splendid!!"
"RT : Girls have the stupidest conversations. No wonder guys zone out when we're talking"
"we didn't talk much cause he had work&he told me something not likes its a big shook but im gonna text you what he said to me"
"mayybee! we'll see =] legitimately not sure yet. and we'll be in Jacksonville april 13!"
"thnx for watching!!! Had a blast"
"Don't say a word, just come over and lie here with Me."
"#itshardwhen you love, love but it hates you"
"The news is so depressing"
"wondering if you could help market our one chance initiative apparel. WWW.brotherapparel.com"
"hook me up with an invite for Google+?"
"Arrived in Houston, TX this afternoon to be with my Mother. I am blessed."
"my home away from homw"
"High black boots and skinny jeans are not attractive unless you are."
"Lunch at Gourmet Gourmet on Amelia Island, with Ang and the kiddies, just beautiful here."
"my tits only get smaller & smaller, i swur"
"lmao let's play real base ball"
"#doyouthinkitsweird we scream at the tv screen \"look out! Behind you! Awh, bitch run!!!!! Don't look back!\" ???"
"Even individuals need to develop a brand for themselves .... Whatever your area of expertise, you can take steps to make people think of..."
"Oh! Aforementioned DHWI is I only wish they had a childcare option because I think would also be interested."
"Cool... y'all should come to San Antonio. I mean I'm #justsayin :D"
"Just left v 103.3 in atlanta, look out I'm coming!"
"In shock right about now..."
"Thanks! how was your race yesterday!"
"James has zero help. No one on that team besides him is doing a thing. Even Wade."
"fantastic job tonight Becca! Loved the show!"
"i saw u n the \"fagget\" brian walking to the train lol"
"We have the mass text system, but encourage teachers to use and to keep in closer contact with parents"
"\"I cannot go to school today,\" said little Peggy Ann McKay. \"I have the measles and the mumps, a gash, a rash, and purple bumps.\""
"Starting pitchers on my bench. No worse feeling."
"I miss my mom&dad."
"Red Door Spas in Tucson is offering 10% off any RED product in their retail boutique. How will you #paintthetownred?"
"Looking forward to chatting with"
"Please yield to geese"
"Sweet the Morels are starting to sprout in the backyard again! Last year we harvested plenty!"
"Agreed! RT : A1 We believe quality ingredients are the start to a healthy meal."
"Not bad logic :-)"
"ft lauderdale"
"Sleep walking RT : Smh Lakers. This is the Denver Nuggets...let me say that again, the Denver Nuggets. Let's get it goin"
"I'm all 4 laws that help prevent child sexual assault but laws are only as good as the people who enforce them. TALK to and EDUCATE ur kids."
"Of course we are! is ready for ya !"
"N not having money is a rule of all evil LOL weezy"
"I'm sorry I can't watch ustream today :( feel upset , hopefully the second 1 =)"
"gotta make life colorful :-)"
"lol smfh u suppose to be my nigga for life"
"I'm supposed to be doing my homework right now, but I'd take the chance of you following me over a passing grade anyday ;)"
"I'm hungry"
"Thank you everyone, for supporting the Salty Caramels!"
"we will definitely be doing g+ on the next Lote. Yell if you want invites"
"And all that do like me, thanks for the love and support! I really do appreciate it all. I am not too proud to say that."
"Wtf who gonna be there?????"
"your very cute and adorable"
"c'est un p'tit bijou ca! J'aime bien :-)"
"Lord, my eyes are on YOU."
"(TN) RESIDENTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!!!!"
"M beer... sweet nectar of Sunday."
"If she were minding her own wouldnt care but she made me feel super grossed out when she was checking me tanning last summer. Yah. Gross."
"ok baby:) i love u kisses!!!!<3"
"What really bugs me is that one eye is ever so slightly higher on his face than the other."
"Parade traffic gridlock is making my work life difficult today, but at least I get to experience it with the top down. :)"
"No, because it is singularly awesome"
"We believe that Reno is one of the greatest cities in the USA'! Get out party! ;)"
"Miranda Lambert, Carrie Underwood, and Taylor Swift... Thank you for singing my life stories :)"
"Say what you want, not many equal and no one better than Gary Thorne calling hockey."
"I saw it too. LOVED it! Mark Ruffalo is perfectly cast as David Banner/The Hulk."
"#in The stars are wearing French Braid Headband why can't we? Here are a few steps to creating your french braid headband."
"Order a copy of \"The Lost Works of a Lost Soul,\" from www.RShamar.com this weekend and get a copy for absolutely FREE FREE FREE."
"When all else fails... Eat a cracker!!!"
"\"Fermentation may have been a greater discovery than fire.\"-David Rains Wallace"
"Follow Back. Superior Apparel Is Comin Back Hard!!"
"Thanks for the kind welcome to Twitter, friends/loved ones/viewers. I figured it was time to see what all the fuss was about..."
"Tornado warning posted till 7 am for all of South Florida. Be safe."
"If anyone at the Germantown area would like to help me find a dog I would really appreciate it :-)"
"Watching Wall-E & Now I'm Starting To Miss Him And His Comfort. /:"
"yeah lmfao idk I'm gonna google some easy things to do, but does the info have to be on a tri-fold?"
"So excited!"
"The Walker administration says Wisconsin is projected to have a $154.5 million budget surplus at the end of the biennium."
"haha it's okay I won't hold it against you. I'll blame twitter for not displaying my sarcasm better. Stupid twitter!"
"So like table-hopping roundtables? MT : Loved roundtable discussions. More of those so we can choose multiple topics..."
"iPhone autocorrect of the day: \"dilightful\" to \"Dig Hatful\" SMH No, I didn't see it before I sent it."
"Summer Jam is about to go H.A.M"
"i hope you speak English because you are beautiful"
"Went bowling at South Point casino tonight. Did better on the lanes than at the tables. :)"
"Our selection for \"Best Food & Drinks in SE Portland\" is The Observatory Restaurant. Amazing job Kate & Todd have done!"
"2nd time this year the Brewers have wasted a gem from Marcum (at Atlanta too)"
"Hey everyone we are back in Michigan this Saturday at the Tibbits Opera House in Coldwater!!! Show starts at 8:00 pm see you there!!"
"Role of books in our digital world, implications for Commons design?"
"It bothers me when a 4th grade boy knows the meaning of gay but can't do 6X4"
"hahaha yes!! Ooohhhh and don't forget the hair flip!!!(:"
"I knew that was you at the Thai spot lol. Good time at Oak Saturday, cool spot buddy."
"thats y i was gonna talk to u on twitter.... thats how me and got cool... but umm i guess u dont so byyeee"
"Is it Friday yet? Can't wait for the penultimate episode of #Spartacus!"
"If you wish to know the mind of a Bodybuilding, listen to his words."
"If you wish to marry suitably, marry your equal. Ovid (BC 43-AD 18) Roman poet"
"Client meetings all day."
"do you think i look better with or without braces?"
"#ChildHoodMovies Nemo and the lion king :)"
"Happy Tuesday! NYE is 4 days away, don't delay in getting your hair done. We have appointments available for today and tonight 614.447.2600"
"Even better strategy! There's no constructive way to talk to those people."
"Sometimes I take a look @ my life and think... Wow. I am really lame. Content. But lame :p LOL"
"Bwhaha. Yes. You're first album is stellar."
"Wed of next week?"
"that ish is killing my stomach rite now!!!"
"Im King Bitch Though<3"
"Weird to simultaneosly have Tommy Roe's \"Sheila\" stuck in my head while not being able to stop thinking about IN DARKNESS."
"Hate that! RT: took a break from packing for found only empty vending machines in prep for m ..."
"But if course. I'm the one that got the Bruery Reserve Society membership. :-)"
"Thanks, you're the sweetest! RT"
"I'm Bored…Who Wants To Talk"
"Sing me a lullaby. Lol jk"
"I think i'm black swannin it tonight..........."
"Looking for an affordable way to make your home your dream home? Let us help you have the best looking house on the block!"
"that's why I got off FB. It's just a fucking tax."
"I don't think it's been released in the USA yet. I adore Colin Farrell What did you think of his accent?"
"Just finished \"The Season of Second Chances\" by Great read! Now I want to redecorate my room... & my life."
"Thank you for using our website! There's so many fun books out right now - almost too many to read!"
"What do you think? Analyzing Hip Hop. Cambridge Companion to Jay Z. Just throwing things out there."
"I remember when people liked music for music.when it was real and based on their life. What happened to all that"
"RT : RT : More than 231 000 students received #Erasmus grants to study or train abroad in 2010-11 –a new record,..."
"poop in my pants.."
"My dogs look so much like wolves when they have there hackles up."
"No! That's awesome. Are you both in Pleasant Hill?"
"Being normal isn’t one of my strengths:)"
"Thanks for the shout out!"
"I love what?!"
"Jackpot, I get Taco Bell for dinner. This is the last time I'll be eating fast food for a month."
"Best comment from a Shocker fan regarding watching the KU game tonight; \"I have a Patrick Swayze film festival to watch.\" haha"
"Hey Baltimore, come out to Phil Kline's \"Unsilent Night\" boombox parade starting at Southeast Anchor Branch Library in Highlandtown at 4:45!"
"How does everyone have their EOC scores?"
"Have a safe flight buddy!"
"Next up on the \"I can't sleep, bad horror movie marathon\" is Satan's Little Helper. We may have a winner."
"I'll be there yeah i know it, to fix you with love. ♥"
"First impression Gio Gonzalez has great composure, variety of pitches, and very positive attitude."
"I just choked on my hot Cheetos when I read that the omg girls song where da boys at was dope I have to hurry and listen to it ah 😍"
"No, able-bodied 20-something year old guy outside of CVS, I will NOT give you some change. If I can work everyday, so can you. Get a job!!"
": ) NO Prob Bay , FOLLOW Me I Promise I'll FOLLOW Back"
"follow back??"
"Mother's Day activity card in Sunday's Tribune. Moms: Tweet us a photo showing off your new crown. Hashtag"
"Moe's with My Mama"
"I'm pretty sure I just sent the longest text message I've ever sent in my life."
"Sorry, but I am pretty sure THING is correct."
"#BearDown RT : With the 245th pick, the Browns select Arizona CB Trevin Wade"
"how's it going sir?"
"I love u(: hope ur ok u wasn't ur self tonight!"
"Ugh I HATE being cold...and im like freezing...dumb"
"Thanks for following Eccles #Boxing Have Tweet Will Follow"
"Shit I will personally clean the whole thing for a mere million :o)"
"whoa, what about Ben Affleck's Jack Ryan?"
"I heard a reference to \"barefoot activist\" by the host of an NPR show last week."
"Summer on my mind"
"My latest T'Shirt ~ Critical Thinking: The Real National Deficit ~"
"Where is it?"
"#ThatAwkwardMoment at the bowling alley when the girl at the lane next to you asks if it's okay to okay with your balls"
"DIRTY JOKE CONTEST Submit your best dirty joke and win $50. Tweet your joke to & follow. 1 winner per mo. Prize:$50 VISA card"
"Probably working on a new site and a new identity as we speak."
"ok cool"
"I doubt he would fall all the way to the Jets"
"hey but maybe you'll find a cute British boy to show"
"Asking everybody to send prayers out to my buddy ryan klimek!"
"Happy Mother's Day to all from IOTA Solutions. Here's to all that you do. ;)"
"And the tying run is at the plate. This will be fun."
"#Quote at #Gnomedex from \"Anyone who tells you that they are a social media expert is fucking lying to you\""
"This a good #QR codes plan for Victoria Secret? Lingerie QR scans earns loyalty points."
"Tix are on sale for 2nd Annual Artisans' Fare on Nov. 18/19; Indiana's premiere food & drink artisans will be there, like !"
"You can't afford to be not motivated in this day and age"
"Where do you do the majority of your running ?"
"Definitely come out and enjoy a night of networking and fun! Thanks for the shout out!"
"yeah... Your brothers yell is kinda ear piercing... Lol"
"I was proud of Chicago Police Department and surrounding law enforcements for standing strong during a tough time. I salute you!!!"
"Entering to win a $25 certificate #giveaway at"
"Weddings can be expensive. Did you try Henrico County Parks? Just an idea. They have some great outdoor facilities."
"Who would think this lady would walk out her house - in Flats & not wear lotion >.< smfh"
"thanks Mike. Short trip but should be good one."
"We all move on , but your still stuck in the past , everytime you see me , you get another flashback , fuck that, i dont want you back ."
"oh yea that's been gone a long time!"
"\": Paid homage to my mom and dad today Great commencement at a great institution.\""
"Your inner genius - as opposed to being one, consider that you *have* a genius."
"Anyone know where I can get a violent Christmas sweater?"
"Sad game last night...keep ur chins up! Next week will be better, won't it?"
"RT : NO BUCK $HOW w/ + Boy Blue at Turner Hall TONIGHT! FREE FREE until show"
"Our kids didn't have any snow days this year; they get out on May 23!"
"Reminds me a bit of my upper arm. Hopefully won't take 6 years though."
"Was really frustrated no one was answering my calls...then realized it was 12:30 and lunch time. No excuses now people."
"omg can you send me the link, i cant find a good one"
"Sending lots of love to You got this mama!"
"im tired and i dont feel good. fml"
"M, some sweet Urban Chestnut, Gretchen Peters and Brian Henneman this afternoon at Off Broadway. Music at 3. yeah baby!"
"This week, The Janedear Girls are featured in Artist Audio! Check it out on #productionvault!"
"we'll catch u guys next time. wants sushi. :)"
"It is still top secret so I can't tell you here."
"yes. Starts near the library (staging at the school) and goes down W. Wisconsin Ave. Passes"
"well then, i see how it is (;"
"RT : Better, Faster, Cheaper, and Now! How important is Now in health IT?"
"I was looking forward to slurpees with the sister. Oh well"
"... it's a good thing your TV doesn't need gasoline !!!!"
"To calculate Solar noon take 120 mins add 4 mins for every degree longitude you are west. Just in case you need to know what time noon is!"
"lol whatchu know bout them photoshoots haha yeah we can do something."
"RT \"Where exactly are you now? Should I just lookup where the latest car bombings took place today?\""
"then how did you reply lol"
"Where do you wanna SunDay FunDay?! How about Brass Monkey #Milwaukee 700 East Layton. Live Country by Willow Creek Band tomorrow at 1pm!!!"
"how do you enable it?"
"We're excited to bring you great deals from !"
"NOTE: HRResourcePortal.com is interested in your business! LOW LOW RATES to advertise your services globally."
"Saw a crummy sitcom on NBC steal a friends joke tonight & use it in the show word for word. Joke theft is a disgusting crime!"
"#Oomf is my baby, my headache, my love, my smile, my frown, my wrong, my right, my sweetheart, my pain, my happiness."
"#SportingKC store down for maintenance due to high demand. Now I'm rushing to get a jersey for season opener in DC."
"this is why I am 100% certain you are magical we must discuss when you get back. <3 (and do come back soon)"
"Trailer Park Boys!"
"for he knows how we are formed, he remembers that we are dust. Psalm 103:14"
"How do you make coffee?"
"\"A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walk out.\""
"u awake I'll be there before 2"
"the usual Monday with"
"love u Sis"
"Thanks for giving us a try! Enjoy it!"
"It was great catching up with you today!! Hugs!!"
"You know what's scary? Hairpin turns on steep grades driving on the left side of the road at night. Phew!"
"Like Wise Greg."
"hard work and persistence really does pay off! Oh the beauty of opportunity... so excited for the future!"
"What a great at-bat by Travis Ishikawa! #Brewers tie it 3-3 in the top of the ninth."
"BIG TIME Congrats on your successful Q1!!"
"Protected by the queen of the sky."
"Merry Christmas Everyone! Remember the most important thing in our lives are the people in it. I'm so greatful to have you all as friends."
"And now I have to participate in a \"coaching call\" in order to not receive a surcharge on my health insurance?"
"I'll probably give out shout outs tomorrow to new followers :)"
"next she'll pull out ten kilos of Mary Jane so that she can keep eating."
"The story you broke is trending on twitter in Chicago. That's pretty cool."
"However, a USB3 based solution (or Thunderbolt, potentially) is def. workable--just less optimal in case of USB. CC"
"MT : I'm playing at tomorrow night from 10pm - 2am. Come see me!"
"Indeed i will give you a cookie if you follow me"
"I do love my 10 minute \"commute\"...plus or minus a minute or two, depending on which stop lights I hit. ;)"
"for a second I thought you meant he had rap battles with Zayn. I was enthused. Now I am unenthused."
"Happy birthday to my one and only bestfriend I love you girl. <3 everyone go follow her! That would mean alot to her:)"
"Since when can asians grow facial hair?"
"Hello Sunshine! I'm so happy to see you!"
"There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You"
"GM ppl"
"Time and Gems Launches Annual T&G Wholesale Event"
"no it's not!"
"i just wanna go back to london :/"
"48% funded on kickstarter for our fanfilm #gijoeinitiate. Thanks to and for all the support."
"Working on Preserve America Grant for a client in SC and submitting a proposal for strategic planning services in Marietta, Ga."
"Metament: When too much metadata gets in the way."
"i was trying to say you make other peoples day lol"
"oh man i was going to watch that last night but wasnt home at the time. i ll dvr it next time its on"
"He will not forsake me and this is why, there's only one way to heaven..no matter how hard you try."
"That's his turd face."
"I'm looking to get 1000 followers on Twitter by the end of the year. Spread the word. Share the good, free music."
"...he clearly falls a few inches short n iz far lighter than expected \"far !\" lighter"
"Oh hell and yes, Joe Purdy is playing the Grog Shop. Day is officially made."
"What do you think of our new design for items in the stream?"
"spaghetti is getting warmer"
"I mean, did ANYONE hate meatloaf? It was like some sort of weird media conspiracy."
"lol the hell? I've never even spoke to him and I reply to a tweet I saw of his once and he blocks me? Not cool!"
"WELCOME TO GOOD BURGER, HOME OF THE GOOD BURGER, CAN I TAKE YOUR ORDER??"
"Class has started, to get an \"A\" n my class what would u do? Don't come to my class half stepin"
"Three visits from On-Trac then one from FedEx, USPS. I was wondering about UPS. Open the door? Two packages there."
"“: Women love men who can cook a little bit” that's right!"
"Life is such a flippin' roller coaster."
"\"best interest\" clause is in the NFL Constitution and By-laws, Article IX."
"We are in a office hoes! Should you be yelling in terrible slang."
"COngrats Dr. Sanjay!"
"I think somebody hacked my twitter account...I didn't post my last post...how does that happen?"
"Wasted youth is better by far the a wise and productive old age"
"#belfor website is busy because of the show that was just on tv?"
"Seeing your friends at the mall and you both somehow agree not to say hi to each other."
"Christmas is over, time to get ready for New Years... 2011 here we come"
"yeah! Lol heard that song on the radio."
"Thank-you, Debbie."
"oh wait, thats what i eat, nevermind"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY"
"Just saw rumor that #Jets could be on Hard Knocks again. Please let this happen, I want to see the Sanchize cry on"
"*cools off a bit* just game 2, it's NOT OVER!!"
"Who's this mother fucker on a helicopter"
"If u need to say somthin to me I'd advice u do it promptly b4 it becomes too late."
"thanks for following. you have a neat website. clean. minimalist. I like."
"Who indeed can harm you if you are committed deeply to doing what is right? – John F. Kennedy"
"Thinking about why I've called Mabel Byrd a race-conscious internationalist instead of a black Marxist or radical internationalist."
"We are getting REAL ambitious with this church music"
"Are you that rich guy who wants to pay more taxes, but just needs to be asked? No need to be asked, anyone can donate anytime they want."
"Where is & ? I haven't talked to them in forever o:"
"maybe im not sure - but are u saying that there is less hits when embedded than on the actual youtube site?"
"Corn dogs is my favorite food group."
"thought my family was the only one to call it a clicker... definitely agree"
"I Always Listen To You !! D:"
"Steven Pinker moderating a panel tonight: a look at the original roots of artificial intelligence, cognitive science 'n neuroscience"
"Does it have to start with M?"
"I've been spreading the word to #stopkony at my school and it's a real shame that no one gives a shit. Wait until judgement day assholes."
"Wish people who've seen #TheAvengers would stop telling details about characters and the film. Some of us haven't seen it yet!! :-)"
"for everybody coming to the video shoot the address is 800 west Michigan street"
"Fine by me, but viagra and oil subsidies cost a lot more than birth control pills. Women spend an average of $20 to $50. tsktsk"
"who needs a photographer when all you need is a camera phone & a bathroom mirror!"
"Come and visit #Seattle!"
"I'm keeping quiet. My bf will kill me if he finds out. But you know how yall dreads are. Lol."
"pretty unsettling it's a 'vault' situation.. feels like yesterday"
"Get drafted by Boston and play with him. Deal? RT : Wala !! Rondo with another Triple Double"
"best friend forever and ever <3"
"I want to know The Rest of the Story, one more time."
"I will always love you :)"
"At IA State Capitol hoping to watch Condition of State Address/budget, but NOT allowed in. So much 4 peoples house."
"can't wait until tonights C.E. show:-)"
"your note seriously made my night! Love you!"
"I know. But youd have the time of your life."
"so the real reason you've been quiet comes out. =( j/k"
"will be out 'n' about 2nite! :-)"
"word:) suggestion:"
"Return of the Mack"
"\"Declare interdependence, not independence.\" It's an evolution, not another revolution. The web is humanity's next step"
"what time do you guys get to 116th and amsterdam? I don't see you. I'm out here in the rain waiting for my tacos :)"
"What a wonderful day to increase revenue!"
"we left our umbrellas! Get them!"
"When I'm frustrated in my creative work, it's usually because I've overlooked/omitted/neglected something very simple."
"We have a tough fight today and I think #Immigration is one of them. -Barney Frank"
"I mean, since I already had a bagel, there's no sense in me going to the gym after work either :)"
"I'm off to a Bday party! A life time friend feel blessed to have such good people in my life!!"
"presents Artist's Way Sessions w/ , Mondays @ 12-1pm at the Jones Center. Email to enroll!"
"doing hair. rec and then library"
"Pretty happy with Volquez's decision to cut those shit locks off."
"Colbie Caillat & John Mayer radio on pandora, warm bed, cold room = sleepy Maddie (:"
"Just added our other two songs on Reverbnation!! Sorry for the crap quality but we had to convert because the file size was way too big!..."
"La la la la Wait till I get my money right"
"I think that some people actually forget what love is sometimes...and I really hate that. They need to rediscover it."
"If you're ever going to pick a fight and get punched in the face, now is the time."
"I seriously won 's giveaway? You've got to be kidding me."
"Too many times in our lives we take women for granted.Let's take the time to let mothers,sisters,wives,girlfriends,daughters know we care!"
"ahahahaha stupid little whore how dare she disrespect me like that."
"Revisiting The Grey. Saw it in theaters and it rocked my world. (stayed after the credits too.)"
"Why was I holding that vegetable? The Iron Chefs are somewhere shuddering at the sight of this.."
"Indeed. Nearly every article I find about the bassoon in newspapers has some gross error or bizarre wording like that, sadly."
"so happy to have seen in Hawaii. Want to see him ASAP."
"Congratulations! RT : Just signed up for half! Its a few months from now but I am excited!"
"I know I'm almost home once I see Cabella's..."
"I thnk you'll like them Tom! What color would you sport?"
"Maybe it's a good thing #Rockies were rained out today. They've been outscored 14-1 this year on"
"Growing old is a must, Growing up is optional I C!!"
"Off with Zimmerman's head!!!!!"
"RT : Magic is when you serve something larger than yourself. /v"
"dude you should do guest vocals on new album"
"Wow only 8 days till the Bday!"
"Furniture Bonanza! --quality furniture but my eyes are about to fall out from all the filing"
"let's do it. Ru free sometime next week to meet and discuss ideas?"
"Scot Copeland: \"the fact that people can't be put into those categories is promising\""
"Polyana n he said my gift sucks but forgive him it's not the movie it's the location Reseda 2 Red Line Arclight hum is MyStudio Open?"
"Happy to be in Salt Lake City after our 7am trek from Aspen..."
"Question Of The Day : What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail ?"
"Hell Naw bro I didn't even know im there tho"
"Do you like me? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no."
"I just listened to Marcellus Wiley talk about his friend Junior Seau. I even teared up. What a loss. What a loss."
"thanks for the tip! I will try strawb & guava asap :D"
"Life come n goes ! But u only LIVE once!”)"
"Realtors please follow me to get up to 50% Commission on your referral to Dallas Texas and Park Cities area. call me at 469-682-2540"
"The 40 Rules of Love. It's one of the best fiction books I've read all year."
"the lower the shirt, the better the view! Kidding girl no offense but ure hot"
"Happy Birthday Channing Tatum!!!!"
"South Africa: Next week, academic workshops with 7th/8th grade primary school students!"
"Oh no, that looks ugly. Please just be momentarily stunned, Hoss."
"Never mix business, with new friends."
"The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what the man or woman is able to do that counts."
"i am truly thankful for my family and friends, they have always been there for me and i will always be there for them!"
"I am now addicted to switched at birth! Thank you ! ;)"
"i will talk to you"
"whatching youtube videos of people all around the world play the drums"
"the #Packers have the best \"Offense\" I have ever seen n my life im 27 so thats a long time!! Fuck all #Packers haters yall lose and we win!!"
"We're here at nyc rescue mission Graduation Ceremony. 7 grads & scores of fans. Biutiful; room for more in chapel next time. peace"
"Spiritual is getting the connections of interdependicies wherein we fail or succeed together"
"what a weird one that was. Supposed to be an article about us in that site tomorrow."
"lol, how would it be. Hip Hop has never openly embraced that part of our community in such a way..."
"Raleigh, I like you, but you people are clowns behind the wheel when it rains."
"Going to sleep. Goodnite everyone"
"why thank you :p"
"that's what i thought. i'm expecting to see a large assortment of endorsement deals coming up..."
"so excited to have 's support for If you're not following ,check out their AMAZING mentoring program!"
"OMG DIED"
"thanks bud. Next LA trip we need to catch up!"
"Can you DM me the info on the class?"
"thank god it's friday night and I just just just just just got paid."
"They obviously were too busy to deal with anyone that may catch their hijinks...."
"Thank you to all the Quality people. Customers & business associates...we <3 you all!!! Happy New Year..."
"new tonight?"
"Well, technically it's not. But I don't want to look like a guttersnipe either!"
"Harry styles hair duhh"
"love Tina, my huband wants to know if she has her glasses with her? He likes them ;-)"
"Good luck to us!!!"
"Upstream. Great restaurant RT I'll be in Charlotte next Tuesday in time for dinner. Any good recs?"
"Ahh this weather is amazing! I hope it stays!"
"I didn't run into anyone I know today. Guess who's wearing the exact same thing tomorrow."
"win on Monday. Lose on Sunday. Go lions!!!!"
":) how are you lately? Been wondering what your up to, hope all is well!"
"Day #4 of being super sick :( Is there a doctor in the house?"
"Life's a fucking bitch."
"n/p - but I confess - though you have a great chest - I was torn between the glasses & the tie -> fave photos! (btw: 10)"
"God blessed me with Thick Skin"
"no. I want a 22 episode season. It's too short... Like a newbie with bad foreplay!"
"WHOS WATCHIN THE CMAS katy perry i love u n ur dress"
"ops just saw your message! I know we forgot northern Ireland on some of our Dublin your Pleasure shirts, but we fixed most of them"
"Thanks to everyone for the sweet words on the #GlutenFree #Vegan apple pies. My next cooking class is going to be on make pie crust."
"Just finished the teaser for a new web series called #Aimless that I had the pleasure of directing. Will be sharing soon tweet peps."
"Thank you A & A! Can't believe you two were here 2 weeks ago now! Let's celebrate next time I'm in town!"
"I'm watching and crying with <3"
"What are your plans for festivities on this St. Patty's Day?"
"Of course none of those things happened! She was quite happy in your arms. I know Jack is jealous."
"That Chick Still Got Mi M'f Dollar"
"you're no oil painting but your interviews are fantastic. Maybe you have the face for radio."
"el caminos are definitely cooler than rancheros, but why does one need a station wagon with the back cut off?"
"AND CAN I GET A HOT TUB"
"me too! When he says \"love you too\" in the beginning."
"okay, so maybe hasn't won The Glee Project yet. But mark my words..."
"Ladies night? I'll happily set you and your ladies up for a complimentary bottle of champagne tonight! Just RT or Message us :)"
"Off to Lake Mills for lunch with John Laabs from Wisconsin Broadcasters, said \"Ill meet you for $2 hamburgers at the tavern, not sure where"
"that's what I thought."
"In the cribbbo "
"don't hate on the biebs! Lol"
"I luv to requote tweets. Its says everything I never thought to say. If u don't like my requotes. That's cool too. O well its my twitter"
"Oh Yeah, the QUOTE - \"It's too bad the people who really know how to run evrerything are busy cutting hair or driving taxis.\" George Burns."
"I'd like to think so :)"
"CHRIS BOSH PLEASE GET WELL, imagine if chris was there, like at least 19 pts, heat would've won, win it on thursday guys!"
"Cannot wait to get out of Knoxville on Wednesday!"
"man woman man woman"
"Hey Laney! I saw your comment on 's blog post. Let's talk about the skirt! Email me at ."
"RT :love guy who told a reporter frm atop median hes stuck on \"Im used 2 driving in this\" duh,right! #snowatl <-i saw that jagaloon"
"Oh wow, visited when we first moved here 5 years ago and loved it! Thanks for the invite."
"Room service to go , give them a call for fast delivery in your area"
"I like them proportionately to the order they came out. Funny how that works."
"I Can Take You To Your Ecstacy, Jus Let Me Kno Where You Want It To Be"
"I hate how everytime I move my necklace makes like clingy sounds... ugh."
"It no longer holds views of wiping out capitalism all together, which is fine, reasonable."
"Watching the summer league right now......chilling with big Cleve"
"I've reached my following limit. Sorry to those that I can not follow back."
"we built it, they will cum!"
"did you still finish them?"
"Wow... it was a tornado on the sun...smh"
"Possibly Kris Joseph/Syracuse (Canada), lost two yesterday when Vandy got beat Ezeli & Taylor (Sweden)"
"Thats whats up :D Super excited <3 you guys!!!"
"Its an older account"
"At Dairy Queen : I didn't want to but my wife made me eat a Large NutterButterPeanutButter Blizzard"
"I have seen walk out of SDCC meetings w/out voting on SD issues."
"3 weeks of school left and I'm still pulling students out of PE to finish work. School aint over yet!!!!!"
"So, Blake starts at PG in OKC?"
"hanging up pictures."
"Watching Top Gear in Bloomington with The Vorticists, our hosts for the evening, before trekking to Grand Rapids."
"Busy day today. Hasbro commercial audition and meeting with another agency who could rep her in print. Then back in time for ballet class!"
"TONIGHT @ Omni (2567 W Bancroft Toledo). Come hang out!!"
"hey are we still getting pay videos?"
"there will be gel in your navel lol also, I had my friend go with me on mine but it was interesting pretty cool actually lol"
"have a safe flight...you're only getting further away from niall and his crew in la :("
"Don't rain on my parade."
"yeah until it pops in ur face and u won't come off !:)lol"
"hahahah that sucks"
"Idc if ppl be hatin i think GLEE is awesome and i love every show and performance!!!!!!!!!Im a GLEEK"
"Long ass day. Bout to grab some Coney and relax. My whole body feel like Rosie O'Donnell's ankles."
"fuck me. im already breaking down and crying.."
"Doing some much-needed #Drupal updates. I think my users are tired of seeing the red warning messages."
"If David Prosser can do it to Ann Walsh Bradley, I want to see Ruth Bader Ginsburg put Antonin Scalia in a head lock."
"Margs and laying out with Mama Jen!"
"Russell Warnberg speaks about his book \"Edge of Redemption\" today at the Friday Local Author Series! Noon-1:00pm in Meeting Room 5."
"I'm weird. I'm gifted. I hate bitches. I'm actually nice. I am God-fearin"
"Haha wow! RT : What if air is poisonous, and it just takes 80 years to kill us?"
"not getting my eyebrows did till it's closer to my birthday, they grow back so fast!"
"club de bagel."
"WOW this dude is 5'10\" (same as me) and throwing down in the NCAA dunk contest. jumps 50\" in the air...WTF"
"it's the only thing keeping our muscles from spontaneously combusting"
"has a fire gig to plan for Friday, family beach trip Saturday and Sunday, and a revolution to organize; I'm swamped!"
"Working on a new 36x36...and some smaller pieces using a FAB orange and HOT pink!!"
"Ask he has been there a few times"
"no-_- I wish! And morning to you too sir.(:"
"if I'm forced to watch a 5 day marathon of chuck Norris #walkertexasranger you will be forced to watch #glee 😉"
"If paper beats rock then why is it when I throw a rock at your face, the paper doesn't stop it"
"Rob Jamieson, outgoing #LPCO secretary did a great job introducing the Management Board at"
"i think it was in the most recent brantley banner!! i will find it for you gurl."
"Psh! The challenge is to succeed to read with my schedule. :/"
"So he took his time to draw a dinosaur on the board dude really smh"
"#SomeoneIWantToMeet would have to be the one I HAVE to meet !!!"
"When you say #Wisconsin, you've said it all!"
"RIGHTEOUS CALL"
"On my way to Catalina Island for a mini vacation before I'm back at Super Club tonight :)"
"At a seriously sketchy Bella Gourmet \"bridal event\" just to try an get free stuff. Not sure if it's worth it..."
"Afterglow just came up on my Pandora station! Very cool. Hope you're well!"
"Reading \"The Mysterious Benedict Society\" by Trenton Lee Stewart this"
"Interesting fact: humans shed over 30 million eyelashes over our lifetime."
"Reading fashion magazines, trying to work out what's in vogue in beachwear on French Riviera in 2009."
"u has me scared I wasn't sure what you were dressing up as!?!?"
"Ahhhhhhhthankyou... Keep up the good work, guys- Let me know what I can do to help. #promotion #blogpost???"
"I love Once Upon a Time. It is both cheesy and amazing."
"We're making some exciting changes to how the world can interact w/ #ROWE...stay tuned for more coming soon :) (cc )"
"\"Looks like a fricken apron from ragamuffin-ville USA\""
"Favorite time of year!! Churchill Charger footbal! At Meet the Chargers!!"
"amazing! Can you send me more. Our kids would live this in January."
"Life is but a dream."
"This kid is very over the top. Can't wait to see what she does at 30!"
"She's preaching this thang!!!"
"Time get ready for the party."
"No problem, Thank YOU!"
"Gold on the Ceiling"
"Goodnight :D"
"Don't know if I can trust you."
"practice was fun :)"
"Going to inland empire today by public transit. It is cool, the use a schedule out here and know how to point you to connections."
"PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 25"
"Well ....The suspense is killing us!"
"Gas going up or down tonight?"
"Going to basketball practice. Bye"
"(because obvs that's where discourse goes)"
"Thanks for the RTs!"
"We can't wait to be on MusicVox one week from today!"
"Where can I find the #bonezone wish list at?"
"what's up tyresha???"
"S/O to we dont talk much but he seems cool af. His tweets are real and always has the best shoes. #followhim (:"
"retweet to be in our next shout out video? :) we'll post it!"
"Santorum's version of catholicism is fantasy land. He'd fail to be hired as a teacher in a Jesuit high school."
"#itwouldbegreat if I could stop sneezing. aghhh!"
"Yeah for sure gonna go home and take a long ass nap"
"MT met today and says he is (insert adjective) in person!! How about a RT for a BIG Cards fan?"
"Choose your women wisely ...."
"HES STUPID A F , when you have one its supose too be better xD"
"but since navteq is int he mix, still a 5K daily limit."
"are you???"
"Casting my vote for booking in Dec. Awesome author from Richmond, VA!!"
"I need a dork to be with(: my boyfriend is that dork(:"
"Where there is love there is life. Mahatma Gandhi"
"yep, that's me."
"‎ will be out in Tucson today giving out Widsix gear at the Old Pueblo Grand Prix. Check out LIVE event Sat 3:55pm PST from"
"“Work hard and become a leader; be lazy and never succeed. (Proverbs 12:24)”"
"Too much lost time the last few days. Focus, woman."
"WOW! Thanks for the sweet #FF love! :) You both rock my world with SM knowledge and make me smile."
"I hate the Fakers more"
"A big shout out to Donald Trump & Michael Cohen for overturning petty prejudices that get in the way of Peace and Harmony!"
"Time for me to get back to my to do list! ;) What new goal / task have you set for yourself this week?"
"truck pole for kevin harvick, but 2nd for cup race it ok let get the win lets go harvick you can do it!"
"That nap turned into BED. Lol"
"welcome to something other then facebook#AboutThatTime:-)"
"Omg its 3a.m. n I can't sleep! Ubber annoying! Ugh!!"
"A skillful man reads his dreams for self-knowledge, yet not the details but the quality. Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"RT I agree that if Matusz struggles again tonight Buck should look to fill his spot in the rotation."
"I LOVE being a part of an amazing, Jesus loving church, WestMemphis 1st Assembly!!! I always leave feeling better than the way I came! ;)"
"omg no now he is obsessed with Disney Universe. We had to put the wii in his room because he wouldn't even let us watch tv"
"spring valley"
"ok folks i am outta here tonight."
"Wait a sec. Already saw, loved and RT'd. Gimme more!"
"noted and retweeted. thanks! (inbound or outbound this morning?)"
"[Update] Tied up on work project. Tweets to resume soon."
"Time to go to work"
"Thanks for the follow and participating/attending #SMBMAD this AM!"
"Who doesn't?? hahaha sorry, i have to go :/ bye."
"I guess me and the cuzzo bout to go see #Thor, then, well #idk…."
"welcome to the atl...again!!!!"
"THE TALLEST president was Lincoln at 6'4\"; at 5'4\", Madison was the shortest. Happy President's Day"
"its like really hot outside!!"
"I'm trying not to fall asleep but why am I the only one awake?!?!"
"crazy girl"
"I wanna see people trend Page 100 or even 300 of 366 and not miss one day"
"Just registered for winter quarter: Info. Technology, American #Archives, #DigitalPreservation & Data Curation. *so excited* ♥"
"Thanks for your RT Robin! :)"
"Good night for Philadelphia. Go #Phillies and #Flyers, and why am I only now finding out about ?"
"The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread."
"I take that back, 7 babies. Rock on."
"Good Morning My Twitter Boogers!!"
"said it best. \"We idolized Derek, we admired Pettitte and we roared for Jorge, but we worshiped Mariano.\""
"YUP A healthy D..cept #36....will look a lot different next week vs. past 5 weeks...."
"that seems like a very dangerous, idea, like trading Bledsoe to the Bills, but if the Bills were good..."
"Its already been brought! \": Just won a Spyder Xtra marker and full kit for it for $75. Bring it!\""
"I'm guessing that Tweet would be reversed, if the standings were switched."
"ok n wat time it start"
"We had fun! Thanks for meeting up with us! Have fun this weekend."
"A home cooked meal is exactly what i need right now"
"How are the new shoes working out for you?"
"Occupy Wall Street Movement in NYC is real like flesh. Young people of color get involved your numbers are the highest in America for jobs."
"NaLee2010.cm CHECK IT OUT!!!"
"I only feel truly disrespect when people treat me like a \"nigga\"."
"Don't be scared baby I won't drop you"
"Looking forward to seeing at the Derby. Who is he picking to win?"
"\"what do you do now twitter?\" no dad, please u already ruined Facebook."
"\": Can you please talk with your mouth full?\""
"I was 183lbs then I went down 180lbs Now I'm 185lbs"
"Finally going to bed. Happy new year everybody!"
": Thanks for the RT!"
"k ya shower bye"
"True that. The mystery kills me..."
"Fruit snacks, which are more snacks and less fruit."
"yeah, me either, pretty sure it's just Cum :P"
"Google Ads thinks any marginally tech-savvy woman I know is a man. Pro-tip, Google: Ladies are interested in social SEO and app dev., too."
"Samsung’s Galaxy S I unveiling happens today; here’s how to watch it live"
"sadly no. I guess I'll have to replace it ASAP because I'm not going to hold it up to my ear at this point!"
"That's awesome."
"I am so sad I missed this year. Perfect weather, too! Next year, for sure."
"I need that lol"
"yeah, think you have it under control"
"okay for sure!"
"so perfect. I've been fighting back the need to RT everything all day."
"I use 2 think 3yr olds could understand babies, Until I was babysittin & asked a 3yr old wat his sister said- he didn't know lol"
"Love it!! I'm really looking fwd to year two! And your *three* year is coming up! :)"
"very good Ms. Gaynor"
"Comet, over on the east side. Diner with AMAZING food."
"reading my May issue (yay) and spending time with the family."
"The folks who have accomplished the least in their lives are the most likely to give unsolicited advice..."
"Call me ASAP bro.. its about the shoot"
"Like our library? Like its page! H. Furlong Baldwin Library, Maryland Historical Society"
"Today we remember my moms boo n our Legend Bob Marley..."
"HUUGE break for the Patriots, it's not often you miss a FG that close"
"I have 2 games next week!! (:"
"Sounds good, I'm on it"
"Sometimes I feel all alone in a crowed room... Gathering thoughts."
"Mitt who? #stopcopyingobama with your twitter campaign"
"That awkward moment when ur mom Is texting ur dad and she sends it to u instead and it was about u"
"That's so wrong and they don't even taste good if you call it a \"GYRO\""
"I'm pregnant.."
"I'm happy to hear other guys are as pro-condom as I am."
"Just being me ;-) RT introduced my kids to FB Day off and they love it! 'Ferris Bueller, you're my hero'"
"That's the gayest thing I've ever heard you say. I want pictures afterwards!"
"Thank you! Things are shaping up =)"
"looking forward to seeing pop his stand-up cherry tonight at Comedy Sportz. he better be funny; our friendship depends on it"
"Enjoying a day of technology and humanities and fun people at #thatcamp. Crowdsourcing up first!"
"tiger will shoot a 72 this round."
"Only 24 minutes until its 3am!"
"I love being able to joke around with people and know that both sides are always gonna be good."
"How did I just notice this?? Great seeing you Saturday, come back to Madison more often!"
"I said to the wanting creature inside of me, What is the river you want me to cross? -Kabir"
"Looking forward to Learning from Leaders w/Messmer Catholic Schools President & Board Director, Brother Bob Smith."
"if he cared about lgbt rights we would have them. Wake up. Obama only uses lgbt rights as a tool when needed."
"I forgot to thank you for your \"The Oatmeal\" link last week...so perfect! How are things going for you?!"
"can't wait!"
"sure thing!! We'll touch base w/ you sometime this upcoming week :-)"
"Back from professional development. Reinvigorated."
"The true value of music lies in its ability to ignite social change."
"maybe have them work as a nurse for 4hrs?"
"It tastes nothing like your delicious Kellis Cuppy Cakes :-)"
"Haha there's a grad student named \"Will Robus\""
"I like hopeful people. And, like in Harry Potter, if you say my name enough the almighty will acknowledge."
"we have a surprise for you all in a few minutes...."
"San Antonio Silver Stars fall to Seattle Storm 78-64. Silver Stars fall to 11-7 on the season."
"it's sad, Karen Carpenter just naming foods..."
"The wind outside whistles with discontent for america and it's poor choices."
"There's a geese fight going down right now"
"\"Sunday mornin', praise the Lord.\""
"Totally addicted to Tennessee Pride mini sausage biscuits. So much for meat free. I was doing so well..."
"Tebow seems to better out of the pocket when he's passing."
"please join in! I'm not clear on the 1990 comment either...."
"South Korea banned our scouts from its stadiums? BAH! That's like banning Stephen Hawking from step aerobics classes."
"also what is that oldest picture haha!"
"Who opened the window"
"i feel soo sick man my eyes hurt!!! thank gawd for 3 hour release tomorrow"
"- and I miss you bunches. Hanging out in Tulsa was tons of fun!!!"
"Annotations with a purple pen."
"2006 I knew I wanted own my own business"
"there's some dude on twitter that needs to change their profile pic before people start making fun of it. 😜"
"We are investigating this as we saw them also"
"RT : Have run out of paper! Literally doing the final illustrations for OY3 on scrap I pulled from a hotel recycling bin! But..."
"damn! This one is on fire too!"
"‘Abdu’l-Bahá is scooping up handfuls of earth and giving them to members of the crowd."
"what do you mean traveling?"
"#Memphis in the #NBA cashes for all on the list now 21-4 in #NBA playoffs get on the list"
"Me too!"
"A new SHAQ in Purple and Gold! RT Just committed to the UNIVERSITY OF WASHINGTON"
"Go from Old Tappan NJ to Old Pueblo (Tucson) AZ Where you won't warm the bench"
"Do you ever think that maybe an object could collapse under the weight of its own molecular structure? Or how cool it would be to be a dog?"
"Not Just You in my pants ;D"
"ya new boyfriend ctfu!"
"Love being an #archivist- I open up a folder from accession of #NOW materials &Gloria Steinem & Betty Friedan's faces are staring up at me!"
"- I have a TON sista! Scroll down my blog you'll find some...but lots more to come! thx for following"
"You guys need to try THIS burger!"
"I Swear.. I thought your family was to Support you, not Bring Yuh DOWN!!! :''(.. It HURTS!!!!"
"absurd! We've been teaching our young since civilization began! It doesn't have to b so complicated!"
"RT : Any time you can dump a QB with mystical powers for a 35 year old guy coming off 4 neck surgeries, you have to do it."
"\"HELD\" by Natalie Grant, pullin my heartstrings."
"After the weekend White House and Derby festivities, I'm happy to report that none of the Wildcat players were injured. Back to you Dave"
"Ima watch this movie, & yo ass is going 2 fetch me a colt 45 u want this cream betta respect da gleam -Billy D Spindles"
"I know one 9 yr old who was delighted by the win. His dad on the other hand, not so much... :-)"
"from ? She said it was announced on goom radio or something."
"If I choose you over sleep. You better, I repeat, BETTER feel pretty freaken special. -__-"
"you know you're in california when a guy rolls by ona segway witha surfboard on his back"
"thanks for sharing, we thought this was an interesting question to ask yourself as a #smallbiz owner"
"blowin up social networks... Pot/kettle"
"hm experiments?"
"Chris Cif you interview the boyz can I get a shout-out to Jada from Canada #CanadianICONiaczLoveChris Plzz if you see this RT"
"And you thought we were done! New updates and the second installment of SNN coming in January!"
"Happy Mothers Day!!!! :)) I really respect u 4 being a great mother 2 Vaughn'ya....u r truly a great parent #Kizzie :))"
"I dont know whats more awkward, answering Dora, or sitting in silence while she stares at you..."
"HE MAKES U BLEED NIGGAHH"
"Ja is most likely dead..and Ashanti is married to Nelly, and she weighs 350lbs."
"Is it sad that this excites me? RT Baltimore City recorded 10 homicides in Feb, one of the lowest monthly totals since 1970."
"OMG it was amazing! We got our cd signed and talked to them! I was gonna mention to nick the Maroon 5 concert but totally forgot"
"Summer camp booking season is starting soon! Did you know that you may be eligible for a tax deduction for sending your kids to camp?"
"I left my USB for a week & they called to tell me I forgot it. My USB has my name and tel # on it. Reminder to others, do the same."
"books4teenboys: VARIANT by R.Wells is flying off our shelves"
"Great meeting with this afternoon!"
"I wanna snuggle"
"The smile😊👌 and eye👀 contact me and had"
"Beach Boys you're so old and cute and OLD"
"Starting the two-week break before my next class starts! Intellecual Property Law litigation!"
"Ditto!! \" sweet; i'll see you there! that's the best news ever!"
"New post coming soon about a low-effort approach to digital estate planning. Should be helpful."
"Good to be home :) No plane rides for a good week or so!"
"Looking forward to our dinner at tonight!"
"I can give up fast food no prob. If everyone grew what they ate, the ratio of veggies to meat would be better"
"27th and North"
"Home from DC. Well, not quite. In the office now, but heading out at noon. Early flights are rough."
"I have seen Georgia O'Keeffe paintings in Santa Fe museum really colorful beautiful paintings. I will watch the movie tonight."
"a proud Nationals fan? That a girl!!!! We need to send you a new #47 jersey."
"wait huh!? Why didn't they just keep the thunder?? I'm lost. Did they lose a bet??"
"Hmu means hold my unicorn! Ex: Hey! Can u Hmu, I dropped my taco!"
"Never forget ur friends when ur in a relationship"
"Well I'm gonna meet you one day. And were gonna fall in love and get married. Ok? Hey a girl can wish cant she?"
"financially it's not in my budget but professionally I have to. Work is at a standstill today."
"WISH I was ONE of those FISH! LOL! :)~"
"Who needs a boyfriend when you have a best friend like ; love you so much boo. Thanks so much for everything."
"Who is watching sunday best? www.twitter.com/BETSundayBest"
"Congratulations on the appointment of the #CFO of , Warren Jenson to your Board, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8"
"Everyone follow my cuzz He really is my cousin........"
"Cheney vs. Powell: One manipulated and dealt in the dark while the other still is respected for his integrity! Dick named appropriately!"
"highly disappointed when I went to the office fridge to find I forgot my lunch on the counter at home."
"Also if anywhere possible, you vs. or you vs."
"Up since 4a due to hotel thinking I asked for a personal wake-up call. Getting punchy. Just wait til the reception opens ..."
"Im a great advice giver but cant take my own for shit,, i over process to much..."
"Finally, y'all are playing w/ heart"
"Lindseeeyyyy ; we can talk about it too because we know that we pretty and if macie know she is to, then sing it with us"
"Tumblr's down! How are all of the bitter 17-year-old girls supposed to blog a vague photo signifying how much they hate Valentine's Day?"
"It's colder than a polar bears ass up here in the 206......"
"Greenpeace protesters plead guilty in protest at Skyland plant - Asheville Citizen-Times"
"Fantabulous! Lol. Talkin to old friends n workin my way to the studio! Today is a great day!"
"that's what's up! Get it in sweety!😊"
"Toshiba Excite 13 spotted at the FCC - Android Community"
"DON'T ! - love brother"
"Oh Boy Here we Go The HEAT IS ON!! BOUT TIME.......LET's GO"
"Seeing War Horse at Lincoln Center with my dad and his wife. Very well done. Intense. The puppeteering is incredible."
"i'm still working on my book about you:) <3"
"killed it..."
"#didcthatcoming I'm learning way too much about Dane County, Wisconsin"
"This one chick gums look like swisher sweets. \" u got a tootsie roll I V in yo mouth"
"Fuck yes. Alright 😄"
"Helpful Tip for the kids bathroom! Provide a trash bin in the bathroom so the toilet isn't used as a garbage can."
"If RNG goes home i WILL start crying!:("
"\"No vote will create uncertainty - Bruton.\" Which is worse, certain fate or uncertain future? Germans win WW11?"
"Im sorry but i really think American Idol is going downhill.."
"So should we just start calling them \"Victoria's Secret Service\" now or what?"
"Stayed tuned to find out what happenes on the next episode of \"Stalker: Texas Stranger.\""
"yeah can't wait ha"
"Slow&steady. RT : Forced creations die quickly."
"because they rule the world, Smooth!"
"what about wavefront in Chicago?"
"This is THE wknd to kick off yr #gardening w a workday at Girard at 10, then head over to for a tea party & more!"
"Wooden or folding, padded or not, just someplace to sit our butt. We need your chairs! Donate today, we have volunteers in the space today!"
"See first that you yourself deserve to be a giver, and an instrument of giving."
"If at first you don't succeed destroy all the evidence that you tried"
"I bet you John Mayer takes a shit like a douche."
"Champions start their day with old fashioned stove cooked oatmeal."
"just got to interview my favorite Emmy-winning actress. YES!"
"thanks for the shout out Joel. looking forward to what's ahead!"
"ZOMG!!! Please. Their fried pickles are tvebest ones north of the Mason Dixon. Pick a night and we're in."
"glad it was good!"
"Address for the family of Arthur Jordan: 4219 Eton Ave. Bronx, NY 10466"
"Woops, I meant to say \"May 17\" on that last post rather than \"March 17\"."
"see i can put yo a$$ out...keep runnin yo mouth, & if yo brothers come trippin imma show em what these tear drops bout"
"thanks for asking. \"friendliness will kill you [in the classroom]\" is what I was told, so I guess yes, less pleasant"
"You must have been reading my mind. It is exhausting. Happy Mother's Day! DW"
"Happy that the Dodgers won their first game. There getting a shoutout on the show. Who else wants a shoutout?"
"they're absolute idiots!"
"187 more miles to my own bed!"
"The American Dream is still alive. And the tiers in the pyramid allow for some change in lifestyle that can be noticeable."
"I already have one , sorry :/"
"Not only is it monday but it's pooring.. man I hate monday mornings"
"Spent my morning meeting folks & seeing old friends at while promoting Bike to Work Week!"
"Golden State Warriors vs. Chicago Bulls tonight @ Oracle Arena in Oakland starting 7:30pm"
"Redneck Word of the Day: RECTUM. I had two nice 4 wheelers until I rectum!"
"Hoping this Claritin kicks in soon...."
"So There Was This Box That Said \" DANGER , HIGH VOLTAGE!\" , And iWas tryna open it right after I read it lol -Stupid , But Curious."
"Hey followers I have a new account please follow I want to try to have the same amount of follower as before!!!! Thanks!!!:)"
"I'm gonna have to go my local DD and do a taste test now... :D"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY#futurehusband <<<<<<------Lol"
"I-O"
"yeah thats right... But what happen to oddii being like Ms.sanchez thats hes hers forever and it leaves in a flash for a"
"anyy night that includes us is a good night!! #"
"Hmm what to do today?!...."
"Wish I could! Heading to MN at noon. Missed you last night, !"
"o.k? So yeah knock on my door en ur done with w.e"
"Girls-If your not gonna suck it don't touch it"
"Actually I've heard the band in that picture and they are terrible."
"Ry Cooder just sent an Email, he wrote the score for my first USA-impression , will talk to him later, so excited"
"Sorry to hear that. Any suggestions for how we could make it less complicated?"
"this Guy should be followed by stalkers jealous babydaddies and out of work mimes"
"well we planned to pick up billy too"
"we loved it too!"
"hahaha aww you just need to get better sweetheart!!"
"Yay glad I can help :)"
"Buff Bagwell Suffers Broken Neck in Car Accident; A Fan&#39;s Take"
"It is so beautiful to honor so many cultures, relationships, and materials"
"I have never been a fan of him. I could see him being that childish considering past things I have read of his."
"I have come to the conclusion I must attend UMF next year xD"
"visited the DISNEY-store @ Antwerp <3"
"Feeling like I'm the oldest in the bar..."
"Well, if you're ever in NYC hit me up so I can listen to you talk and then hopefully make out with you. Love a good accent."
"respected and that was understood. But doesn't need any more pushing of his negativity. IMO"
"Do u guys like my new avatar??:) hot abs right ppl =)"
"Thank you very much! I hope you guys are having a really wonderful tour! : )"
"Last night... no. Just no."
"On My Way To Work."
"Has anyone heard back yet about the Wimbledon ballot? Too soon?"
"Today I celebrate four years with my lovely bride. My life has never been better. I love you Stephanie."
"Thanks for your response!!"
"thanks for the add A"
"yes! I hope I'm lucky enough to get el bulli tix. When I hear something I'll let you know!"
"Another feisty episode of Portland Sucks - today at 8AM Pacific - www.pdxsucks.com"
"yes I want to see him so bad"
"I wanna make love to old school music one day"
"Awesome! Glad you are here! RT : #CompCloud 2012 at the Palace Hotel Whoop whoop! So glad I found my friend Krysta from last year"
"RT : Who wants a follow back? Retweet this shit."
"5/15 summaries done. :p determined to do 3 more tonight!"
"I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me"
"#SomeWhereInTheHood niggas knockin on your door asking \"Do you want your grass cut\"? Lol\""
"what boyz follow you doe"
"I know! Overwhelming."
"It is entirely possible that I could be the father of Snookie's unborn child. Fortunately what happens in Jersey stays in Jersey."
"Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day."
"I agree. The only reason I can see why he might still hide it is because of his family…but there's no way they don't know"
"He's what you want...Im what you need."
"I think I wrote down my address and phone over 8 times in different forms before coming to the doctor. They still had two more forms for me."
"hahaha BITCH I don't wish I KNOW!"
"Trying to find info and pics about animals wearing jewelry ;) Anyone know any pet-jewelry designers??!! (for a multimedia project)"
"hey tiff lol 😚"
"watching my sisters play #JustDance3 LOL."
"Bagel I am eating a bagel not a dog"
"I have no drama."
"Congratulations to the NY Giants for winning the 2012 Super Bowl!"
"what? you don't like a shadow effect??"
"when i get my 1000th follower, i'll be following over 2000 people."
"Almost done with my Johnson / Rasselas presentation: going through the slides with portraits and getting the eyes all on one line."
"#NowWatching and Ferris State in the #FrozenFour semifinals. Close, competitive game. I love college hockey! Go #ECAC!"
"En route to Nottingham with to see"
"No! Tebow signed w WME to handle things like personal appearances and the like. Might be interested in some acting, we'll see!"
"Our pistols will shoot your bobcat any day haha at least we have a reason to tailgate in SM!"
"#winesolveseverything and then some...enjoy your weekend!"
"or suck it up and put the nice pillowcases you paid for back on the pillows..."
"Hopefully doing better than he was in Zombieland. RT : Just shook hands with Bill Murray. It was accidental. Where is he now?"
"Enjoying my favorite Black Friday morning activity: relaxing, sipping coffee, and not shopping."
"Well maybe I'll see you there(:"
"Boy, that Neal Stephenson sure do write him some mighty big books."
"what? I was there last week and I saw nobody..,"
"33 in one day? I was feeling proud of myself for finally going over the 100 mark. You win the prize. Hint: It's"
"“: Apparently, zip lines are popular.”"
"The Avengers.. AMAZING."
"The only reason I wear pants or shorts in public is because it's frowned upon not to."
"well I am very much involved in a relationship, for 2 yrs now spoon we'll just be tweet buddies :-)"
"Happy Mother's day to Kate Hudson."
"And I don't think my Dad, the inventor of toaster's strudel, will be to pleased to hear about this...."
"The infamous wild Chihuahua packs that rove the streets of Savannah. Watch those ankles."
"ha! Agreed!"
"Q4 WW spaghetti w/ homemade sauce (using ground turkey); baking or grilling more vs. frying."
"I just finished a 7.05 mi run with Nike+ GPS."
"Ladies & gentlemen, we may very well have a full-blown constitutional crisis barreling down the tracks, headed our way."
"I know i miss you too, you should come here to maryland and visit"
"YIKES! RT : Apparently, Candace Bushnell's hubby was having too much sex in his city... He cheated & she filed for divorce!..."
"yal pray for me"
"Win Kelly Clarkson tickets this wknd on 105.1"
"go rays!!"
"The devil.is charlie sheening...4 more fatherless black kids smh"
"\"Do not let LinkedIn be a copy of your resume\" -- words of wisdom from on #DigiMe panel at"
"have a relaxing evening."
"thanks so much for the follow! Let us know if we can help with a new mattress or furniture!"
"“: I think our own ID is in constant flux\" couldn't agree more. Often wall off my different audiences/facets online #futrchat”"
"Mickey Mantle's greatest problem in his first five years in the majors was a tendency to strike out."
"Lots of interesting discussions here at RIT about future of technology and education. Charging around the campus like a loose electron!"
"hahah love it"
"You manufacture your future in the factory of your mind."
"Shorty got a friend and her friend got a friend too haa thats the kind of shyt i be into ft husband or wife-REMIX"
"you better follow back bitch ;)"
"I would think if they end up at #2 they take that LT from USC...that dude is a beast"
"WE BUY GOLD & SILVER ! WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 !"
"just did yoga for 1 hour and burned 336 calories. Total burned so far: 440908 calories! on 4/27/12 at 10:32 AM"
"Happy Birthday to my boy !!"
"Good morning everyone (good morning mentions please)"
"Cold and cloudy on the coast. Sunny and 98 in the desert and Vegas... I need to move."
"still got that SnapBack for you!"
"LAC gone get that ass slap wit both hands if they dont tighten up 4real"
"So you made it yesterday after all. Congratulations! Keep it up."
"CALL OF BOOTY: MODERN WHOREFARE"
"wow lol I'm going to come in their tonight to get my check"
"goodnight have alot of dream! cuz who doesnt like dreams;P"
"I'm changing the rulebook.. *members may hump the other runners if they look similar to any of the One Direction boys\""
"Just poured coffee down the front of my shirt. I have a feeling today is going to be a winner!"
"My birthday party (15) is on MLK day, Jan 16th, so maybe you are not shooting that day. Hope you can come."
"Where is all the snow? Not a fan of this rain at all...looking forward to the sunshine in Brazil very soon!"
"Shaved off the goatee. time to go to school :)"
"Stop throwing beach balls on the field"
"Don't let people judge you Cory ! Say how you feel bruh ! #KeepItTrill bruh ! 👏"
"When life hands you vandalism make vandalade!"
"Thank you Kobe for saving on Ron's Mistake."
"Just had to complete a finger scan to enter the #MagicKingdom. What kind of kingdom is this?"
"I don't hate this crowd but if I had to fill out invitations for my next show none of them would get one."
"oh thought you were gonna go chill wit somebody o.e"
"& can I be your best twitter friend? (:"
"morning ya'll"
"I'm chilling till yall calm down wit this basketball talk LOL"
"No. I have too much research to do"
"HELL YEAH a chance to see NORTHSIDE kick SALEM'S ASS! you know imma be up in there lol now watch i probably just jinxed it"
"see TT told us they wouldn't be the youngest team in the NFL in 2010"
"Headed to the new office - feels like the first day of school!"
"Countless number of big time players came out of Schenley HS in #pittsburgh Can't believe the School Board shut it down."
"how long is the car ride ?"
"Thinking for dinner, twice baked potato topped with caviar..."
"How about we have winter back?"
"When you really want to unfollow Someone on Twitter but you see them like every day. Then you wish you could unfollow them in real life."
"I see you have your mojo back."
"Water broke this morning! Working on getting some regular contractions going. Pain is good! Well, today."
": No. But recently I have been blamed for getting cancer!"
"Agree, but doesn't this feel a bit different?"
"Sublime, you never get old. ;)"
"That's great to hear! We'd love to hear how it goes! How are you using it?"
"You are most welcome! Have a wonderful weekend!!"
"you are crazy."
"is goin to jail tomorrow (and getting paid to go! - TV commercial - hah ! Gotchya!)"
"I just wanna be successful."
"#iplspring color trademarks: early cases (e.g. A. Leschen & Sons Rope Co. v. Broderick, 1906) were skeptical of color trademarks"
"you said he was 2nd biggest a few days ago (Stephen A., Skip, Jalen)"
"Kobe needs 38 pts for scoring title. gives Kings 8% chance for under. I say 17% if Artest elbows Kobe in pre-game huddle"
"Hahaha. You know what's crazy? You're still in the playoff picture!"
"\"I'll never let you go\""
"Our #3 is true-believer organizing campaign in AZ to recall bigot Russell Pearce & -"
"Just live your life! Stop crying over spilled milk."
"Home Remodeling San Diego"
"Great! Looking forward to it."
"Yes, please do keep us posted! :)"
"grow super old together :P"
"your voice is golden."
"Maybe NC State instead?"
"Not sore at all from insanity yesterday. What a pleasant surprise."
"I like the WR's we have but none of them are going to do anything special, need to atleast take a chance"
"“: Cansancio!” rest bro!"
"YW! Thx4 connecting me to new people & ideas on Twitter!"
"The Yellow Birds, about the Iraq war, sounds compelling."
"Estrada getting hit HARD to start the 4th."
"#2hours then i can sleep!(:"
"Looking forward to a great day at work!"
"Pops got me green tea!"
"got any friends/family in the LA area? im performing with #YMCMB YOUNG MONEY this monday and i have 40 tickets"
"Congrats, my friend!"
"But realtalk: how'd you accumulate that dust? :)"
"What games do you play?"
"sorry to hear that, I'll pray for a speedy recovery!"
"it won't let me follow u back"
"Looks like a Monday...of course it's Monday! Lol"
"Good morning tweeters"
"We're just having fun!"
"\"Swag\" Please follow me i followed"
"Not only do i look like a prick driving an Expedition in a dark blue suit. I'm tweeting like one."
"My mom just threatened to make me delete my Facebook. Um I've done that I would be happy to do it again"
"seeing is deceving, dreaming is believing, its okay not to be okay - Jessie j"
"This is going to be one of the longest months of my life."
"Just stopped in Atlanta, GA to hang out with our good friend Nick Collier downtown @ Tech."
"um, AWESOME!"
"could be or my pc might be where I go to disconnect"
"Hopefully donate their time to help out! What do u think?RT : How will retiring babyboomers impact the nonprofits"
"Face Magazine in China have approached us recently to do a piece on The 50 States Project"
"ahaha another time ;)"
"People will respond to you on Twitter if you are helpful to them says at"
"\" I'm Trying To Go To Sleep, But I Can't Help But Sing :) \" ."
"careful. you might end up in Novosibirsk."
"Robin has the right game plan, do what you gotta do & win money"
"At , where are making Phil Spector proud. Pre-accused-murderer Phil Spector, that is."
"Get better, bud. I too am laying off the sauce. Did damage!"
"In a word. Yes."
"Does your cereal talk to you?(: Lolol"
"thanks!! RT “: Same message to marketing/crew and everyone else! #FTB”"
"Do you have any unused logos from an old project? Just enter those logos into our logo market for a chance to make money!"
"I wish!! My kids don't want to go and neither does the husband. I'm cast adrift. (rim shot)"
"RT : #MoodCheck What are you feeling? What does that suggest you want? What does that suggest you need? How can you..."
"Just saw a rainbow...yay!"
"You're most welcome."
"Charlene is NOT THE BOSS...I run the spot with an iron fist!!! (she is also not on twitter, can you tell???)"
"I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now."
"the three stooges movie looks hilarious! i had no idea that the guy from will and grace was in it!"
"accor need to sort their aclub shenanigans out. it's confusing, one time i got a 15% dining discount, this time no discount. what the heck."
"You just reminded me how INFATUATED I am with Jaques Torres Chocolate Shake <3"
"YES! Culture change is certainly not quick and easy, but makes for lasting change."
"coping with my first orthodontia. i feel like i should be in 5th grade."
"not satisfied, probably gonna say they were created by the autobots or some ish."
"I cant stand people who are ALWAYS negative!"
"I'm just playing lol It wouldn't let me follow you but now it started working"
"I'm not too keen on Death Cab For Cutie, but that one sad song they have about the girl or whatever is pretty good, I guess."
"Jordan Taylor sinks his first shot as the shot clock buzzer sounds."
"Most definitely...I have a perfect area."
"thanks! We've been working on this for a while - Very greatful for the reception!"
"I hope it goes 19 innings. Sitting on my couch w nothing else to do. Upset about my #Caps loss. Already too many beers in!!!"
"I agree! I never want to do that!! I love basketball too much to stop it. The game must go on."
"\": Get off your phone your at a club. hahaha\"lol where r u"
"Facing one more of one of the most difficult days of my life. God wouldn't put me through anything I can't handle. RIP Grammy <3"
"How You have 2 First Names? Phillip Phillips! Like Mike Micheal's and John Johnson"
"He not bout that!!! TMT ALL DAY!!! RT : How much you got on that?"
"Yes! On Texas week. I'll prolly spend it half Austin half RGV"
"Thanks for the recommendation, Oli."
"I think Ima go home and get on that PS3"
"Yikes... \"gaps in earnings btwn hs grads and college grads are greater than gender and racial gaps.\""
"Moving national conversations about nonprofit leadership to the local. Impacting locally, sharing nationally"
"Why do people slash tires. Geez definitly one of a soldier. My husband had the car parked at work and someone slit our tire. So mad."
"Came into work on Monday morning as usual, despite spending 14 hours at Disneyland on Sunday. Yes, I do want a f*cking medal."
"You are amazing!!!!!!! Keep doing what you are doing"
"Can't move, won't move"
"I live in the States and am often in LA. Still no luck. Saw his shows live twice. Didn't offer M&G. Wanna run into him @ a bar"
"MINDS: Forcing something to be an event or big deal can really excite students and get them to be creative"
"Happy birthday Adele ^.^"
"Do not wish to be anything but what u R ! And try to be that perfectly !"
"those the magnet bracelets?"
"Thoughts and prayers go to George Karl(Penn Hills Alumni) & his family.As he begins to battle throat cancer.I wish him a healthy recovery."
"I'm black and asian? Why didn't you give me a brochure earlier?"
"Final episode of GK today!!! Go watch!!!"
"You got it all, you got the beauty and the brains. You got the wisdom and the smile and that's what's driving me insane"
"“I like thinking big. If you’re going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.” – Donald Trump"
"Tip:) an average blogger should have around 700 followers on Twitter it will def make a difference when brands are looking at your brand."
"Havent seen either but I am going to put my money on Human Centipede 2. Not many films intimidate me but A Serbian Film? yup"
"I haven't checked recently, but from what I remember...mine are Ginormous."
"haha why am i so weird"
"It was AWESOME...i'm so excited for new episodes!!!!:)"
"Decided to take the high road and act like I didn't know who he was. Introduced myself. Asked him what his name was. We're BFFs now. ;)"
"how could i erase that from my memory!? not even if i tried -yuck!"
"School today ."
"Batteries recharged (figuratively, literally); must post make-up tweets from Day 1 of #THATCampFL!"
"\"i'm going with beer, wine and salty snacks : ) #FoodieChats -totally agree!"
"Shit I Gotta Do"
"BUZZ, now available in Chinese e-book. If you can read Chinese, read some of the reviews ... in Chinese, of course."
"Neon green cords to work... #toosoon?"
"Thank you! In good company! xo RT"
": 103 main street at around 7??"
"U ARE SO BRUTAL ^_^"
"Went to bed at 6pm and now just woke up! I'm seriously a vampire! Lolz"
"Park & Columbia sounds exotic.."
"The idea of all-out nuclear war is unsettling."
"Nothing says, \"I don't care,\" quite like a birthday text."
"What teen homeless shelter?"
"\"His commitment as a board member, as a leader, as a man...I just want to say thank you.\" Frank Bisignano on Stephen J Meringoff."
"Watching Immortals with mom she gets freaked out for everything lol"
"I am determined to do this same yoga video until I can do it once through without falling over"
"#FF Our new company: - Free Facebook Skins for your Cover Photo/Timeline - Updated DAILY by MWW Designs!"
"I think chocolate should be on the seven deadly sins."
"My 5 year old daughter Skye loves Dance Moms and MacKenzie the best!! :)"
"Stupid is my enemy stupid hoes is so whack hahaha lol gtta love it"
"Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names. -John F. Kennedy"
"Sabino cracked that Gator nicely. I enjoy a smash mouth hit like that dished out by a Buckeye."
"Why Use Gas fireplaces Instead of Natural Gas Fireplaces | Heaters"
"In my Opinion, foursquare can use geolocation data to deliver even more hyper local ads when their users check-in. Great for SMB."
"When I'm in clinic it's my FP clinic so all is good, I'm talking about when I'm on the floors doing my inpt. surgery rotation."
"ion even know nobody talkn bout goin"
"RT : A1: After working w/ her on several projects, my color consultant referred me to one of my best clients."
"Buy One Get One Free: Men's Jackson Denim"
"Huge point saving BP."
"I have to see you tomorrow before one of us leaves..... :( left me hanging in study hall😱😏"
"Missing my Grandfather on his first birthday not with us. Always remembered."
"I wanna pucnh someone *stares at you* Which parts ? Maybe they'll work."
"On our way up to Jugs Hitching Post !!! Show starts at 9:30 !!!"
"Following Chazz. Thanks Dom, have a Happy Easter. I've started it off boiling crawfish all day."
"And we'll never ever ever ever ever leave each other"
"u r going to get chonchitos and cellulitis ' 😝"
"“: #flacon2011 I like David Lankes already!”. Me too."
"\"Though research shows consumers that are FB likes are much more likely to buy a product, make recommendations to friends.\""
"Dan! Hi"
"Uniqlo has not called me back. Hopefully the other 2 places I applied to, hire me soon. ^_^"
"A very special good morning to all those who supported my fundraiser! A special shot out on twitter to ! THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!"
"Joanne Kares' proudest achievement as an NJ librarian -- providing internet access to the public in the early 1990s. Nice!"
"Got a good workout in..... Just made it back to the Loft finna cool for a min"
"oh that sounds lovely. i may be in synagogue of all places (?) but i think it could work. i haven't been in so long!"
"Zach Randolph came to play tonight. This is how he played last year."
"Looking forward to Oklahoma City takin that 2-0 lead tonight!"
"Thanks for RTing our ele photo! I'll post a couple new ones today to share."
": which person?"
"One of our clients needs to buy a used portable baptistry by JUNE 3...can you help? please eM"
"In a very Disney mood... Princess and the Frog, Tangled, and Enchanted to keep my spirits high while studying biology!"
"still stop losing weight!!!!!"
"When you smile, I smile."
"doubt it. I dunno if we're still able to play."
"whats going on twitter"
"♬ Songwriters Amateur or Professional should be a member of even to give your support to a great organization ♬"
"I NEED MONEY"
"Amber Lynn. <3"
"MY EYES"
"<3 RT : Quote of the night. \"I've got all this built up pimperism in me.\""
"gotta work man :("
"Mitt Romney addresses AIPAC conference in Tampa."
"i love when niggaz act like big time niggaz is fuckin wit them when they not even close...they dont know yu dumbass....."
"Benefit \"Laughter is the Best Cosmetic\" House Party! #benefitfan. Would love to host"
"I'm such a hard person to buy a gift for unless you know me to the bone.i prefer card with money my fam knows this now after years and years"
"What are you doing today as a result of #EdCampColumbus? What was your Monday takeaway?"
"Fireworks CS6 has what looks like tight CSS and jQuery integration - It produces both! Potentially really interesting stuff."
"#schoolmemories I gave my teacher a apple and the bitch still gave me detention"
"Going out for a bit."
"We just made eye contact........she wants the D"
"yes! I'm making my german watch it but she is playing on her phone ):"
"haha, I saw that yesterday, I can't do that and I'm 30, she was amazing"
"#askaaron you mentioned the Giants faking injuries in the game, do you think the NFL needs to address this? and how?"
"Thanks David, and thanks for the shout-out!"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! I LOVE YOU"
"Got the internship!!!! Yes we are definitely kickin it today"
"I dare you to click my follow button! plz"
"Sessions...man up and be aggressive. You acting like the moment is too big for you"
"That, or eating brown sugar and maple syrup out of the bottle."
"Got a pretty decent laugh upon waking up today- love startin out on the right side of the bed!"
"Busy coding; great folks out there need the best web technology around to keep their dream alive ;^)"
"Nashville, here we come!"
"Thanks for not leaving any for us..."
": You'll note that I even prefaced my comment by saying, \"I'm sorry.\" Then he took it to twitter. So tell me more about \"tact.\""
"On TUesday Aug 7th wrestling will once again be at the Warren County fair. <OVER THE LIMIT12>"
"Contact B.C.N. today at www.bcnconcepts.com"
"Is it possible to catch the webinar later today?"
"A lot better than 's looks and sounds."
"A little more faith now?"
"How does the TimeWarner Cable Studios as far as Colleen knows sound?"
"my neighbors stole my treehouse, in a really slow, complicated, maneuver... i guess i'll never finish installing the floor tile"
"Teach me how to read. Teach, teach me how to read."
"Listen to our pal and amazing singer/songwriter on today! Simply Folk, 5pm."
"In route to Napa! Harvesting Pinot Noir grapes all weekend. Cheers!"
"Don't you suppose Warren Buffett's move on BoA is politically motivated? He is up to his shoulders in Democratic politics."
"\"We're a favorite setting for private parties, #banquets, and #family celebrations. Call (317) 264-3585 to speak to a catering consultant!\""
"Sign us up for your show! We've been surviving zombies on our webseries since forever (about 6 months-ish)"
"I'm good and you?"
"There is only one that will never leave nor forsake us, one that moves towards us and not away in moments of adversity. Thank GOD!"
"I have urged coverage. I think we're working on it? Missed the start."
"Explain how I got 3 tests tomorrow but tomorrow is Friday"
"At Firm Solutions Unlimited LLC, we help our clients leverage their resources to design a platform that delivers results."
"that is the saddest blackout story I have ever heard."
"Former #YukonQuest champion Aliy Zirkle currently leading the #Iditarod - will she be the first woman since Susan Butcher in 1990 to win?"
"Saturdays live on with ! $1 margaritas till 11 and $3 empire shots...ladies and military free till 11!"
"We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same - Carlos Castaneda (RT )"
"Theres nothing i love more than pie"
"Just heard the song Savior by for the first time. Genius."
"god has a plan for you. you might go through the bumps and the hardships but in the end god only wants to very best for you. he loves you."
"Big and bossy.."
"it happened as you were texting me :("
"I wonder if I have hw.....idk.....how can I check?????leaves me wondering"
"im glad that you show up and dance ... y'all the best!!!"
"Madaris and Cox... nice work Dantonio. Nice work on them all."
"I HATE that i let you down."
"Bored anyone on"
"Things start out as hopes and end up as habits."
"OH: I'm not here to get you to drink the koolaid"
"Hey everybody it's me Mason who is outside playing in the mud getting ready for the run April 14th."
"I want you to stay with me, by my side, I swallow my pride. Your love is so sweet, it knocks me right off of my feet (:"
"Apparently, moon pies are the next dessert sensation. Death to the cupcake."
"I HATE THAT ! it happens to every team ! yayayayay , at least he got it back !"
"A special thank you to the 2012 #SoMeAwards Planning Committee: , , , ,"
"Just woke up for today... going over my aunts house idk what else ima do..."
"Luke ridenour looks like he mighthave downs syndrome"
"Rooting for Nets to win last game in Jersey & for to take care of business vs Raptors. Could set up huge game Wed. vs 76ers in Milw"
"And now there are at least two pigeons in that person's room...!! Holy sh*t."
"Funny: Coughlin didn't really touch the Plax stuff, saying only of the comments, \"I'm sure they were grandiose.\""
"have fun! you deserve it.!"
"What’s that smell? It’s the freshly ground and roasted Indian spices. Coming soon , Klay Oven Kitchen!"
"Yay for finally finishing my accounting homework!!!"
"“Declare yourself to be a contribution... accepting that you may not understand how or why.” ~Rosamund Stone Zander & Benjamin Zander"
"yes even more bomb with this heat lol"
"If you're in the NYC area on Sunday, May 15th, come out to our launch event at Red Bull Arena."
"Mamba! Hard to believe.. are still in this game!"
"like angels!"
"#WHERE ARE SOME LOCAL ORGANICS FARMS"
"If some1 wants to book an artist in your area, having ur profile location set to something cute like \"Where the $ @\" doesn't help."
"✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Create a tagline or slogan that is catchy and describes your business."
"March 15th, The Ides of March. Quit Netflix in protest of their continued support of Limbaugh."
"Listening to #Saysomething :) It is fabulous! I love you: D"
"hi, my day went very well. The weather is great 75 degrees and sunny. I was thinking about you and hoped you were happy."
"Include grandparents, other relatives, and friends whenever possible."
"\"What Would Oprah do?\" Probably not the best option either. I'm not sure how that would come across at the Pearly Gates. C'mon, Let me in!"
"Finally got my six flags season pass!! But I don't like my pic."
"Q: \"What is libel?\" A: \"When you are held libel for something you knowingly disobeyed and lied.\""
"Taliat Tarsinov will be at CCB this weekend. Call the studio now to book your lessons as he's filling up fast! (202) 363-8344"
"Downloading mad games to my ipod for when i go out and im bored and for when my nieces and nephews and little cousins ask to use my ipod"
"Procrastination Alert: You could wait for the market to go back to the way it was but it will never go back to pre-Internet days."
"To guy outside library in the middle of nowhere: \"The library's closed.\" \"Really? That's gay.\" \"You win this time...\""
"I'm at Adobo this Friday night come and enjoy music on their patio with friends and cold beverages"
"I like jary"
"and your future is very bright (:"
"boys can dream, right?"
"www.facebook.com/lastcallromance"
"tis true. Oh how I do love mlb.tv"
"Oh me too!"
"Shout out to my 232nd follow # followmondays"
"Yes a QLC may stand as an \"excuse\" BUT if u haven't \"figured it all out yet\" u must seek clarity & map out ur own authentic joy! :)"
"Lots of fog at the San Diego Airport this am. Interesting to watch planes fly in over Pt. Loma & out over the city. Opposit the norm."
"He does it again!!!!! Thunder Win!!!!!"
"thanks! Congrats on the new job, p.s!"
"Now they're jamming Heart in the production dept. THAT I can get behind."
"Hope your Thursday is going well + ! Thank you for being our newest followers."
"Is anyone else concerned about the long lines at unemployment and rising.However #Obama thinks it is improving"
"\": Girls with that natural beauty >>>>\""
"My ears are burning...go ahead and talk. Whisper, whisper..."
"You're a secret Juggalo. You just want to have a giant Faygo shower!"
"You're welcome! I'd like to invite you to follow my page!"
"throwin up that big ole \"W\" comin out the west"
"sorry dude. Ann Jillian was NOT the best thing about 'It's A Living'"
"I have a recurring dream where I buy a super nintendo and in a flea market and when I get home to play nothing works"
"but its my boyfrannnn"
"Murfreesboro, the new Brooklyn? several religions peacefully side by side :)"
"RT Okay I'm going hard in the paint with my health (diet,exercise,SLEEP) no more games! I need to whip it in shape!"
"headache coming on so late .. :("
"I'm making my bigger millefiori earrings again. It's the size I nearly always wear & have been getting lots of interest in the larger size."
"Woohoo! I finally got a follower :) Thank you haha"
"Why are you posting mean q's about yourself? Ur not cocky or a whore, just love yourself!"
"What are you getting into today? Hanging out anywhere?"
"lmao u kno niyah bad anyways... N all she do is pick wit u every time u come around"
"Into the eye of the storm...figuratively and literally!"
"Houston Astros, Brett Myers close to multiyear contract extension"
"I'm not racist at all. I fucking hate everybody."
"Thanks for the follow!"
"#CQ5 caching problems are going to be the death of me"
"It was fine except for the crazy wind & rain! yes, we should! Fringe fest? :D"
"Lawd. RT & talkin bout just the tip with their ratchet selves"
"just remeberd we were talking about swinging baby fetus's by the legs into poles"
"Cruel intentions on netflix >>>>>>"
"Leave corner shops out of it!!! And yes I did very much, it made me smile ;) x"
"Thanks Nick - you're very kind!"
"Coffee has kicked my nerves into Mach 3, and the presentation is 19 days away. OMG starting a countdown doesn't help!"
"FYI, my lovely wife has a great new site, www.TamaraTunie.com. She is also tweeting. Pass thru and check it."
"Another fun night with the Tommy peeps! Always a great time with them. Such an amazing & talented group!"
"Lenny Kravitz was so amazing as Cinna in the hunger games 'We're here to help you make an impression' :O"
"I didn't lol..I turned the channel lol and he get a home run...GREAT"
"Please help my friends get on a new show by the producers of amazing race!!! Please repost!!"
"I tried to license an image from Corbis, they wanted $150 for a digital image for personal use. Obviously they didn't make a sale."
"Harrison I don't have your number to talk! But facebook me or email me and we shall talk about it!"
"thx for the follow!"
"Thanks for reaching out."
"\": Can't decide!! Aren't they all so good for it being the first week?! \"who watched dancing with the stars??? who is your fav?\""
"Im gonna wear my solidarity hoodie to work all week"
"Someone once said \"A mind is a terrible thing to waste\" In my case it's \"My mind is a terrifying thing to have\"."
"PoP NW DC GUEST: DJ Tatiana Fontes! OPEN BAR 9-10 & LADIES 21+ FREE SHOTS IN VIP ALL NIGHT! TXT me names 4 Guest List: 7034073810"
"Chris just tweeted the strangest song....ever lmao"
"Great time at Tequila Night, cigars topped it off nicely."
"Any body remember the movie Brink on Disney Channel? Why don't they play it anymore??"
"Amazing show last night with Kylie Minogue....before I forget!"
"I really needed a little NW recharge this weekend."
"I hate folding metal chairs"
"\": I know some people are furious with me flooding their timelines up haha whoops!\" I don't mind Suga'. Cudi Love!!"
"“: *twerks as i study about some nucleic acids*” yaaaasssss"
"What an AMAZING evening of theatre I shared with Go see Wit at now! Cynthia Nixon is literally breathtaking."
"I'm the night, so you're gonna marry me anyway. Lol :P"
"yeah that number I texted you from is my new number"
"It's a #Troy night out"
"A/B experiment? RT using this title? \"Those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable.\""
"got the 08 cab as a gift"
"Listening to some Gustav Mahler from a recommendation from Ignite Baltimore 9. Not disappointed!"
"well, does it ever stop?"
"Walla Walla Washington"
"nope it's central jersey, we head south tomorrow night to cape may I think"
"Sag Actor available if needed for your projects"
"A Best Director lineup that includes Malick, Scorsese, and Woody in the same year is just fine by me."
"um k I'm eating a sandwich do you want those leftovers too?"
"RT me so I know it's real"
"Standing out front of Chipotle with a couple who is playing Words with Friends together on their phones. The smack talk is adorable."
"I dunno, I know of two or three friends who want to go! Could be as big or as small a group as we want."
"I'm hoping the rain doesn't mess up any plans for the weekend. :|"
"I want to but idk when u.u"
"That is an excellent quote, one borne out in his decision to retain my services."
"Lol just when I felt bad for you. Hoe."
"I wish summer would hurry up and come so I can go to Austin and party everyday with :))"
"How are you treating your cough? I sure hope you heal quickly. I get that too often & it's NO fun!!"
"#HIRING #TAMPA #ST PETE #ACCOUNTING searching for Corp Tax professional candidate for Fortune 500"
"I miss my cousin jobie"
"Iron Man."
"What makes a company great is not primarily its top leaders, but the quality of its innumerable everyday ones. - John Holmes"
"Four day weekend! Yay!"
"Can't stop watching Gotta love Netflix!"
"thanks!!! See you there! RT“: Oh sweet lord... i LOVE soundtrack! Dayton needs to get here!”"
"You would never know if you could ever be if you never try you would never see."
"i need followers"
"Love the people who treat you right and love the ones who don�t-from a distance-allowing them to BE in their own way"
"Verizon Wireless expanded its 4G LTE network in 27 new markets Tuesday and another 44 by the end of the week. With the expansion, Verizon's…"
"I'll see what I can do about it…must be an encoding issue w/ PHP."
". My Sweet One/Contact/Esther for originals. For covers... I'd lose my shit if I saw Foreplay/Longtime."
"(Forgot about you not watching many movies. :)) That's right, Capt America was the motorcycle dude."
"you are a disgrace to young strong independent hardworking and unprivileged women"
"How is #wineriot ?"
"You should hear! It hit Leander a bit ago..just opened door & peeked..it's calmed down..electricity only went out 4 a while!"
"I did not say that"
"nice try Bucky-- let's hope the Packers have better luck tomorrow!"
"They say 7.4 now, still quite large. RT : Hearing of an unconfirmed, (unconfirmed) 7.6 super quake hitting Mexico."
"Long day of talking today, makes my brain tired, but also realize open communication is critical to business leadership & success1"
"Just completed my first app of the day for a pharmacy tech since all u need is a h.s diploma"
"#NP Take The Box by Amy Winehouse."
"Baltimore! Free breakfast at Ikea, Saturday Dec. 26 until 11am! Whao! No purchase required."
"SO 2 Perfect timing. We're pulling 2gether new content now. Can you hit me at"
"Do not regret growing older, it is a privilege that far too many do not have."
"At the airport on my way to NAB in Vegas. Need to see if I can grab a commuter flight to LA for the PTFC match tonight"
"Your twitter account has been hacked. We recommend you change your password now."
"I need that...."
"its not too bad during the day"
"Reorganizing the spice cabinet and I unknowingly bought extra A LOT. Boo for being too lazy to look around the cabinet."
"This is strange because, unstrangely, I'm not a fan of cannibalism. I wouldn't want to put my teeth on any of these people."
"I'm listening to that right now!"
"\"The fairest thing we can experience is the mysterious. It [stands] at the cradle of true art & science.\" A label of dreams"
"I do! Come to Abq or LA when I'm there in a week and a half"
"Not surprising that he's been around."
"the #Orioles bullpen ERA has been Berken'd"
"The ego is fear based & doesn't recognize or understand truth. It's like a small child that requires discipline and boundaries."
"Let the #debauchery begin at for #stpattysday! Text FREE to 35350 for a chance at prizes from Mo's & ! See you there!"
"one of these new trash rappers I was looking up had one album w one single but a greatest hits album -_-"
"I ain't ever changin my mind"
"how do we get in touch w the kid who does those amazing books?"
"When did \"Psych\" become \"Sike\"? Am I missing something?"
"Tertullian was okay until he wasn't."
"you look pregnant, stop fucking with soo many dudes girl respect your body damn my nigga"
"fuck both of y'all lol..."
"We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!"
"Just thinking...when will a woman be the feature guest at the #whcd?"
"#foreveralone ?!?! Are you kidding! Hahaha your the sweetest guy, anybody would be lucky to havee you<3"
"Devastated to hear about the death of Whitney Houston. I remember jamming out to her on my Walkman back I'm the day. :("
"To think it's been a year and change since we played our first show"
"Lately everyday has been chill."
"RT : Breaking News from : BGB Technology picks #Chesterfield for their 1st US facility"
"Roger girls love"
"Seems like the Reps. grew some cojones and yold it like it is. The Incentive pkg. Is all lib pork. Mrkt is not happy."
"Hi Frank, I got your email reply to follow you here and just wanted to introduce myself."
"flowers, people, landscapes, makeup, honesty, love, kindness, prayer, music, friends ~"
"The local library has reduced hours, no doubt to save on personnel costs. Do you really need more reasons to be financially free?"
"I agree the AL east will have 3 playoff spots."
"Original iPad. But still own and occasionally use a PowerBook G4."
"Looks like murder defendant Juan Antonio Rivera, who just sent away jury, is about to take a plea agreement instead."
"and yes, we're ILTHON-ing."
"i wish the bust of Nikola Tesla in my office was also a Tesla Coil."
"Thank you for following us! If there was ONE tweet we could tweet about you or yr business, what would it be? Please DM me"
"#manningtodenver “: Mario Williams gets a six-year deal from the Buffalo Bills.”"
"you'll do great just like me. :-)"
"So if your auto-DM to new followers ends with a ?, you need to follow them to get a response. Might explain the silence."
"What do I search under to find that?"
"GO GIRL!!!"
"I'm stronger than this emotions...But there taking over me"
"You can never cross the ocean if you don't have enough courage to leave the shore."
"I love art"
"Join us Sat & Sun 12-6pm for Annual Holiday Open House. Free hot mulled Wine, Food Samples, Wine & merchandise Sales, gift ideas, and more!"
"good job! Please don't watch next week!"
"Your always on my mind. Theres nothing I can do to make it stop I seriously LOVE you and it's not a lie...  I just wish you felt the same"
"Only if you come party with me Saturday night at Kremlin!"
"Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?"
"oh thank Resurrected Jesus. I thought that I missed that class in seminary. I don't get it either."
"U R welcome :]"
"If you're a fan, then you're my fam #Ka$hquotes"
"I know #IStayFresh and clean B)"
"cool, I'll probably get a job this summer because I really want to save up to move out. haha."
"I feel like someone got mad at me for using the bathroom last night?"
"Gloriously beautiful day! Now I am full of barbequed ribs!"
"told you gonna happen again like that next game"
"Gotta love Thanks to everybody who has pre ordered! 8 days left."
"At least Woodward & Bernstein got Felt to go on background. You won't even name the teams your sources are on."
"Heard the event went really well last night Sorry I wasn't able to be there."
"swapping out short term wins for longer term investment to bolster change?"
"Who are your favorite Seattle food reviewers? #bloggers #press etc?"
"Yay for for making this #interweb #infonightmare a dream come true...."
"Enjoyed \"Why it's hard to invest sensibly\"...a realistic assessment for the average investor...thanks in advance if you follow back!"
"So according to my DM spams, seems like everyone is talking about me."
"Game time! Let's go Celtics!!!"
"Good idea!"
"The European Tire Market 2011-2015"
"u make it last night? Do you cook/grill?"
"Hope Rick brought a red tie to change into at half. Always wear a red tie gotdamnit!"
"Thanks for following me! :)"
"it's a healthy obsession. I've cut down"
"And a BIG shout-out to the clever and talented folks in the UK for the #ff. Everyone go check them out, please."
"'A Year of Living Generously' or some such like that, I would blog about social ventures/for profit companies who donate their"
"#rahmemanuel is Chicago mayor. Wow! Love his \"humble victory\" speech."
"Craving sushi right now"
"I just saw this now I just got home lol and no I didn't I got a new number!"
"Their will be a #giveaway please stay tune and tell your friends to like this page and on twitter"
"Scale without substance is not sustainable"
"Still amazed that in the 21st century where logic is spelled out for us, people continue to vote for illogical policies #North Carolina"
"in t-minus 30 seconds Ozcat Radio is about to do the radio premiere of 4 tracks from our new album Cautionary Tales"
"#askbrian When you come to Pittsburgh how about doing guest vocals on one of my songs? I have 1 called Train to Jersey."
"I try"
"if you don't care"
"Congratulations to of !!! This year's #2011SCOREAWARDS Lou Campinelli award winner"
"Thanks so much!"
"None of my warm weather clothes are \"school appropriate.\""
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY RAY RAY!!! <3"
"how's it going. Just bagged my first BIG bond. Crazy."
"fun filled day with"
"Short Taiwan stock market is good."
"I was caught up in his lust"
"Christ is either Lord of all, or He is not Lord at all. -Hudson Taylor"
"Iran Nuclear Weapons: Israel General Claims Ayatollah&#39;s Are &#39;Rational&#39; - Are They?"
"Taking a cab to church -_-"
"My net connection is having diarrhea. I just need to get a decent 30 mins online! Please! :("
"RT : SM can have humanizing ability to reconnect our community to our representatives."
"Ha Night (:"
"PRAY FOR ME PHYSIO EXAM TOMORROW NEED TO KILL IT 🙏🙏🙏"
"DAMN MEMPHIS! THEY BLEW IT"
"RT if you need followers Thanks Also This site on Staining Concrete Floor"
"it doesn't feel like i have a final tomorrow."
"World Peace suspended 7 games."
"Mommas got it!"
"I'm a huge fan of the idea of trading down into the late 1st or early second and getting more picks. Could help get a FS too."
"yeah it's Kool"
"holy shit. Please tell me you said hi"
"I think you should try a combanation of both like some singing the acting then singing etc."
"it's sunday-the are playing and I'm going to the only bar in Milwaukee that knows their fight song. Forward down the field!"
"Corps LOVE to move factories to 3rd world commie countries. No environ protect, slave labor/wages, shoot union organizers."
"Wally West well written. #youngjustice nice nod to Count Vertigo continuity from GA short. Queen of Vlatava FTW!"
"it's only 1:12 in the morning. I'm usually still up. I just don't tweet this time of night."
"Shooting DREK tomorrow morning in #UnionSquare! :) This is going to be fun!"
"#CUBUFFS win this game. I'm callin it"
"Watching my strange addiction and this women is addicted to drinking her own urine. Word! Thats nasty:("
"If I had a racehorse, I'd name it Haulin' Oates."
"I am the punishment of God...If you had not committed great sins, God would not have sent a punishment like me upon you"
"I GOT A HUG TODAY. I can go back to bed, today has officially been won."
"#bertuzzi great goal!!!! Knew youd have it"
"Hustling for and loving it. Just so much exciting stuff happening right now. :)"
"Get ripped like Elite Personal Trainer Max \"The Body\" at Hollywood Body Club"
"a little treat, we have to go backto russets soon unfortunately. Order a rye manhattan next time to wash them down."
"Hey so-called \"geeks\" who like Lord of the Rings. The guy who watched Star Trek: The Next Generation has you beat."
"SHOW ON JAN 28th. Marquis theatre with some of denvers best Bringin it and Break through beautiful"
"yes PLEASE!"
"Great show at the ..thanks guys!"
"Don't miss Dance Yes We Can! featuring a wide variety of dance talent from the DC region. Tickets only $25 at www.shakespearetheatre.org"
"Saw the second #GIJoe film trailer, Bruce Willis at the end was hilarious!"
"my mom mad some qood meatloaf , lol but i aint tell zay ion want her to be mad"
"What an AMAZING job ! So effing proud of you!!!!"
"I just ordered a copy of 'My Mother Was an Upright Piano' short stories by - what a great title! Very excited :)"
"Bryce Harper has a F'ing cannon."
"Off to a great start today. Traffic was light & office is quiet. Time to get some work done. :)"
"Anyone live in or near #Wausau, WI? Come hear Irie Sol tonight at 10:00!"
"Wanna hear a joke I heard about a funny guy named Michael who corrects everyone if they don't speak with"
"Thinking about school ending so soon gives me anxiety"
"At the dentist...am I the only one who loves getting my teeth cleaned??"
"“: helo”Same to you! Have a beautiful day!"
"I lol'd at your attempts of making me mad."
"“: \"I love being alone\"...she lies. ” WHO REMEMBERS THE OLLLDD RECORD"
"I think I'm gonna head to bed. Night!"
"Do TNT and TBS have trouble selling premium ad time, or does their plan to pound new shows into the ground before they start really work?"
"Pretty dope day at work, super chill hustle game"
"Just heard that Whitney Houston just passed away"
"i'll check it out. i liked prison break but sometimes it felt like they were making it up as they went along."
"is at Hilton New York they have tons of gveaways and sponsors will send you stuff to review"
"Finally have internet @ home!!! No more #StarBucks lol ;)"
"Time to face a new week. Whats ur thought on dangerous children?, hunger games? More than meets the eye..."
"dude where are you?"
"it is called a urban farm.. ;)"
"Heading over to Hendersonville to start getting my new place ready to move into! Excited. I'll be living on the lake. Funny how life works"
"#ASTD2012 went to the wrong room and couldn't sneak out but made the most of it. it was a pretty good panel on leadership trends."
"Hairbag saved my life."
"what kind of sushi?"
"Don't drink and drive, but always tweet and slide!"
"Off to Florida with :D"
"When I look at all these tents, I think, YES, USC spans the map of the intellect from books to WHAT'S NEXT!"
"im about 2 hav 1000 people i follow but i only hav 279 people out of 873 but im still gratful tho i just want a little more followers"
"to keynote , , and about Open and Agile: Accelerating Change and Institutional..."
"Lady said I won the award for the most contacts hitting 606! Did that get me a free case or car changer? No! Best purchase tho!!"
"Sorry for venting..."
"Rember that, love is, is what I got."
"Vou fazer um desenho inspirado no clip de i do't love u"
"I have yout number silly girl! (: but ill be calling you TOMORROW as in Wednesday"
"Ya, see what u mean with it not being overly produced."
"on the side with some southern comfort.lol happy turkey day Blake."
"\" “ If you lost your virginity 2 a tampon,Im judging u” I lost my virginity to my tampon.\" hows that possible?"
"ARTS will be at Jack Johnson concert today in Chula Vista. Come to our booth in the Village Green! 6:30pm: jack will play an acoustc set!"
"please reply or call me!"
"wheww! the hard disk filled but i cleared some space and it's fixed. we've had registrations than i had anticipated! :)"
"Fact of the day: You don't have to go to church on Ash Wednesday, its not a Holy Day of Obligation"
"I'm so jealous! I have a prior commitment until 8, so I'll be dashing to Water Street right after, likely missing Mrs. Skannotto."
"Hey!! I'm liking Austin more & more each day. Still finding my niche though..."
"Oh & cant forget my bestie <33"
"Good morning everyone follow me and I will def follow u rite :)"
"he meant to say \"too many whiskies\" but he's foreign."
"♬ Happy Birthday Tony Bennett \"Stranger in Paradise\" \"I Left My Heart In San Francisco\" ♬"
"While offensive the \"Eh, not good enough\" line was hilarious."
"its over..its done and theres nutthin u can do about it..that's it..it's done"
"The only thing I know is that MCLA board had nothing to do with final decision to close down Collegelax"
"We're working on new material tonight and PUMPED about it!!"
"L'shana tova to all who are celebrating! Here's to a sweet New Year full of health, happiness and success!"
"#LA is a small world! Ran into at Warner Bros studios!!"
"cool! Ill be here from 12-2p, come see me before u go to ur picnic;)"
"All time low <3"
"So I could take my son to his first Mets game in Atlanta, but do I want his first game to be a home or road game? Thoughts?"
"ya'll are sO funny. I rather get in trouble for being nice than being selfish... But, I appreciate the advise"
"Making plans for our rescuer film shoot in Lithuania the end of July."
"Good morning people remember to smile, you just might make someone's day better."
"I feel dirty listening to jay and ye in Chicago without you"
"Now that the transmedia formula has been proven by Top Chef, how can that be scaled to other show on Bravo? And will it be?"
"Victoria Please Follow Me"
"I get mad when people go out of their way to tell me they're a pescatarian."
"Dreamt that I made an appointment at LA Ink and was halfway through a half sleeve when I realized I had no fucking money to pay the guy."
"Oh man...what was that?"
"taking my core classes first, this summer I'll have one left & room for others - I'll check LSC 756 out!"
"I cant wait to see in June at the comcast center !!"
"So awesome! What was the other old song they played? It was between Underneath the Sycamore & Death of an Interior Decorator...."
"My twitter dead, sorta"
"why my account spamin' WTF ! had a stupid day..."
"Had To Have Some Time Alone With God & Talk About My Future So Now It's Time To Just Do Me & Get To Work :) Thank God For Everything ♥"
"After all the dust has settled, happy to still have 11 of the #sweet16 on my bracket. Including #mubb of course"
"Welcome to ! You will fall in love:)"
"wonderful! And I need ur email 2 send u some info! Please DM us, thanks xx"
"Yes lol wackberry. Ok so I need to dwnld the app..I hope its free. Lol"
"For a good time, call 606-4311. Ask for Candy."
"Fuck it lm go in all my niggas work places and tell them to tell they bosses to kiss they ass cause they quit..."
"thank u 4 following"
"My #fridayreads is Eugenides' The Marriage Plot."
"Wow... JLo... can we even show this on FOX at 8:40pm?"
"Just did a little victory dance. Got quite a few stares and weird looks but I don't even care!"
"Gonna try that tomorrow am! Thanks hun!"
"FirstWeber and Chris Lukens would like to help you with your real estate today. Can I help you today? Chris Lukens."
"oh also, that's after opening his profile by clicking his name. THEN hover his profile pic. def. easier to do in tweetdeck"
"- I appreciated the practical, realistic webinar: start with a pilot project, show returns quickly, add modules as needed..."
"melted over lobster ravioli"
"Had a long day. Came home to , Indian food and Everything is a lot better now."
"Hollywood Hills roads are crazy !! Gesh ! ... Varsity Lounge here I come !"
"Need some pop bands for a showcase in november! Email"
"\"Why? The answer is simple: Music is a cultural artifact, and the culture has moved on.\""
"Sometimes we have our demons. Right now mine are brewing. I'm trying my best to beat them away. Sometimes it's hard."
"“: Did you know there is such a thing as chocolate creme filled Twinkies?\"---I just had deep fried bacon in WI, even better!"
"Congrats on the App Store Deal ;-D"
"thks 4 vids & other links. if you want me 2 tweet it just add 2 let me no. dont send me a message i get 2 much, mostly spam"
"if cats are piled up is it still called a dog pile?"
"I was actually thinking that minutes ago...how about for the Kindle Fire?"
"Moving speech about #Turkistan from a #weeger at #toastmaster meeting. Research this #humanrights topic - wow!"
"History says today will go great or horrible. I have not had insomnia so bad that I got 0 hrs sleep in over a year. There goes that!"
"cry loud inside sometimes i jus wanna die-Tyler the Creator"
"Nintendo 3ds spot pass is awesome! Some people make some weird miis... technology"
"Happiest of Birthdays to You!"
"Nat debt is almost 16 Trillion, you idiot!"
"Philly Bound bout to go prom shopping"
"\": I feel like we watch more commercials than the actual episode.\"We do actually.lmao"
"#BBCAfricadebate The locals have complained abt the Chinese people employing people for cheap labour in their business"
"This is gonna be a long couple of days"
"Only 2 days until What Happened In Vegas and more at ilounge! Come like our facebook page, were giving away tickets @ midnight."
"HEY, How is this Gorgeous,insanely SeXy girl....NOT in ur MAG??? Signed ..a soon to b leaving subscriber!"
"Tomorow is gonna be great, i get to get out of school early, perform a play, then go to formal with my bestfriend. [ ]"
"Lord, I want to yearn for You."
"Me - its raining outside Nikki - are u serious?! F***, I don't have a hood (looks over shoulder) oh wait ya I do. STUDYING SUCKS!"
"Always be friends with the girl that brings food"
"wow, i now have 900 followers on twitter. do i get a prize or something? :)"
"What is up with the yellow block on Katy Perry's head? Does she think she's on Seasame Steet representing shapes??"
"Always - Drama is an actor's middle name... ;)"
"woohoo! Have a great Spring Fling!"
"Thanks for having me on"
"I haven't even been able to bring myself to say the words, happy baby bunnies and eating chocolate day my atheist pals!"
"#loveyou thanks for being here<3"
"The new website looks great! Airsoft and Video pages still have the old menus, but so far I like the look of RCPowers 3.0!!"
"Is in the mood for a Dos-A-Rita or Pina Colada."
"It's rather \"cleansing\" :)"
"that's cool! Check out !"
"White is the number 1 car color—probably because it doesn't show dirt as easily. But don't be fooled! White cars still need regular washes."
"“: Tequila 1800” <--- it was so good haha"
"#2wordsasianpeoplefear You Failed."
"My belief is stronger than your doubt"
"Anthony Davis, Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Harrison Barnes, McAdoo, all here."
"I'm a soft touch. But your Stand Alone had me pausing at times to compose myself before finishing. You're so good!"
"I'm all for sexy....but make sure its not Scott that is doing it!! haha"
"Its 's birthday,so lets help her to get Justins atention,and wish her a happy sweet 16."
"To clarify, this event Daniel is hosting is at 6pm this evening. Bring artistically and politically minded people!"
"Did it ever occur to some ppl that a guy will do right for the right female..."
"Lock landed :)"
"the razor blades of home sliced into my whispering lips."
"I forgot how great can be! Informed, engaging political television, it exists."
"I wanna go camping."
"I can't. To hear you on the D-list...not talking about the #brewers wearing the powder blue uniforms soon"
"Maybe it then....."
"As of today, I have a 21-year-old kid. Can you believe that shit?"
"I been getting a little to fond of sushi lately, all started spring break"
"Bruce Bruce is going in on this chicks coat."
"Have a blast!"
"We are #outlaws but i'm still waiting on 's response. though both her and me are underage."
"Definitely. C-Pete was going to set up something up. Admiral, Alaska or Morgan Junction?"
"hey Louis how you doing you probably will never see this but can you follow me I would love that :)"
"Thanks for your help"
"Somebody needs to do something stupid...all the trending topics on Twitter suck tonight."
"Man I sure am enjoying having my office outside...a beautiful day out on Mass Ave if you want to stop on by and talk some business"
"Didn't realize there was an overlap between goths and folk music. That's an unexpected Venn diagram."
"Companies to Follow"
"Sorry for all the tweets this afternoon! I'm on a mission to get 50 more tutors this month for my #MLK Challenge!"
"who's going to be the 1,000 follower?! thank you so much for the support :)<3"
"Have you seen The General? Another terrific one for him."
"It's a shame when you see someone you love lose their ambition :/"
"Feel less special than u know u are? Look in the mirror. The person staring back at u is the only 1 who can make u feel the way u deserve"
"Us too. It would insult me."
"Coming Soon! Either Touch Screen Tablet or 10\" Lap Top for Professional Medical Personel use! Stage 2 HITECH has started.Happy Day All! LPMR"
"thanks sister! I have faith you will be celebrating too!"
"THIS…IS…JEOPARDY!!!"
"hey Paula, I remember a day you called yourself the bean lady, am I crazy?? This Is a legitimate question!!"
"Call it murda' murda' , when you smoke my killlllllla'."
"To answer ur question, all repairs are done \"while you shop\" we are fast at fixing any of your jewelry repair needs :)"
"hahaha this picture made my night! I officially need snap shots with my cats!"
"-Haha yes I do!TY love! Miss u & miss styling your beautiful self!I am so in love with the looks for your CD! xox"
"Aww thanks hun! Yes I'm fine, just crazy with school & stuff. Graduation is just around the corner so getting ready to be old lol"
"We all know what that can feel like! Sorry man"
"\": These drunk people outside my house <<<\" rite tho, same here !"
"did you get diagnosed with a dairy allergy?"
"100th tweet:) dedicated to I <3 you!"
"Dropped my iPod on the tile floor AGAIN"
"I completely lost every reason to go into Hollywood on Saturday... wanted to go to the Pinot tasting at K & L"
"Could you give a bit more info??? The rumors are crazy!"
"Oh #happy day!"
"Thanks to Bob Wikstrom from Jerden Records for coming by my Puget Sounds class and screening his film on NW rock, radio, and Louie Louie!"
"Milla Jovovich is Sexy to me especially in her Resident Movies! Lol"
"I honestly have no idea whats gunna go down tomorrow."
"<<<<<< WHo grinds more then dis young lady rite here????? #DUDLETBOYZ #SALUTE aye they got talent ova dere"
"To name the mystery without will kill that mystery within."
"I'm officially a hot mess"
"\": Spending some time tonight watching a DVD... #GetBetter #FollowBack\" Thanks Joe! Hope you can make the events!"
"We don't officially know the facts that Das ruled on, sure, but he ruled independently based on whatever they were."
"The word is out of the tomb. Christ Jesus has done what he said He would do. He is Risen! .......He has Risen Indeed!!!"
"Thanks! I was wondering about that ;)"
"Of course I'm sitting RIGHT NEXT to junior baby son of a bitch who is already crying smh"
"Let me get off this damn twitter and finish cleaning and packing up my shit!"
"Gud morning creeps"
"It just kicked in for me today. This morning is was the usual, then I came back and it was changed."
"Or, we could go to 1977 to dress like this."
"staying up late editing and practicing the new acoustic songs - getting ready for the next Ustream which I'll announce soon."
"lawlzzzz but on the real, I'm thinking about coming to Eugene for a weekend before i leave. Is it tight?"
"With tannin"
"Changed my internet plan with Now it disconnects me every two minutes. Wow! Do I still have to pay for this?.."
"#boyceavenue is amazing! Just went to the concert and I LOVE alejandro! :)"
"doing it right!"
"YOS & DYC use different methods to calculate their recidivism rates - so comparing their rates is comparing apples to oranges"
"I am convinced my life belongs to the society, and as long as I live it's my privilege to do for it whatever I can."
"Baseball's greatest play! Enjoy! Baseball, greatest play-1976-_Monday.wvx"
"I'm going to be on Long St. about a half mile from your library, so you'll be my new friendly neighborhood librarian :-p"
"lol follow my self???"
"If you don't get it then you probably don't got it..."
"I wish I was going!!!"
"dang it. I was totally off twitter whole time."
"Leaving for the Last Frontier in a few minutes here. Alaska, not space. Space is the Final Frontier."
"Have an amazing trip and take *tons* of pictures for those of us who couldn't make it!!!"
"The Year Of Fear Begins Tomorrow Night At 7pm"
"just wait the next two seasons are twice as good. Brilliant show"
"August 30th is the deadline for Artist & Venue matching.The venue list is available at www.ghartwalk.com"
"Yum yum yum! Nothing like some tacos and cerveza from the The Screaming Goat on a Thursday afternoon!!!"
"All love is probationary, a fact which frightens women and exhilarates men."
"best run of my life - love this weather!"
"m... sounds yummy!"
"Mega Tron is a beast!!!"
"haha I leave Auckland today to join hubby in NYC!!! I'll start sleeping again when I get to the mighty US"
"If you don't want to go by your real name, don't open a Google+ account right now."
"I've joked about this with you for years ."
"Oxy Mo: Volunteer Job"
"Will you do an AMA fo us? I totally missed you character chatter the other night, and I think you have a huge following on reddit"
"Giants sign Eli Manning to new 97.5 million dollar deal. Eli now has the highest average annual salary in the NFL"
"my glases are broke great i cant see anything"
"We're all wondering...MT : Chris Matthews intros Log Cabin R spokesperson saying he doesn't know why they still exists."
"Thanks for including me!"
"I was sad it did that=( I miss you too=("
"PickUpLine: Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?"
"Ugh he get on my damn nerves...."
"hey what's up"
"Friendship: The emotions or conduct of friends; the state of being friends."
"No, actually it's fine now. :) yay"
"we look forward to seeing you there!!"
"yup bored"
"Like ur site. Much food for the soul"
"Think it's a bad sign or a good sign that my waitress right now is wearing a steelers tshirt?"
"Had a crazy good time at improv tonight with"
"Is this a jazz snow?"
"Got my awesome costume for my final/play tonight. I'm sure my slut wife and her lover are excited too."
"Opportunity+Setbacks+Perseverance=Success"
"for sure me and many ICONiacz out there!!!!! :D"
"that mane gettn cool for robing burger king"
"Check us out on Facebook. Get all the info for our 1st anniversary event this Saturday."
"im sorry I couldnt get ucla to offer you. :-)"
"Enjoyed a fantastic session \"On Being With Dying,\" hosted by SD Hospice and featuring Roshi Joan Halifax yesterday and today. Thank you SDH"
"Spread the butter wait why did I just say that im assuming your eating rolls rite now not that I would care wait I would care"
"So the best movie on the planet is the avengers mhm I believe so"
"Damn glad to have you, Patrick. #134 RT “: Committed to the University of Michigan! Gonna be a Wolverine! #GoBlue! ”"
"thanks for regblogging my post on the NC museum--also, I went to grad school in Edinburgh! Love it!"
"Playing the afterparty at This will be EPIC!"
"When I'm feeling down, I like to whistle. It makes the neighbor's dog run to the end of his chain and gag himself."
"It's Ravens Sunday= Free Purple Slushes location. Just ask 4 it when ordering>limit 1per tix, no other promos/disc, med size"
"I guess I just assumed you were preparing for a fight at 205."
"#RiseNGrind First stop Starbucks so I can make it through the day!"
"Looking for good books about Africa or by African writers. Fiction or nonfiction. Any African country. Any recs?"
"Little Friday Joke.. What do you call a computer that sings? - Adele (Yeah buddy.. you laughin!? ~)"
"Site still says that it is offline. Doesn't look good."
"Ok send a PDF to desirablemag.com/submission"
"My paw is ok. Mom had a great day. I was even good that day. Hope you are having fun rolling around. xoxoxo"
"Awesome! RT : another week, another trend!"
"Why don't you just go ahead and put it on your mailbox now?"
"Thank you so much!!"
"I will! You too!"
"RT NOT one to read in public! Needs brown paper cover"
"I love sleep, but never get it!"
"Hey #Spartans and #Wolverines, look for Closing Time on your campus during #WelcomeWeek & score some #FREE stuff!"
"You know your gay when you say boo lol ."
"The advert for the last ever #onetreehill, is making me consider watching the entire series so I can see how it ends, hm."
"well, \"they\" say, \"if you remember the nineteen sixties, you missed it\"."
"The orioles are winning at home and what do you hear? \"Let's go Yankees!\" yeah!"
"when nothing is turning out like I thought they would <<<<"
"do you have a link for germany game?"
"Fuck ya!!!! My mom's taking me too the movies by the mall too check if Daniel Williams is there! I begged the FUCK outta her!!:DD"
"\"Blister in the Sun\" - now playing ;)"
"yes they have but noone ever says it right"
"We the Kings are gonna be the next big thing.."
"Yes, yes they are. : #TaxWallStreet... Just met with Congress man Young's aid, #nurses are PHENOMENAL!"
"At the half, leads Trinity 39-37."
"It's the Midwestern equivalent of not wanting to hang up the phone without saying goodbye."
"Have to say that was man of the 1st half at least. Been impressed with what I've seen here and preseason - step up I think"
"Desire a #nude discount vacation $100 per night Caliente Resorts"
"#NowFollowing → & sent me :)"
"Whenever a bird poops on my car I eat a plate of scrambled eggs on my front porch just to let them know what I'm capable of!"
"Tonic languages are nearly impossible to learn online. I just feel like a computer can't teach you pitches."
"Let me do this too bc im pathetic !"
"Andre miller..get a fade or something"
"We are now hiring bridal consultants!! Visit our facebook page for more details."
"How many cricketers share names with Yank celebrities? Bill O'Reilly, James Taylor, Will Smith..."
"Birds of prey do not flock together. ~ Portuguese Proverb"
"although both important, i dont think we can equate sexual orientation and racial status."
"You like that huh? Mean Church is an impossible contradiction. It's like round-square or cold-fire, or - in my case, clean kitchen."
"#LessAmbitiousNovels The Grapes of Monotony."
"repeat RT: Dear God, plz protect my liver, life savings, & dignity this wknd. Also, plz help me not die. Amen."
"my muscle hurt so bad. Who's tryin to give me a massage"
"Yeah, what are the advantages of Skype vs Twitter or Twitter vs Guest Lecturer."
"I wanna workout right about now"
"nah man, its cuz he is in New York"
"I am capable of managing my own life. I deal with my own issues, I don't ask you to solve them for me. its MY life!!"
"I'm All Over Your Wall Right Now, haha!!"
"timeshEASY is a Time and Expense solution that is 100% focused on the Staffing, Recruiting and Consulting industries."
"how cute robert farts LOL"
"Noo you live & learn and won't make that mistake again !"
"Fans rushing the pitch! Love it!"
"on to finals"
"Anybody got a good book recommendation? Need something good to start the weekend."
"form sapped by too many miss universe contestants?"
"If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut."
"\": Seeing \"With a Bang\" at the Phoenix Theatre. Thanks !\" #indystage anytime, cuz its awesome!"
"Our new president Lou started a school in the Congo for underpriviledged children. You can learn more about the school at EduCongo.com"
"Great things are coming!!! I feel it. Believe it. See it. Know it. #CantWait☺"
"sure! wait, april fools, again"
"I especially loved the 6-year-old listening in rapt attention. Were you there? Sorry not to recognize in person!"
"OH SHIT, YOU GOT ME GURLLL."
"That said, Jane Lynch as Mr. Schu is worth the price of admission."
"Today is Michael Stipes birthday from the band R.E.M. Share a QWiP on your favorite R.E.M song with your friends & family!"
"What could be better than MeanMugMusic! Am I wrong?"
"Lol I just had to!"
"I think the Bulls ahve an excellent chance to win either way—if Deng is still in possession of the balls he found for Game 5,"
"im def in the A"
"oh definitely. I just ate lunch, but now I want second lunch. I forsee sammiches for dinner!"
"where are you at ? RT : I MISS YOU TOO FUCK WITH ME SOMETIME LIKE TODAY"
"I'm your first follower! heh!"
"Thanks for following!"
"Drugs are a bet with your mind. - Jim Morrison"
"I heard its crazy hard"
"Trust me, any dream where I end up pantsless = really weird."
"..find that funny and strangely appropriate. But what do I know. I'm at the plastic surgeon--NOT for a boob job."
"Does #jeremylin hav a Twitter account cuz I can't find it"
"I gotta do some yoga today."
"Make sure to check out our facebook page for BTS photos from video shoots, events & parties! www.facebook.com/elephilms"
"Capital isn't that important in business. Experience isn't. You can get both of these things. What is important is ideas-Harvey Firestone"
"Just saw and fell in love with The Myth of the American Sleepover. Really GREAT movie!!!"
"ange,we did Hallelujah praise ye the Lord. several folks under 50 were standing and sitting, lol the elderly were just smilin"
"I'm playing with my shiny new content management system right now..."
"Sentence of the Day: It is the contention here that the deciduous forest was well on its way to climax by 8000 BC."
"ooh haha yea I haven't seen their tweets xx"
"If goes to Den will care. RT Classic A.J. Smith on Peyton's next destination: \"I don't know, and I really don't care\""
"harassing guy reading badiou on the bus....i think he thought i was crazy, but how often to you get to talk about badiou on a bus?"
"Thank you, dear!"
"I think i'm going to start looking for guest blog opps"
"I love you too! Sorry I couldn't make it last night I had just gotten home from AZ!"
"I hope has a barfbag in his area...this offense is offensive!"
"I'm officially moving back to the States in December! Exciting!!!"
"bros before hoes"
"After starting in the back of the field, takes the lead from on lap 97. Who is the driver to beat #Kobalt 400?"
"Been eating so good, but now eating ice cream because I'm an emotional eater...for every emotion lol"
"27k at first break I need to flop top pair or have middle pair hold to draws more, then I will be chip rich"
"TY luv! you do the same."
"bro if you find one, I'm in."
"yes; was very quick and helpful; thx"
"Happy Valentine's Day to my hubby ! And hope everyone else has a great day"
"Win a free shopping spree! LUCKeSHOPPER!!! Coming 2011!!!"
"Have your tawdry affairs through freindster. No one will know."
"Go see 's production of The Outsiders, it's so good! Tonight at 7:30pm."
"The Lord said, 'If u had faith like a grain of mustard seed u could say to this tree B uprooted& planted n the sea& it would obey Luke17:6"
"I'm glad to hear that. We'll have to play when I come home for winter break"
"Doublin-up on the shifts today, with a slice of work-at-home in the middle....earning my Cinco de Mayo margarita-fest"
"Implicit.Harvard.edu useful tool to evaluate bias so we can work to change. Children too can change. Predicts hiring, budget bias etc."
"Are you sourcing local foods for your Thanksgiving feast? If so, what are you getting and from where? Please share!"
"To all of the people who told me stories about their babies and I replied with one about my dog, I am sorry."
"btdubbbs check yours!!(:"
"yum! I'm with you,.. my breakfast is starting to get too routine and tired."
"Special exhibition at Porsche Museum celebrating 60 Years of Porsche Clubs"
"Thanks for the retweet!!"
"Er why would i be smoking? IM A TEENAGER! :\"
"Happy mothers day mama"
"Thanks for listing us!"
"Portlander struggles to find time for his career, after realizing that looking totally rad is a full-time job."
"I was gonna make a video of me singing but then all my animals wanted to be in it soo.. It was a fail"
"Have yo admit I'm enjoying this cold snap"
"beatles sing along is the best office activity on a Friday..."
"christmas party saluting all the hard work"
"Without a phone thanks to Coke -_-"
"It would seem only fitting for to follow"
"That awesome moment when your telling a lie and your best friend notices and joins in."
"Either way 1 is better then none and you can hang out with us!"
"hey! I'll be doing a full body circuit!"
"Just touched an iPad, pretty cool. It's beautiful."
"i just heard, but thank you!"
"just curious ...did you?"
"lol shut up pig;"
"Damn I been busy ! But I'm back on this shit :)"
"i need a new desk chair...my back is killing me!"
"math is so boring."
"In the market for some"
"Thanks for following back! And thanks to all of our new followers!"
"Understandable plus in most cases I watch shows until the end as well"
"If you want my opinion, compensate me if you value it. What won't I do for a chance at at IPad?"
"I love how all you do is ignore me and then go off thinking everythings fine. #smh -_-"
"“ We have too many AIRPLANE MODE Christians...playing games but unable to answer the calls\" - Sean Smith"
"what's up next week?? In Baltimore thurs. and D.C. friday"
"Brb going to cafe emelia in bridgewater nj to stalk nick~"
"Brandon Bass is the player Big Baby wishes he was. 20 pts and 11 rebounds so far in just 18 minutes. Big time."
"don't cry lol"
"yea right"
"Thanks for the offer, though. I just found a generous donor."
"Happy Memorial Day! \"The legacy of heroes is the memory of a great name and the inheritance of a great example.\"~Benjamin Disraeli"
"You are REALLY uninformed. He is an ex officio member, not a sitting member, by virtue of his office."
"#BOYFRIENDReview beautiful and sexy"
"I'm ready for skype test. Will you be calling soon?"
"Tapas Garden reopens in Indian Rocks Beach FL 1007. Let the flamenco and paella goddesses loose, it's Spanish rioja time (Ergo)."
"to be a part of a worship team and find a better job;)"
"More followers please!!, lol"
"Thanks for including SG!"
"ur getting old!!"
"Two things I treasure most in life are: 1. being psychoanalyzed by an amateur, part time psychologist; 2. Sarcasm."
"Silent thought is, after all, the mightiest agent in human affairs. ~ William Ellery Channing"
"Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? Great food but no atmosphere."
"Don't know how it translates on the Stream but the crowd is quite hot live."
"Just wish I was better prepared."
"Step 5 RT : RT : Build a pressure relief valve. People are going to vent. Let them vent on a venue that you..."
"#toshme what an eclectic menagerie of people here at radio city. Yay tosh.o"
"last lacrosse game :( let's win this one too bears 💙"
"When your neighbors think it is ok to start outside projects early in the morning"
"I thought this match was for the title. Wasn't that what rock said last year?"
"Transit Not Tolls!"
"hi. how high/low should a tie bar be worn? many thanks."
"fake my signature?"
"Hey Chicago: POPULATION play at tonight w/Daylight Robbery, Deaf Wish & Broken Prayer: aka, a killer lineup. See ya there!"
"YAY! We hit 1,000 fans!!! Wonder how many we'll have after Barrett-Jackson. Guess a number and we may have a prize for you... :-)"
"W.I.T. (whatever it takes)!"
"ah, a classic for sure!"
"Why? What is your skin tone?"
"Time to finally watch Moneyball."
"Any good #ultramarathon tips, links or twitters?"
"Just booked the first instruction session in anthropology for as long as anyone at the library can remember. Hot damn!"
"if you have any LSU left, save me one! I'll swing by around 2:30 :)"
"I am far more concerned about Comcast prioritizing its own traffic than I am about what counts towards your cap."
"RT : Mothers Day Brunch at The Park !!! Reserve today call 732.739.2002"
"im an egg to OMG"
"Had a great day today. God is good to me!"
"Lost her shoe, freaking out over that, completely...."
"The weather is starting to get a little warmer. Are you planning a Southern Summer Vacation yet? Where to?"
"Loved Stephen Paling's study; wondering if more e-literature is out there being read but people just aren't calling it \"literature\"?"
"Follow Me? ♥"
": Buenos Dias! I had a dream of the perfect taco. I dream of #tacos just like \"Jiro dreams of #sushi\"."
"It looks like the weather is going to be summery for the next few days maybe it is time to get a new pair of shorts"
"_ is my best friend we haven't talked in a while I miss her!"
"Win $10K in prizes Big Drum Bonanza w/Thomas Lang, Virgil Donati, Kenny Aronoff, Jeff Hamilton, Chris Coleman & Dave ELitch"
"Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship."
"I have nothing to wear tomorrow. Time for monday-bumday!"
"<3 you actually said it."
"J Squared Entertainment is now J Squared Entertainment Group"
"I'm so fucking screwed up you have no idea how much I hate myself"
"RT : Note: No 'L' reroutes related to NATO events are planned. In fact, we’re adding service and/or capacity, at certain times."
"Good morning Omniture, it's been a while. Let's party!"
"Count on Lunatik losing our Karma Vcard here on KarmaSwap. Got your direct e-mail,can u send more info?"
"OK. I will check on this monday am. Back to you then."
"I Look forward to your tweets!"
"Yes! I get that feeling all the time! I look at my twitter homepage and see 95 people following me! :-0"
"RT : Happy First Day of Spring! RT if you can’t wait to bring your science outside."
"Plans for tonight -p90x workout  -shower -Internet shopping  -wait for the hubby so we can go to sleep"
"“: So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it, & it will be yours. -Mark 11:24”"
"Stop by and register to win a free Rad1 digital x-ray system at WVC 2012 in Las Vegas! We will be at booth 777 from 2/19 - 2/23!"
"I want too hurt that skank so bad! Lolol & I love you too!!:)"
"that's a negative"
"It's official! seeing with !!"
"A small British military plane crashed near Oxnard, CA ~12:15pPT. One pilot was on-board. Ventura Co. Coroner called out to the scene."
"Cause Now All I Want Is Peace, And Get Drama, I Finally Understand The True Meaning Of Karma."
"Good Morning Tweeitnam!!!!!!"
"Drank + Flower: A winning combination"
"I need to change my picture."
"Imma #WALIEN and I'll always be for c:"
"Nick to Jeanne \"hey mom do you want a shot?\""
"I need drops from you g"
"hey how's it going?"
"Powerball winner in RI...perhaps my MIL?"
"I needed this sleep 💤"
"It's Friday Fun day! What are you doing this weekend?"
"Can you RT the tweet with the number to vote and also DM me your email? =)"
"woo gonna twerk all day tomorrow guys~"
"Check out our latest blog about recording your family stories."
"March 9th! Rap music changed for the worst. RIP"
"Happy 16th Birthday you beautiful two!!!!!"
"Just got an email about a woman running a write-in campaign for Allegheny Co. Exec. Makes compelling arguments compared to the other 2 guys."
"Chances are good the #Mariners will lead the AL for 2nd season in row in low-score Ws & Ls."
"Finally done editing all the pics I've taken since January. Now comes the fun part - reliving the memories & sharing them with you. :)"
"I need bed!"
"We'd definitely like to reach out to all the artist in the Fulton Market area that have moved in recently to participate!"
"WHAT?!?! You don't have your talk perfectly planned like I do? tsk, tsk. ; )"
"#np Turn To You | Justin Bieber"
"yeah (: but its too long D:"
"Church was awesome! I'm feeling renewed & restored! I can't think of a better way to spend my birthday than hearing the word w/ my kids"
"Finally getting to wear shorts today to school :D"
"I firmly believe that crop circles are the work of a cereal killer."
"If you work in #sportsbiz, donate today at www.sportstacklescancer.com - 100% to American Cancer Society. View donor list of sports execs!"
"At #ncsl officials say that states leaving their exchanges to the feds should be careful since we don't yet know what theyll look like"
"Getting ready to get adjusted by a chiropractor. Been to one?_______"
"Why are we in such a hurry to get to a nominee? There's going to a lot of change between now and convention."
"Australia’s Mining Boom Reveals New Opportunities For Property..."
"<3 Richie RT : is playing right now! Yuessssss. I am loving this Tuesday night."
"6 year old apparently killed after jumping out of his moms suv when she pulled over to talk to the mailman. Child locks aren't just for cops"
"most ripped off lyrics in 60 seconds ever."
"Plan for birthday? Send Seski pic of where are on Oregon150. or post Facebook and tag."
"Just released a white wine from Burgundy! This 2009 Aligote is a tasty little gem! Only 60 cases were brought into the U.S. and is only $23!"
"Check out this week's issue of for some amazing local gift ideas...including #seattle #sushi stunner SHIRO"
"Co-wokers convinced I am old/lame. Off to cash in Comfort One groupon to prove them right"
"Hopefully we have a slow day at work"
"do you have household fire extinguishers?"
"Cal.officials refuse to sign proposed settlement with biggest mortgage lenders over deceptive foreclosure practices-saying it's inadequate"
"I'll invite you over for some dinner at a restaurant named 'Mom's house'. ;-)"
"I know!!! Crazy. #Saints are blowing it."
"Can't wait for the Tampa Food Truck Rally on 9/24!! Look for 's feature on mobile vendors popping up in Tampa Bay coming 9/27"
"Things finally calmed down here at Bexar County Dispatch...ah lets see how long that last"
"You are frickin hilarious!"
"How common and normal a lack of decency in society is always unnerves me."
"you should stand up in front of them the rest of the game"
"It was great! RT : Thank you , , , , for an amazing night!"
"they not tho"
"my sentiments exactly: RT : Thanks we are very excited!"
"Fuq homework I'm going to sleep!"
"where i am its kinda cold :("
"6 yo is running up and down the hall, reenacting a cartoon including dialog and sound effects. Who needs tv when you have kids?"
"why is support not learning?"
"okay dont ask and not expect professionalism"
"happy bday my dude. Its been forever"
"Tune in tonight to 102.9 The Buzz for your chance to win tickets to this Thursday's Blood and Guts Ball!"
"I said fuck that new girl that you like so bad <3"
"Music legend and the original outlaw Willie Nelson is about to perform on Jimmy Fallon!"
"Acronym?! Eponym! Ten times as awesome as they exclude the uninitiated ten times as well: even expanded, they give no clue."
"SAVE THE DATE #rochester #ROC : 12/18... details to follow, food is involved"
"Please contact us. We would like to talk with you."
"Lexington is trending. Can not help but smile. Love this city!"
"i see"
"no problem! Please let me know if you ever need any help in manhattan!"
"what happened?"
"I was happy all day until I got to work"
"i dont think so. i think theyre either partying or have no sleep schedule like every student here. haha"
"not being able to meet you, crying, then you secretly signed posters for us! Thank you, we love you."
"An iPad. I has it"
"Just kidding. They're delayed."
"#Dried mushrooms are available all year-round and are rich in flavour and when re-hydrated are of great nutrient value!"
"“All men are created equal. No matter how hard you try, you can never erase those words.” Harvey Milk"
"Heading to NYC with and"
"Today in #JOUR4953 we talked about how a reporter's identity can affect the stories he or she covers."
"But you already have an avatar."
"they need attention too!"
"brittney's new roommate >>"
"CSS Jacksonville in now staffing for a Corporate Travel Agent www.contemporarystaffing.com"
"this cannot be accurate."
"\"Take control of your destiny\" -"
"does that mean watching the UFC fight?"
"You cast a spell on me spell on me you hit me like the skyy fell on me fell on ne. Love that song!!"
"M I want a fruit cup now😁"
"At charley horse now. Wow. Actual service. Fuck you pepper jacks."
"DIS FOLKS STRIPPING N DA MIDDLE OF DA STREET.."
"And next up \"My Fluffy Pet Hamster\""
"This Saturday At Club Zona Latina PT 2 of the New Pop Single (Tonight) Everyone Is Welcome Come Show Me Love !!!!!!!"
"I.coach poker. Have not done study group"
"Those hunky twins, Nelson, had the #1 song this day in 1990 with (Can't Live Without Your) Love and Affection."
"I hope a Spaniard scores the game winning OT goal against the Caps next round..."
"did you try party galaxy?"
"Did you know that today is Holocaust Remembrance Day?"
"made a green screen wall... was cool. little harder than I thought."
"That's so gross."
"Enjoying a few three day weekends before the four week internship in Georgia begins! (Then another one in Jax!)"
"Made it to TX safe & sound! Job hunting, house hunting, melting in the triple digit Austin heat. Bleh! #ItsHOT!"
"Watch me, do me"
"Better win I wanna go to Disney"
"Enjoying a rare (but well deserved) Tuesday off by doing little beyond what is absolutely necessary."
"Welp. That's the 4th mid-20-something guy i know that's enlisting in the Navy- THIS WEEK."
"Band name: Fag Books"
"hoping when we go 1:1 next year, I will be using it much more often. I'm just trying to brainstorm the possibilities early."
"Empowerment, Education, Change - three word intros at #TechCamp Ramallah"
"Exactly. I was a tester for a year and saw the amount of work that goes into these"
"All you need is Love, Jk.. Oxygen helps too!\""
"Are you fucking kidding me"
"Who would have thought signing a 15pg contract could feel so good?! $$$"
"Amazing feat!!! I'm right behind ya - can dead lift a good 30 lbs. :)"
"Off to this hell hole called school."
"I've entered (and I want to win)!"
"I'm always concussed now and days 😔"
"I think Brian McKnights rap name should be Dr. Showoff"
"Designing is just arranging all the things you've been collecting. Collecting well is kind of the thing."
"Oh, nevermind. 4sq just wanted a version date. HackAPI updated, all back to normal."
"At this rate Pitt won't win the game cuz they can't take a hit and r playing like a bunch of _______!"
"SexTip: Run an ice cube over your lover's body while it melts before sex! They'll get the chills, and then you can warm them up."
"I was just in South America. Dang it! I miss everthing"
"That awkward moment when you realize you didn't get a bagful of white chocolate dipped oreo's...."
"poor kid >.< especially in a room where im like ' idgaf shirts coming off' lol"
"yeah Fam always Doc!"
"Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Mediation can be a wonderful thing, but I never advise adding a mediation REQUIREMENT to your court orders."
"Preciate this beautiful woman taking time out to follow. Follow her!"
"You might want to turn off Twitter for today..."
"Aww thanks for the Love sis! I had fun with you yesterday. So much Light!"
"RT : and that's only the 2nd 1st quarter TD all year for the Browns."
"Even tho I sale rocks it fells good putting money in yo mail box"
"yup! building an HTML5 game :) what are you working on?"
"I miss you, the old you. The new you sucks."
"is Carl Landry to the Blazers a real possibility? I keep seeing him in the rumor mill.."
"sounds more like dating to me!!"
"haha thanks for taking me prvt, u twitter boys are yummy!"
"‘All men’s miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone.’ ~Blaise Pascal"
"Having genuine friends is important to me. Having people that have my best interest in mind, yeah thats important to me."
"lmfao rightt? I just wanted to go cause I want to stay away from my house. :p"
"pubsubhubhub would be a great component; no sense re-inventing the wheel, and lets #pubmedia use existing tools as normal."
"RT : #youmightbeanautismparentif your child has taught you more about love life and what truly matters, than the other way around"
"Yeah, that makes two of us!"
"we love u"
"I really wish The Critic came back. Had the theme song stuck in my head all day"
"Dummies get trigger happy when it gets a lil warm outside SMH......"
"technically I started early but the rockets made me take a long break lol"
"Good mornin everyone im on a bus"
"Should make papercut shirts with only shirt as siloutte and rest skin."
"I know it is only Tuesday but I am already thinking about the weekend. Any suggestions for good things to do in #SanDiego this weekend?"
"friends are God's way of taking care of us. Love u Denver!"
"Southern Nights @ MarBar in Royal Palm Beach. Great first night. It's every Saturday night w dance classes w the Chicks from 8-10pm."
"I didnt think so!!!"
"Remember to #pause and reflect on your journey. Being #intentional will change your life."
"\"DH helps the humanities connect back to the public, and also reengage the public"
"happy birthday to the lovely today!! Lunch at Archi's, yummiest Thai food ever :)"
". - The Digital Music Panel is moving from Room 302 to a larger room 304 at Noon today!"
"lookin forward to having u in the big apple for 8 crazy nights!! :)"
"haha I love you Trace!!"
"I like sex talk early...lol"
"Beaker did that until he got his wife. Now he doesnt want to take house flights to be with us because she wont"
"Why would people ever fear someone who rules with an iron fist? What, are they going to neatly press your clothes with it? I'd welcome that."
"the latter...lol"
"Is Scala the programming language named after La Scala, the Italian opera house?"
"Your wristbands have free shipping now. It will come up as free shipping in checkout but not shopping cart yet."
"sending out press release for Golf tournament on April 23rd in Nashville can we include your name?"
"come n b my assistant lil bro"
"Streetcar tickets bought. I'm scared rewatching the Brando version will make me biased against Blair."
"RT : “: apparently they have the same seats here as at Dreamforce #uncomfortable #CloudforceNYC” <So true!"
"Starting next week we are beginning a Grill and Hang night with our life group @ our house,we'll provide the side dish & soft drinks.Join us"
"u should fallow your dreams gurl listen to your heart not what ppl tell you!thats what the ICONic boys did and i know i can to"
"#resolution : don't need one."
"Well hell. Menounos score of 30 puts Driver tied for third, or last depending on how you look at it."
"had a great crowd at free shuttle bus stops last night. MCBW has been a resounding success"
"Attention. Someone has hacked you, bro-fest."
"Kobe's number of seasons in the NBA- 16, James' number of seasons in the NBA- 9. Not a fair comparison. Give it time."
"Thank you to all who entered this month's contest, and be sure to stay tuned for next month's giveaway!"
"Sorry to hear about your bad sleep issue last night. Hope all is going well with #DogEatDog shooting! ^_^ can't WAIT to see it"
"Thank you, Dee."
"Otto is not the super star but he is the smartest play GU has"
"I feel so depressed :/, I need to get the fuck out of this house."
"Congrats to What's Trending team on your Webby nominations!"
"“: Tau Chapter was chartered on May 1 1922 at Atlanta U for undergraduate men seeking membership into Omega Psi Phi.”"
"why thank you :)"
"Oh great! Sarah's not running for president! Now, what are we going to do for fun?"
"what a great group, you represent the essence of craft beer...always inclusive, never comprising: an evolution in progress"
"prepping 4 a staff dev session on teachers using twitter. Whole campus reading your book & moving forward! Great job!"
"*june 3 need to come on so I can order this infuse"
"Ok, my 1st real Tweet & Idk ? I'm doing yet. I want 2B inspired so I signedUp 2follow those who seem 2make a difference in the world! JN"
"Ha! You, dearest, are clearly not Buddhist."
"It's so muthafucker nice out there OMG daylight savings 2 its a gud luk lol:-)"
"Do you have a great head shot/comp card? We can arrange a private on-line session to make sure your materials are incredible."
"what imma go to bed for? Tha night's still YOUNG!!"
"“ Hungry ass hell b !”"
"Another awesome game! So glad I was there to see it this time!"
"Herbs that Heal « Civ Jones: I'm a firm believer that God has put everything we need on this earth to prevent diseases and to heal ou..."
"Book your party 5/5 and receive $100 in free product!!"
"not sure if that is cute or sacreligious"
"If You Know Better, You'll Do Better..!!"
"Damn high as shit right now double d"
"Here we go..."
"Hello! Hopefully you didn't see me driving whilst talking on my phone o.0"
"Coming up next on the TJMS: Damon Williams and Seriously Ignorant News!!"
"Assumed you were throwing 24 down for Kobe."
"School then back to bed(;"
"RT : uploaded my last night! gonna be great. // I got it! Thanks so much!"
"Happy Valentines Day!"
"Sebastian Telfair is still in the NBA."
"RT : cant trust these mofos >>> man who you telling"
"RT: Well it's very evident the refs at tonight's game aren't getting paid by the call."
"Writing about in a paper on #SacredHarp singing and the folk revival."
"ew, i would never build my life around anyone else. not a child, and especially not a man."
"That's what I'm talkin' 'bout."
"Her songs thats it I love her as a person personally"
"we think along the same lines, you're right about him staying in WI. Same as Rubio in FL and Christie in Jersey"
"of course! Followed(:"
"Definitely listening to Pomp and Circumstance a few times this week!"
"I want more vera!"
"Well, I feel for them with a different part of my body."
"so you will be helping kids with autism?"
"RT : I retweet therefore you are."
"Stop IT and show us!!!!"
"your tweets are gay"
"Right now Im Licking you & I cant believe you dont know that you are really tasty. Thats what makes you ICE CREAM"
"A man who exposes himself when he is intoxicated, has not the art of getting drunk! ~ Anonymous"
"Hope everyone is having a great Friday!"
"yo lakers came out to play tonight!!"
"Yount hits a grounder up the middle, fielded by Quinones. But they'll only get Gantner at 2nd. One down, Castillo at third."
"Follow for great Twitter advice."
"RT Interesting preso re: online, video-based platform (Wahi) that simulates human convo. Case - tampabaygangs.com."
"“: Most Successful people are grateful. Are they grateful because they are successful or successful because they are grateful?”"
"“Better than a thousand useless words is one single word that gives ☮ peace.”—The Dhammapada"
"I love you Austin Mahone!(;"
"Betsey, to me: \"You're such a great man... I mean, not like Lincoln...\""
"Is Anyone Up?"
"grew up in WI and played hockey at a high level. Fighting hinders the game. Watch the fluidity of college and Olympic hockey"
"I can tell! Lol"
"It's May 1st! It's count down time!"
"If Palin really stops whining re liberal media bias, it'll free up time to talk about other parts of the world with \"zoning problems\""
"Plaintiffs' law firm is seeking experienced legal professionals for its personal injury practice. Apply at"
"Taking a bath"
"G'Night Shell. Have a good week!"
"is there a way I can jailbreak my iPhone 3GS 4.3 without tethering it each time I shut it off? Plz help me"
"Our new yellow coupon book is out at stores! New offers, and great savings! Don't miss out! Get a FREE GWP for $50! Limit one per person"
":) Have a great weekend!"
"Ahaha that's awesome."
". clarity. communication is so important that if you can communicate clearly important things can happen"
"All it takes is one RT to save one dumb fucks ass. Keep it real."
"At job #2....ready and prayed up...."
"Mail it to me"
"$15.2 million to house 4 firefighters, 2 fire trucks and some raincoats??? Egad!!!"
"good morning !!!"
"y'all are both Crazzy"
"Why does Pitbull always say 'blow the whistle'?"
"Wishing you amazing brightness, purity and truth, eternal joy and everlasting love!\" Happy holidays! --Thomas Otway"
"RT I'm about to send you 2 acapellas bro"
"“: working on that / Bk Lounge #Mixtape” ..it's about to be ridiculous..."
"OMG. HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)"
"no that's not true"
"My prayers are with Rev. Al Sharpton who will be delivering the eulogy @ his mother's funeral on tomorrow."
"RT yo is one of the most versatile producers I know lol.. def. not subject to being categorized. #respect. <- Appreciated"
"God Damn bitch u have a new \"bestfriend\" every day ..... && u wonder y your dumbass ain't got no friends ....."
"Bitches are just like mondays none likes them."
"So excited to hear the winner"
"Kate Upton is beautiful!"
"I think Red Sox PR will ask Wake to throw out the first pitch on Opening Day..That will be pretty special.."
"herro Tillman! I is love your show!! I is part bulldog part Scottie"
"or a Physician Assistant"
"#NowPlaying Common - Hungry"
"Hi everyone! We're happy to join Twitter!"
"Seeing my brothers including & at #MingleMondays which is the place to be"
"not you, DIS BITCH ON THE BUS."
"#robertsgirl......all the way....the biggest"
"Honestly if I could find another kid to tutor at the same rate i'd be making $120 a week - on the side. That'd be nice."
"YES they plan to reopen in 5 mins. RT: Anyone know if 169 N is open at 494???"
"come on you taking to long I'm bout to get off this shit DM the #"
"follow me plz"
"We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets."
"Beautiful day for the #KefirTruck! Thanks !"
"He's really cute and really good ... but I am sure he is much younger than me =("
"Maybe anthropomorphizing computers is doing a disservice to our patrons."
"BAH! I hope your booty gets on TV. Lol."
"OH: I love prayer time at church, it gives me time to catch up on while the *professional* does the praying."
"Can't wait til get a new phone tho!"
"Never mind, I don't care !!"
"i might watch that"
"listening to my favorite"
"I'm ambivalant atm to it but slightly worried as all these lil changes could add up to a messed up overall plotline."
"listening to someone like youu <3"
"Wow...Kelly Hill I've not bbeen there since I was with the 197. 1-18 E. Co."
"Congratulations to for defending her Master's! If she thought she was bossy before, imagine now that I have to call her Master."
"People who snap their chewing gum are annoying as all hell. It's rude and tacky. I always want to scream at people who do that but I don't."
"I like that twitter feeds my natural tendency to read from bottom to top"
"Why do they ALWAYS say they're not high? Smh at these weedheads, pray for them. No, you have to. It's almost Easter. It's in bible, go check"
"\"BERTHA ROCHESTER: I'm going to rip your throat out with my teeth. Let me out of this goddamn attic!\""
"I saw that there's a free registration required now for some articles. Is there also a paywall?"
"likes to lick peoples feet she told me.."
"ok next week right?"
"My cousin smoked a #SuperBowl before that skrillex concert. Then proceeded to pretend he was having air sex with the robot from the jetsons."
"Great #acehp12! Looking forward to learning from the pros: , , , , Thanks 4 following!"
"TRAFFIC: Multi-vehicle accident EB I-90 near High Crossing Blvd. Backups expected"
"This is funny, and you should laugh. RT Millions of people have tried to kill two pigs with one bird, however. ;o)"
"If you ever reach total enlightenment while you're drinking a beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose."
"Did you know that the Governor signed Del. O'Bannon's PE bill into law?! Learn more about this, and the Center's other legislative..."
"I only kind of meant it"
"#pokertips Know when you should fold."
"Virginia #museum expert Walt Hayer advises that delegating, strategic planning, job standards will help staff do jobs better & keep sane."
"people do not want to address our true failure and deal with responsibility for the poverty a la misinterpretation of data!"
"RT : RT : Molly Ruppert will receive the 's 2012 Alice Denney Award for service to D.C. arts...."
"then God wouldn't have given us the tools to do the very things we think are impossible."
"Big dump of numbers... Romeny climbs back in it.. Santorum's lead less than 200 votes.. 47% reporting."
"Today marked the day that mom became a gossiping church lady. She sent me an email about a burgeoning congregational scandal!"
"ok... But look at her!"
"8o can I haz in? Y'all waitin for the new one to drop or with 12?"
"Hawaii Writer's Conference 2011 or bust! Have 2 buckle down evenings & weekends to finish my next book!"
"Spurs lead by 8 at halftime."
"Thank you Marci. Have a wonderful evening."
"clearly I left too early!"
"Last day of high school tomorrow. idk if I'm excited or really upset."
"What's your vote for weekend activities - see the shows at Arnold Sports Festival or Gallery Hop in the Short North Arts District?"
"What's on the menu"
"Jesus, take the wheel...of this meeting."
"Thanks for coming out last night and supporting the team!!"
"that's a laugh out loud tweet."
"So Justin bieber is on the #MoneyTeam now apparently?"
"Thanks for the RT. Hope life is good bud. Keep killing it on the field!"
"Can't wait to see you there! Make sure to tweet pics / updates."
"Is there a tag for the festival? I want to know if dogs are permitted. Thanks for RT"
"Calling all artists, if you like a challenge then let's Go.! Here are the choices. Make a lamp, drink coasters, or clock."
"you are welcome :)"
"Wow. That sounds great!!"
"Dudethat's the worst pickup line ever. What's next, u'll tell her U used to work as a clown & get makup discounts?"
"Stage Reading this MONDAY @ Aljira 591 Broad St. #Newark NJ (Director)"
"Thanks coach. We get questions about the R&R v. Zone all the time - this will answer some of those."
"Randomly keep getting a magazine called #FamilyCircle in the mail? Does anyone know why?"
"wit at this hour is a rare breed."
"Senior sunrise is like 6 hours ! Excited !"
"it's been a while. How are you? I'm in Canada as we speak"
"This bitch totally blows !"
"Booking some shows! Anybody wanna play? Check out the Facebook and comment on the status! facebook.com/collaterallive"
"Happy Birthday"
"While I'm in Cali, I've decided that I'm a pescetarian."
"Good luck with the launch of PINK! Wondering if it helps strengthen shoulders? I've popped mine out more than once. Ouch."
"Man in Portland Trailblazers wifebeater singing barry white"
"Who liked Girl With The Dragon Tattoo? I know i sure did :)"
"dubstep definitely needs intense bass but that doesn't necessarily *have* to occur at high volume"
"Quick! Grab some scissors and turn yours into a mini dress. No one will notice."
"Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence"
"What should I do on my birthday? It's on Thanksgiving this year.."
"God it's good to hear your voice."
"- It's Int'l Joke Day, I would love to hear some Funslinging tweets, may even tell a few myself"
"Loving might be a mistake but its worth making."
"Why have \"#teamfollowback\" if you don't even follow back? Lol"
"Temp outside is 13C & with windows open in house, it is 18C inside (thankfully)! Unusual conditions call for drastic measures."
"Are you - or anyone else - interested in a pre-beer beer at 12th Street?"
"just installed 1.5 and it crashes repeatedly on startup. NOT PROMISING."
"But I'm sure OSU duo of Smith & Herbie really \"high\" on Urban & the Bucs! Defense hasn't been good last 2 yrs. Tolzien<Wilson 2"
"See, these are the kinds of out of the box ideas we need."
"Beautiful...Kitty ears!"
"I am hangover today... Did you know what this means!?!? :o"
"happy birthday to my best friend haylee! happy sweet 16 girl! i love u babycakes<3"
"App download is free - but requires a subscription purchase to use full solution. See website."
"freeresortbeach.info New Post - has anybody been.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor=\"white\"> <c"
"they tried to launch a bomb..."
"lol My brother cant play slow songs on the drums.hahahahahahhahahahal You supposed to to play anything"
"why what happened?"
"Come by my Margarita station this weekend. I will be the one serving the Beer Margarita. I won contest in 2009. Cheers, Steve"
"Find out what University of Kentucky Police plan to do for the Georgetown YMCA after a lost gun resulted in the cancellation of a..."
"Heading to Kansas City MO for Corporate Acceleration Training."
"you see correct. She is a part time UK fan. My doing."
"You can have your Nitchskes, Huffs, Butkuses, Lamberts, Singletarys, Lewises and Urlachers. I’ll take Mike Curtis. Tom E Curran NBC Sports"
"Feeding birds? Offering water? If so, offer water during the winter via a heated bird bath! Ours has a thermostat built-in heater. Nice!"
"I've even had to retweet the spurs stat man about lennon!! Downing is fucking awful!!"
"BBQ sunflower seeds -- yum! Watermelons this year are good too!"
"Weekend recap: Drank beer on a rooftop, hiked along the Potomac, had a family reunion of sorts, ate @ Founding Farmers, went fishing..."
"Getting ready to bake up some keylime cream cheese cupcakes for a client! These are a must have for the Easter weekend. *SoSpringy"
"Find out how to start bringing in planned gift commitments at little or no cost on my FREE Ventureneer Webinar on Jan. 25..."
"I LOVE BEING UNDER ESTIMATED"
"Great series, huh?! How was Chicago?"
"haha... chester needs to in NO"
"Watching fools gold"
"never mind"
"Our waking hours form the text of our lives, our dreams, the commentary. Anonymous"
"Pretty sure whoever is doing 's wardrobe on is a BIG fan of"
"yeah. Ahh. Do you have your mothers phone?"
"Somber mood at Invisible Children HQs. Hugging, Tears, lots of people on cell phones."
"You are too sweet! I'm so glad that I can help and it's definitely"
"I agree. I've been doing it more often this year, and I feel it's creating more of a community and helping me grow as a tchr"
"Valentine's day comment for men, Lets step it up & get something around the house repaired or new, for extra points, dont u like extra point"
"Lopez.....wasn't thinking boo boo! Used to Jose and Juan never leaving lol...sucks for you"
"Asian pacific economic cooperation summit"
"RT : 300th to RT will get signed ball from DS Game 1 starter #MLBFC Watch #Postseason on now."
"So, my website got hacked. Luckily, is awesome and is killing the spammy/phishy stuff."
"Looks like we are tracking over 500 data attributes over 14 data types.. very nice."
"Explain 2 ways in which people are able to resist obedience :) x"
"#NatGas Revolution \"Exciting,\" says commentator \"You can have all this money pouring into #WV economy.\" goo.gl/v2YkD"
"Hello to Now, because of your polling on names, I want to call you Sarah Grace."
"when my brother is watching rio he doesnt pay attention to me at all.. even he knows to ignore me"
"All students: tomorrow Nov 4th is the last day to drop courses. Please see your advisor before taking action to discuss best options for you"
"Thanks for the RT! Have a great evening!"
"The hardest job in the world, is the best job in the world. Thank You Moms!!"
"\"what does Hawaii look like again?\" I introduce you all to"
"if you haven't said or done shit i'm sorry but your in with the haters jacks bunch and I can't and don't approve of that shit."
"I really could give a fuck about this game im about my Celtics lol"
"did you show them the door?!?!"
"I heard about the traffic mess today on LSD around the I-55 ramp"
"ordering shoes online"
"Mike, I'd love to pick your brain about the VZW sponsorship if you have a minute. Trying to work w/Sprint on a WI team..."
"Thanks for the follows new followers! Looking forward to sharing and learning!"
"At work, people kept asking about if I was going to party, I told them I might have 2 beers. Drank earl grey instead."
"that my friend is a warning sign"
"1st day on the new job with One down, lots to look forward to!"
"Thanks! Bypass works on any phone w/ internet access. Go to www.bypasslane.com to register for your free account!"
"frustrated. so damn frustrated."
"I am told that Supercast is part of the Superfan. So you should be able to view games online this weekend."
"How are you world peace but hit a defenseless person...so this is what the world is coming to?"
"I hate adults that think they're \"too cool\" for teenagers, like uhm no... our generation is cooler than yours JUST SAYING."
"Oh, what are they?"
"At least for today..Because of my stupid back being \"out to lunch\" already..Week is young, however..T/F/S.."
"www.chicagodjnetwork.com “Chicago DJ Network” is playing my music."
"This halloween I went as an Angry Larry Bird. Some people got it and the rest were girls."
"need more coffee."
"♫ pop it on the ground...make me roll on it ♫"
"yes, lots to say about haynes & fathers. like, poison! (which i still haven't seen, argh.) but i was thinking about [SAFE] & those"
"his impressions are amazing, no doubt. It'll be interesting to see him grow on the show."
"Done getting ready! Prom time!!"
"What's the point for coming to school?"
"A few more--Thx! (thanks for your help last week!) and you are the man."
"We Just Coolinn ."
"how is that a prize? RT : night tweeps! Don't forget u can winc ur CLUB LEVEL seats for tomorrows finale (next to )"
"Nice article! What is your take on Social Media in education ?"
"Im not done with my research report :("
"Who's this from guy? Sounds cool and funny"
"My 4 yr old son gave me a hand made card for Father"
"Wondering why isn't in Ft Wayne right now."
"Text correction: would not. Darn thumbs and tiny touch screen."
"Any chance we can rock YoungAndReckless gear on the show?? Let us know!! Wanna get in on that flavaa"
"I'll have to go and try it sometime!"
"U mad bro, you sound mad. Is it because I called your favorite presidential candidate a racist homophobic lunatic?"
"#FF My 1,200 follower Tell her what's she's won Johnny."
"I just finished my favorite book ever and the ending sucked. Stupid Cliffhangers!"
"Ha(: #schoolisCool pretty please follow"
"For one (hopefully two) nights only... #Goalvechkin Bandwagoning this mother. Need a day or two off."
"Medical miracle....Neil Patrick Harris is expecting twins !!!!"
"welcoming on board Michael Mccraw who will represent Alabama"
"Texas stadium or wherever the Red River Shootout is played at"
"#1Dforme gotta love them no matter what there just amazayn ;)haha"
"I'm spending a quiet moment with Sadie---the only sound is the furious wagging of her tail beating the ground..."
"Mysterious library guy asks us what we're studying, immediately blurts out \"PIZZA!!!!\" ...library guy walks away."
"So disgusted"
"I got you RT : follow me:)"
"I wish they'd go to NCAA rules. Field goal wins are so boring."
"Everyone deserves happiness, yes, even you."
"I think i did enough work, night peeps"
"Q: How does ones gay marriage affect my \"traditional\" one? A: Its no longer your exclusive privilege"
"Missing DBS at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmrw Fri 3/30 at 8pm would be...uncivilized."
"i know were she at"
"Getting ready for jingle ball!"
"Life is good! :)"
"#WiseWordsToLiveBy Life's a beach, you just gotta learn how to surf."
"then you would trust me a LOT"
"for Manna. Awesome dance"
"Come in today and try our Almond Joy mocha! On sale this week only and you can get it hot, iced, or blended!"
"If doesnt follow me I wont be #Chill :/"
"Going to the ZeroTime Operations performance on The Vigil? Consider bringing some vinyl: seeking clarinet, synth, bass guitar, drum solos."
"I missed your Stickam... No! :("
":/ friggin canyon! It said i missed you and your other half, and was hoping to see you today/tonight"
"Bay for sure!! His contract was double Wade's. Bay biggest sports bust contract of the last 5yrs. Albert Haynesworth as well."
"Thank you and wishing you all the best also."
"I get that when I watch dance..."
"opening eyes at the #EconomicTends meeting."
"What's going on with pimps & so called pimp nowadays falling for their hoes. I'm no expert but I'm pretty sure that's a no no."
"hey so I just ate at this place called whole foods, idk if you have it by you but it reminded me of you haha. Try it out! :)"
"Chelsie & Roshon had a very good threesome dance"
"don't cus at me and u only fucked wit me 1 day after that u acted different"
"Whew....busy Monday here at the warehouse. Chat with us live again tomorrow morning starting at 8am with any questions."
"Thanks, hope you are having a great week!"
"AWESOME Full Retreat! Great to get away and get real with brothers. Also, a big congratulations to our new officer corps!!"
"Sweet, just placed 3rd in women's overall in this race."
"Is it safe to do a scrub like this to the face?"
"Stop Ha. \": There will NEVER be another Janet Jackson. Her whispering has purpose!\""
"she loves him! #TeamJef!"
"#EAv Thanks for the action on EAv"
"Oh God"
"not really(: and 16"
"#SAGawards Outstanding Female Actor in a Comedy series goes to BETTY WHITE! Yes!!!!! Go Betty!"
"omg!! what a night it was at Roc Bar!! Def got Brandon way fucked up and had some great times with allot of people. i got shawasted myself …"
"I tried to order a double cheese burger at Mickydeez and the lady said they dont serve those.....i may be illiterate but i can see, miss."
"Mixing and mastering with Brian hood. This Ep is going to be tight!"
"Alice in Wonderland is absolutely gorgeous, yet completely Tim Burton. A must see in 3D and a captivating trip from end to end."
"Who's getting the Money May fight tonight?"
"The sun is puttin off some heat today."
"wow... I feel the love..."
"A leader is best when people barely know he exists talks little when his work is done his aim fulfilled they will say We did this ourselves"
"Bordeaux 2011 - Super Tuesday: Over 40 releases overwhelm negociants, merchants Over 40 chateaux have released their prices today â\" i"
"oh....well that's different. Can he wash dishes?"
"March is happening now, followed by open forum at 5pm and general assembly at 7pm!"
"OMB eating some awesome swedish fish :D"
"a Mexican roll and fish tacos. Both delicious!"
"oh... Idk I was being sarcastic as if you'd been under a rock for the last week ;d"
"is preparing latkes for 400. Need A LOT of POTATOES."
"Hm ... Serious rumors of CNN buying Mashable -- very interesting, if true. Announcement apparently coming Tuesday"
"Shout out And his whole squad. Grind time homeboyss"
"hehe - would be akin to the second half of the fifth innings... baseball is the only thing I half way understand, but even then."
"EVERYTIME I MENTION BLACK PANTHER OR SOME REAL SHIT UM OFF THE NEXT DAY!!!! WTF??? COSPIRACY??? HM??? MJ, PAC, EAZY, BIGGIE, PIMP C, ETC.."
"Some of us needs advice from others 2 navigated thru life whatever happen 2 the master theory we all control our own destiny by faith."
"The Love Monkeys play it all at will be tonight at 9:30! We promise you will enjoy yourselves!"
"Herb Kohl"
"Your not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on"
"Luv Everyone and so Happy To Be Able T o Chat To Everyone On This Going To PACCAS (Pac Fair) Todaii :)"
"OMG!! MAP testing was so easy!!! Everyone at our school was like Stressing out over it, but now im like why did the teachers stress us out!!"
"You're a grown man, boy, go get McDs yourself.... Or, better yet, pour yourself a bowl of cereal!!!! But, I love you anyways!!"
"I heart Adele!"
"#SignsYouAreASneakerHead If you have > 100 shoes ..."
"At Eataly for the 1st time. Wow. Impressive for being in the middle of Manhattan!"
"As if I needed another reason to love I just found out his nickname is \"The Eraser.\""
"Lots of hawks and skunks. But only farm animals in our #upstatemanhattan forest are escaped chickens."
"&#39;Perfect Strangers&#39; gets its own viral video game"
"#AGT drinking game rule #3, if the contestant is a total weirdo drink. This game is going to lead to SO much alcohol poisoning."
"#thatcamp is ferpa really a problem or just a boogeyman?"
"Funny how you always have to start with the bottom line."
"Not feeling too confident about this one"
"re: your hair in the opening credits - anyone our age can remember wearing our hair exactly like that :)"
"In 20 Mins... \"Hottest Dude On The Block\" *PROMO MUSIC VIDEO* DROPS! Featuring Kyd Splash & Lyrik Luciano! Shot & Directed By ME! :)"
"Geek ballin in the slant"
"I'm in (downtown) SEA this week if you want to get together for food/drink/etc."
"What decision are you most proud of?"
"pronto el 20"
"thanks boo :)"
"This Friday! Pearl @ Commerce in Dallas - show starts at 9:30. Good times!!"
"If u missed us today...@ a minimum were doing LuncH 10am to 2pm 7 days a week @ Lees W Lake Mead...count on that unless we post otherwise.."
"Are you still camping out on our bar stool? Glad to hear you dig our beers. Cheers!"
"I'm just sayin.."
"happy birthday!"
"thanks so much!! you rock"
"Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal. -Earl Nightingale"
"First topic of the day: the Enola Gay and the bombing of Hirosima"
"gone good this season them hoes fightin already"
"My only friend just flew into my apartment. A solo fly."
"I use more hairspray in one day than normal humans use in a month."
"what's going on?"
"well, they already had interviews and hired a team, and they think they over-staffed. But I'll let you know if they didn't (:"
"you must not know who you're talking too actin like idk this already, I've been in on plenty of sessions blowin big kush lol"
"google's les paul homepage is very cool."
"Past several weeks I've been hearing a vaguely familiar song from neighbor's apartment. Just realized it's the 'Dallas' theme song. What."
"With Congress, Every Time They Make A Joke It's A Law; And Every Time They Make A Law It's A Joke."
"Yes, but why we get \"This guy was at the top of our board!\" for each guy RT interesting to see how teams handle post-draft ?s"
"This place is going crazy. Raffle tickets almost sold out. 32 teams #ManDiego thank you for hosting"
"I drink two kinds of beer...free and anything from Wisconsin!"
"i hate that word \"bye\""
"imagine me and you, I do...... not"
"If you want good music, you need to follow"
"Working w/ The Austin BodyWorker Clinical Massage Therapy at Texas Running Company Wednesday night."
"Rock,Stone&Sand Yard Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+"
"milky white Ralph Lauren Polo cargoes... & linen..."
"Wish I had a girl :("
"I total agree. So yummy"
"Don't you have work? RT : just kicking it in Brooklyn"
"I found your id in NYC tweet back so I can get it to you!"
"You are at Arrowhead?"
"WHY ARE THERE MICROPHONES AT EVERYONE INTERSECTION where black people live? hm....."
"RT \"if you’re earning a million dollars a year, you shouldn’t get special tax subsidies or deductions.\""
"lol it happened already ? 😳"
"It is funny photo"
"Which two teams played in the worst NCAA finals ever?"
"Looking for the Voice of the Employee! RT : Whats shaking KC"
"I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I got where I needed to be."
"Welcome to the #DNation family ! We're lucky to have you with us in the fight to #beatcancer!"
"Poolside at #theroosevelthotel. Translation: I'm one happy camper!"
"twitter is not the new text message sloth"
"RAIDER NATION NEXT YEAR"
"People always say to follow your heart. But what if your heart wants it all? Sigh."
"Everybody’s at war with different things…I’m at war with my own heart sometimes"
"Met Katie Couric. Shes mean as hell. So is Al Roker."
"Come see us at both locations for Small Business Saturday!!!"
"Looking at your show which I do every night. Good Job.What Skaky Oneal gave you from inside his crotch?Thats nasty germy stuff"
"I agree. Now following you."
"~love the pics. Glad to see Dre sporting a ducks hat. Gonna miss him on the court if & when the season begins."
"You're welcome :)"
"I'm not even there :D just for fun"
"Chutney is an excellent suggestion, but I need to balance the salt in the brine, so I may take that chutney to a different corner"
"Try varying your exercise routine on a regular basis. Combine cardio exercises, strength training, and fitness classes to stay interested"
"I didn't wanna leave..."
"We finally have warm weather here in CA! Perfect riding weather. Did you do any riding this past Father's Day weekend?"
"Thanks for following from a diehard Orioles fan! :)"
"Anyone with any experience with transcription software for oral histories? Looking to invest in some for our lab. ?"
"then it got cheesy cuz you could make a top 32, and then 64,smh"
"word to me son, it is hard to compete with the waist to ass ratio of That shit don't make any sense."
"Invitation to connect on LinkedIn"
"im honestly not 100% sure if to believe Jelena broke up. their even saying it on facebook..."
"Long day at work glad to finally be off work, then went to see my grandmother! My day is made !"
"OMG AW.<3 YOUR ICON IS DA BEST."
"I just heard this, \"Damn it's wetter outside than the last bitch I fucked.\" What a prick -.-"
"I tweet @ people who don't know me. I'm a Hufflepuff!"
"I wanna fuck something"
"I need to go see Hands Like Houses..."
"I was a huge fan growing up Chris...then just got back into it around WM 27. Super pumped for this years event in Miami!"
"#SocStart panel is trending in DC! Keep it up @"
"you are a special one."
"Who are these children in my kitchen?! \"Would you like your grapes chopped or whole?\""
"Mitsubishi Motors Reports April Sales"
"Click 'LIKE' if you think 2012 is going to be a great year for you ..."
"who does your massages? Does she work by herself or for a company?"
"If baby comes today, name choices are Lando, Han or Jabba. If unexpectedly a girl, stealing Chewbecky."
"sure, but I'm gonna need like 20 more min ha. Cody and Tim are on their way over there if you wanna meet them ?"
"this morning was a definite fail"
"Don't worry, , I have at least an hour on the importance of using a full-tang sword while fighting the undead. Knock-offs shatter."
"another crutch word I have is groovy in more informal settings and I've been getting made fun for that!"
"what he do"
"Wow!! just said \"He would take Rogers over any other QB in the #NFL, even Peyton,Brees,and Brady."
"The January 29th show is going to be amazing! Get yiur tickets now at www.cagestars.com featuring the band Jackie"
"I do workshops on it & have an article about community engaged scholarship on the tenure track. Maybe it'll help. We can also DM"
"Sunday Quote: \"Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. If you can dream it, you can make it so.\" -Belva Davis"
"I have not met you Before. But I have keen following many other strong believers in Christ. Hoping that they might follow me"
"Thank you! We are working hard to expand the community, we really appreciate your support and help in getting the word out!"
"Thank you for the follow M. Catherine Happy 2012!"
"sounds good!! You'll love it!! But I'd try to get it soon if you want it, they take forever to heal!"
"And nobody knows it but me..."
"Got to the DR's office for a 9:30 appt. Still waiting @ 10:15! Why do they think their time is any more valuable than mine."
"Blogging: I HAVE MISSED IT! The blog's back in action tomorrow, y'all."
"It is hotter than a plasma screen TV in a crack house outside!!"
"This sounds like it cld really work: Chechen govt hopes find of dinosaur eggs will help turn region into nature preserve, shed violent rep"
"u better go!"
"Domestic drafts & house wines only! RT I won my office bracket. Time to pick where and are taking me for drinks"
"RT : Please don't distract me from work guys :) Cool group || ha get to work coming up w/ #signs4sanity slogans"
"So how do we RETHINK Detroit? Can we RETHINK it ? Is there a solution, a vision?Where do we go from here?"
"Land being bad tonight!!!!!!!!"
"yeah I think a lot get written at MICA, interesting you've had the same thought, might be a fun project"
"There is nobody in the RMA except for working people and it makes me sad because I don't know where anyone is and I'm all lonely."
"I'm doing great! How about you?"
"In their opening statements, Vince lays out vision for our city's future. Fenty lays out his attacks on Vince."
"okay; fair; I agree with you"
"all going well cant complain, just getting many things done these days, speak soon for sure."
"OH iight we were there for a minute my bad what are you talking about?"
"FF If you are looking for a great person for marketing reach out to Stephanie"
"Aw yea GM"
"Janoris Jenkins will turn to be the best CB in this draft. Steal in the 2nd round."
"I wonder why the Sprockets movie fell apart."
"#retweet ~> : To the #moms Happy Morhers Day!"
"#ICantEvenLie I'm in love with you...but the sad part is you don't love me back"
"Native Remedies has a natural remedy for all your needs, With over 250 herbal and homeopathic natural remedies"
"I dunno, man. About half of what YA authors say would create scandal among the bloggers / goodreads people."
"should i offer money as a reward for whoever speaks the truth?"
"Club for Growth endorses Richard Mourdock in Lugar race"
"that about sums it up, yeah!"
"No. I got back into 3 of my 5 classes. On the waiting list for the other 2. But I was 10th on the list for one, now I'm 26th. FML"
"is the ultimate bro!"
"I check my horoscope at the end of the day just to see if it was right."
"it's never enough, but you could make it work!“:Thanks for the thought, would 12 days be enough for top to bottom though?”"
"The dearth of chatter re: poor panel quality/biased recruiting has me wishing we could microchip consumer brains to collect"
"Nope, the funds utsa pumps into ticket760, so UTSA has paid for his support! so Taylor now backs us :-)"
"thanks for all the RTs! Greatly appreciated"
"Then get one! We'll hook you up with some free ones soon!"
"Cyclists want to share the roads with cars? Start by abiding by the same laws."
"You might as well pay attention. Everyone else gets paid."
"Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving."
"I hate when teachers get mad that i had to go to the bathroom. Excuse me for having to pee"
"So with football season really over now I guess it really is basketball season"
"Today in #JOUR4953 we had a lively discussion about old school and new school journalism with Mike Gousha!"
"I feel special though"
"Keep up the good music bro!"
"I'd tune in for that. Sorry, loved Zodiac."
"Yes it is - how is blogtv looking?"
"Tebow's career is over. He had a chance in Jacksonville, but New York is going to crush him. His choice though!"
"What a beautiful day"
"DED Kriabo Kacyira: \"Methods of communication are only as valuable as their ability to liberate people from their circumstance\""
"Tomorrow's deal looks yummy. BlueFire Bar and Grill inside the Buffalo Marriott. $20 for a $45 voucher!!"
"looking forward to our shoot on the 20th I know its going to be fab!"
"Oh my God...Yale better stop tweeting ridiculous stuff now :-P"
"Got 2 henna / some other wierd named tattoos! Gotta love the fair"
"I love when bitches text back right awayy"
"RT Man the hair dryer is exceptionally hot today...I feel like I laid my head in the devils #Crotch!!lap lmao"
"Have a super nice weekend, enjoy,relax & keep us in mind for your Brazilian Hardwood flooring needs!Cumaru - Ipe - Jatoba & more"
"Arguably Roenicke erred by PHing him there. \"Just put the ball in play\" is NOT George's game."
": Nah. Just shoveled my sidewalk and steps in line w/ city ordinances. Ultimate frisbee going on across the street; I'm doing HW."
"Updating our website so to add the subscription feature for Nuits D'Elite! Check back soon!"
"Adtech is a little overwhelming this year"
"#Navy turns to War of 1812 for help: //goo.gl/F9peB"
"I DIDN'T MEAN TO HURT YOU, I'M SO SORRY. DO YOU REALLY WANT ME TO LET GO OF HIM? I MISS YOU SO MUCH. PLEASE COMEBACK. :("
"average engagement rate on Facebook is 2%"
"Maybe we'll start a movement - HARK!"
"not doin it this week...sorry not feeling like writing anymore"
"“: “If a nice guy finishes last, it's because his lady comes first.\"”"
"Lester Hudson to Jeremy Lin: HOLD MUH DICK"
"This week's www.DocumentaryTelevision.com examines The Oprah Winfrey Network, set to launch in 2011"
"Would you follow YOU, if you were lost?"
"by business u mean looking through your couch for change."
"i dnt play games but if i happen to be into one burner to his melon jus my version of temple run"
"lemme see if i can hit 8,800 before the day is over"
"\"Vacancy,\" the 2011 Tokyo MountZine-winning collection of 35mm photos taken at—and on top of—NYC's World Trade Center in 1998. bit.ly/omesul"
"Really liking spicy foods should be considered a form of masochism 😂"
"i only drink skim already. awesome"
"Mo needs to teach Robertson the ways of the Sandman"
"that sounds amazing :) hahahaha me well , just same rutine as usual -.- school swimming home HW nothing ' really fun ,"
"As much as we complain, we have the best weather compared to other places in the U.S."
"I know it's super early in the morning and maybe 3 people will see this, but THANK YOU to the 1,000 + people who are supporting us!"
"stay up to date with us with a free AccentLink Basic account at 800-language.com"
"In line for the fright dome..."
"Today is either National Rollerblade Day, or I just entered a time portal back to the 90s."
"that is so awesome!"
"I'll just end up at the across the street until the crowd dies down a bit :D"
"cute. RT : RT : The conference so nice, they hashtagged it twice."
"still need to see your perform that track"
"Amanda Debus and Ashley Morley may also be going :)"
"But honestly I can't respect either band very much because they're both comprised of horny teenagers."
"I love you. <3"
"is in Portland tonight... Wishing I could be there :'\"
"Last min openings today and tomorrow for tattoos. All you twitter folks, ill hook it up if you come in, keep me busy"
"Stop action video in the making."
"Happy Birthday ! Hope you had a good weekend out on the town."
"Siberia contains more than 25% of the world's forests"
"It's fairly evident the Sabres have quit entirely on Ryan Miller. Ship him out."
"Knee surgery yesterday - such fun! Another month of recovery. Doc apparently doesn't understand how much I rely on my knees..."
"You know I'm just kidding, right?"
"I am loving your book, sweetie! Glad you are in a better place/space. Stay strong!"
"YOURE IN TEXAS. I WISH I COULD OF MET YOU TONIGHT:'("
"Productive practice tonight...pretty much have a new original, and can you say, \"Medley\"?"
"yes, it's great to see the character interaction!"
"probably not"
"I'll have to stay in bed all day to achieve wisdom"
"Eminems last rap in 8 mile"
"I need to stop falling for straight guys. It never has a happy ending."
"I would love to help plan a in Milwaukee!"
"Morning twitter!!! Let's get it!!."
"Sumthin big is always set in stone years b4 to happen but to understand it your going to have to pay attention n belive in your imagination"
"maybe... I think cyborgs tweet... Their cows sing, u know"
"Here I am and I stand so tall just the way I'm supposed to be-and you're onto me"
"An incredible performance tonight by the Texas keeper. The Horns came so, so close. In the game all the way thanks to Gaul's saves."
"So Rio is out"
":-) No matter what you say."
"Monday, monday, monday! Hope everyone had a great weekend enjoying some beautiful weather, finally!"
"Man, refund the fans for this game. Terrible."
"follow and please :D x7"
"AZ Rocks! You know we are following!"
"Still wrestling with getting back into something I was never good at: blogging."
"This is already obnoxious."
"Hi Eric. I have an opportunity for a SharePoint Arch in New Haven area. Know anyone? Can you help?"
"will be played at \"Copa L.A.\" 10th annual youth soccer tournament on May 28 & 29, Ab Brown Soccer Complex, Riverside, CA."
". Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to visiting you soon!"
"the amount of people i follow is the year i was born in.."
"A great new policy in our opinion"
"Take a break from it all and get some rest, my friend"
"Follow ! He's #ryankennedy :)"
"Currently listening to: Dogs of Babylon - Them Doing The Sums"
"Looks like I'm number 30 this year."
"Keep dancing Jacobs!"
"if you can't think of something mean to say, say something nice and pretend thats what you were thinking the whole time"
"Looking for Comic-Con news? AT&T quadrupled their capacity for the conference. Want to know more? Email me: ."
"You don't have to like me. I'm not some facebook status"
"Friends who are more like FAMILY made this day! I LOVE how God puts the right ppl in your LIFE @ HIS perfect time!"
"Nice tour!"
"ESPN 1420 online!"
"In honor of the American pop icon, will air Whitney Houston’s memorial live on channel 411 at 9am tomorrow"
"Ha! I'm from Denver & there were at least 2 of us who thought it was hilarious!"
"thats silly you guys look so cute!"
"Fuck, me too. I'm in Alex's room because Hanna's mom is here and they're busy packing stuff. Lol I'm so tired."
"Learn how to play nba jam first!!!! Pow!! RT Wanna learn how to play an instrument and incorporate it into my music"
"you the one who drive, you pick me up dawg"
"Needs halal meet ASAP! It's been days!"
"Reading is to the Mind what exercise is to the body. Keep your Virtue alive, cherished and confirmed by Reading good books;"
"Hey! No, I don't but, I'm about too! Thanks so much for following!"
"How ya' like them apples? Always thought your boy was wicked smaht. Congratulations Andrew! Very well deserved."
"What bands have YOU been listening to lately? I'm curious."
"Putting the final touches on the 2012 #apufringe application. Stay tuned & Pass the word."
"my new talent website is up www.actorsreps.com/blackstar"
"Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar"
"we have a butter cow bandanna at our booth if you want to add to your collection!"
"mine too, i just sync certain playlists at a time though to keep from having to delete anything."
"A1: My biggest pet peeve about a nonprofit sites is when they look like they were made from a template."
"i love CODY SIMPSON the most...and his lips are going to be raped by me :)"
"Yes! RT Me three! RT Me too! RT Hey let's go single sort! I'm ready to mix it up"
"Say Yes to the New Wedding Collection from Pinhole Press"
"haha you older than me, but I can dig it"
"back to ehh :P hahaha well still!! Stay healthy and safe!! :)"
"oh, you start the tweet with \"oh\", insert an observation, and end with a question? Are you Willy Wonka?"
"I bet that in prison everyone's FB relationship status is set to \"it's complicated\"."
"Vergne: 2012 not a Red Bull audition"
"This Marine Was Raped By A Captain And The Military Did Nothing"
"......when your broke people treat you like shit"
"I'm upset. I think it's time to bake!"
"Wishing you all a Happy Valentines Day!"
"Ethics 20/20 hearings ongoing; I am in Judicial Disqualification hearing on proposals to amend Rs of Judicial Conduct"
"“: lost in house music is where I wanna be, it's gonna set you free” he knows what's up...keep streaming the house music man"
"Bernstein: Raggedy Ann as a whited-up minstrel performer, her face an inverted minstrel mask."
"Woke up feeling an electric charge running through my bones. I'm amped today and ready to get some stuff D-O-N-E"
";; You're awesome ."
"yeah, it's too bad he didn't have a post game presser to go off about jackson's 1st team snub"
"In the middle of third glamour photo session with Angelica. Going great! Can't wait to work on the photos and upload them."
"199 followers... who will be our 200th? (We're tweeting daily about new, open research from #Columbia - who WOULDN'T want this prize?)"
"Thanks for the tweetin' love Austin!!!"
"Happy #EarthDay! It's a beautiful sunny day in Dallas today. Enjoy!"
"Silent Nights uses nanotechnology developed by LifeWave communicates with the body’s energy meridians similarly to how acupuncture works."
"Number Game Tweet me numbers (:"
"I hope you can make it out to the #HealthyATX happy hour this Wednesday"
"Drive is an awesome movie"
"I listen to BBC Radio 4 \"In Our Time\" and the Oxbridge historians use mostly BC/AD...American academia is so leftist!"
"Is it sick that I only tweet when it has to do with ? Oh well. I love her."
"Touché RT : I love people who talk a big game about #socialbusiness yet use email like it's only form of communication"
"So many nerds in one room. A dangerous thing."
"well fuck. i hate everybody right now."
"Bomb squad emergency vehicles just passed me heading west on Santa Monica."
"Every second is a highlight :)"
"Yes! It is working now!"
"This sucks!"
"Back to life."
"Nasser Al-Mahasher - 1995 has been appointed representative director and CEO of S-OIL. He has served as the head of Saudi Petroleum Ltd. ..."
"The Fifth Down: Giants Say Adrien Robinson Is the Pierre-Paul of Tight Ends"
"I feel like every day it's a new story about their financial/editorial/staffing issues. The bully story \"clarification,\" ugh"
"it's going to be like that episode of The Office and the Fun Run. It's carbo-loaded."
"Hell is where the chefs are British, the mechanics French, the lovers Swiss, the police German, and it's all organized by the Italians..haha"
"You're awesome Bethany! Thanks for snapping it! :)"
"This wind <<"
"The secret of success is consistency of purpose. - Benjamin Disraeli"
"“: Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records. -William A. Ward” -"
"Awesome! Thanks for watching!"
"and a partridge in a pear tree enjoy"
"has some sexy ass hair.!(;"
"I don't get how people want websites up ASAP but don't want to provide content."
"Happy halloween!"
"Idk lol but it won't let me do anything when it happens"
"Not me man *burp*"
"you and I are each the Prez of our respective Fan Clubs."
"Ok, we're gonna give this another go. Stay tuned for updates on our weekly calendar and more free advanced screenings!"
"Sipping at home. I just ran out of Mezcal and switched to Tequila. I'm not sipping anymore."
"\"I intend to fight obstruction with action.\" The coming season."
"Lots of calls about the Epilepsy Walks! Don't forget the Walks will be in November this year to celebrate Epilepsy Awareness Month!"
"I really don't like you ."
"Getting 100 dollars tomorrow for like no reason. Parents, you've redeemed yourself."
"Im so sleepy 😞 I miss my bed"
"Saw some edited scenes. Looking good. Can't wait to share our film with everyone."
"Haven't been on here in a while... getting all ready for camping!!! Can't wait to go, just bought a 22 foot camper and we're OUTTA HERE"
"When was the last time you shopped local? Was it for apparel, a gift, or a unique treasure?"
"Richmond bound tomorrow for a conference. I'm featured speaker."
"I don't want to be a Disagreeing Danny, but Toby Keith is a pothead Obama supporter. he's okay by me."
"How many people get horned up when they drink?"
"Thank God, I'm halfway done with the 150 word articles already"
"#FollowFriday Shout out to great leadership tweeps. (via )"
"\"Experience is a hard teacher, because it gives the test first and the lessons afterwords.\""
"me? Starting with you? Never! #sarcasm lol"
"Well this is it. The end of my birthday weekend. It's been more than fun. Back to reality in the morning. 365 days left of being a teenager"
"Happy Monday! Tell us: what makes you happy?"
"I should run for office."
"#Pratchett, Unseen Academicals. Terry Pratchett turns his inimitable eye on football/rugby. Hilarity ensues. Thanks 4 the reminder"
"Oh no. I only have two more episodes.. Dont tell me that.."
"NFLX Netflix is getting slaughtered after hours. Ouch! Glad we dont trade that stock."
"#fresnodld does that mean we don't want students to take anything away from an aesthetic reading?"
"Already awake, about to watch someone kill it at football❤then let's go 💃🎉"
"im waiting hahahahahahahaha"
"Playoff basketball is really heating up; great games went down last night setting up great ones this weekend"
"What is you favorite place to eat? In texas"
"Yeah I'm doing this paper during school tomorrow, NO way I'm getting it done tonight"
"Newt's campaign night is one of the strangest I've ever seen. He's clearly bitter and seething at Romney."
"In Eugene. Need food ASAP."
"right on dude"
"Sorry I'm not the girl you thought I was. I'm just me. xo"
"that guys wants to give me the d."
"Thanks for an evening of art-fun. The best kind of fun there is."
"hi Ms. Bobeah....you look nice today."
"Virginia Supreme Court to hear #AlexandriaVA Wales Alley case Wednesday."
"I got so much shit on my mind it's unbelievable"
"Thanks for the #FF!"
"aye chick....i missed u today"
"Haha knowing your affinity for baseball I swear the tail part looks like A. Your signature is only a step away from the big leagues"
"my moms mad cause i anit go home haha im always at my aunts why should it matter now ? wondering mhm do my mom miss me?"
"Indeed. Barring injury, STL should be a force in the playoffs."
"yes I do!"
"Yay! RT A book is definitely in the works. So many stories to share about the lessons learned on the road."
"recipe please..."
"\"our time last night was too short\" now that's open to many interpretations. =P Get ur face out to SF soon! Need to go pig out. :)"
"It's funny how you can do nice things for people all the time and they never notice. But once you make one mistake it's never forgotten."
"Don't say mhmm, it's rude... uh huh works better cuz you at least take the effort to open your mouth."
"I promise u the full story on that it's a multiple drink tale !"
"u got my Gmail?"
"RT: \"My best friend, , is a bad ass. #realtalk #proudofmuhhomegurl\" Ha, thanks for the love!"
"tomorrow is our First Friday! Snacks, drinks and sales from 6-9pm! drop by and get 10% off the whole store plus 50% all outerwear!"
"is a bit peeved at for getting to Operation Defriend before he did ;)"
"just put together that capricorns ARE goats - 'genia pura'"
"Watching all these criminal minds and csi kind of stuff makes me think that I could kill someone and not get caught like these people do"
"Listening to old Prince albums with Joe Donnely in the loft I imagine he lives in"
"#Coffeescript presentation now up at #DevIgnition. Wonder what type of #Node.js goodness will be discussed. Maybe even #Zappa?"
"The Dorito caveat was purposeful."
"this is torture D:"
"In playing piano, there are two basic types of touches on the keys. (cont.)"
"OK Tonight Remix VIDEO is DONE....will go up tonight....GOD IS GOOD...look out 4 it...NEED some FEEDBACK!!!"
"Baylors uniforms are so dope"
"I found the timeline at The Knot to be very helpful, but beware the marketing on the site - it's a little overwhelming"
"\"Tis mad idolatry when the service is greater than the God.\" -Shakespeare (Troilus and Cressida) (through May 20 at The Modern Theater)."
"Yep. Call"
"Just realized I got a Gilt credit from you!! Love you!"
"#RnBThrowBacks : Breakin' My Heart ~ Mint Condition"
"Dallas scored 3-2 Detroit lead"
"Ryan Tannehill= bust. What a reach by Miami."
"im gonna change my picture o and.i know how 2 please u cuz i can do things gud i learned about it in a playboy that i found in the woods XD"
"Feature on 's \"Last Day at Lambeau\" is almost in the can. See it Sunday night on at 9:00pm. It's really good !"
"Its HOT AF outside.!"
"yay!!! Welcome to the harper fam! :) I think this calls for the exciting bio change."
"Tonight at 11pm we'll be facing The Cartel Please come out and support us! Tweet at us for comp'ed tickets!"
"Sorry to hear about this. Which direction were you going? Also, make sure you are using the most recent schedule dated 4/8/2012."
"Thanks for the follow! I followed back!"
"He's such a good creeper. If the guys do anything that we don't know about, he'll find out"
"welcome to the life of us mere mortals Luke! Bet you wish you had a lighter bag!"
"It was a pleasure having you last night! Hope you enjoyed it."
"#tragedy RT LAST OAKLAND LUNCH TODAY! Soldiers&Sailors, 11-2"
"Thinking about making a new fb, but not sure just yet. if i make a new one i it will be under an Alias, just for i wont get deleted again."
"Ribs to start being served full-time: Fact or Fiction?"
"Cool, stable air over SW and SC WI limiting overall severe wx: Large hail main threat as more storms moving in from NE IA."
"I've still got cobbling to do, but It.Just.Might.Work!"
"You met Emeka didn't you?"
"I think every couple should own a pet together before they have kids. this is an eye opener to the parenting styles you will have!"
"sigh @ loss of equity. can't wait to see you though !"
"stop your bloodclot cryin, u never called me"
"Annual review at work today. Even though I have nothing to be afraid of, I'm still nervous."
"#TheAvengers rocked. Little dude totally dug it. We had a very detailed convo regarding superheroes, powers and nemeses on the way home."
"RT Scary for each person to reveal themself to others >> hi Rob! So true. Your seem to have great marriage!"
"great work! Good on you and your students!"
"Almost an hour later and I still haven't peed 🚽"
"My roommate literally just woke me up to tell me that it's nice out. Why."
"Happy Thursday everyone! We will be part of the Greenwood Art walk tomorrow -stop by between 6-9pm to see some nature photography and say hi"
"I THINK NIGGAS REALLY WANNA FIGHT IF YOU UNFOLLOW THEM. #CTFU DATS SAD!"
"My parents are in town today and we need a good lunch spot. Suggestions?"
"Two weeks from today, we will be putting together another 90 food baskets. Help feed a family in need at www.feedchicago.org"
"Every time I see the name I laugh, I don't know why."
"I wanna be the best I won't be satisfied till I am"
"happy Easter I love you baby <3"
"It's raining in buffalo"
"Food to the hungry today & care packages to families in need."
"one day im gonna go to brazil and celebrate carnival. then imma go to new orleans the next year and celebrate mardi gras :)"
"re: he gets that a lot"
"RT SAFETY TIP: If you see a downed power line, keep yourself and others away! Call 911, then notify SDG&E at (800) 411-7343"
"you're lucky you're all the way in Boston. Fucker"
"Spot trending now in Burbank, CA: California Pizza Kitchen - Pizza (live updates)"
"umm that's what you think."
"Pau Gasol caught on his heels waiting for that rebound to come to him."
"#FollowFriday #Travel Writer"
"em don't be hard on yourself. Ignore what people say. If they were true friends they wouldn't be blaming you at all."
"Need an afternoon pick-me-up? Try this: Blend 1/2 banana, 5 Strawberries & Peaches, 1/2 cup greek yogurt & orange juice. <- Quick energy!"
"The New York Knicks are hosting the LA Lakers tonight at the Madison Square Garden. Call now to get your game tickets: 888-493-0004"
"I can let you know a week from Tuesday!"
"I'm hanging in there. Of course I know lol. I wouldn't miss it for all of Middle Earth"
"Newt has perfected double speak. RT : well thats Newt-hypocracy at its best!"
"Thanks for the follow man!"
"im my tickets then like today thank you."
"I remember when I was in high school and hung out at the mall."
"I'm sick as a dog"
"To the people who have hired me, and not flaked, I wholeheartedly thank you."
"Keeping a pace that life demands."
"is it no good?"
"If you turn the music up loud enough, you can't hear your thoughts. I promise. Go on - try it."
"why are none of my boyfs at work... i look cutsie and its gone to waste"
"Jen is so hot, the sun cannot look her straight in the eyes."
"that is awsome"
"< glad to see ya. Please check out this girl. She has an amazing skill set, and a message that needs to be heard."
"chocolate love didn't tell me :("
"Got up at 8 to finish this project."
"you know New York Lately is next on my list. For real. Love it!!"
"\"feels like\" is listed as windchill or heat index in the API. NA if neither is applicable in mild/fair conditions"
"I believe in the imagination. What I cannot see is infinitely more important than what I can see. Duane Michals"
"What could be better than Milfs! Am I wrong?"
"hahahahha yes burn me a copy!"
"You're going to make mistakes in life. It's what you do after the mistakes that count. ~ Brandi Chastain"
"of course"
"smack thompson 'bout 2 lay down 2nd set 's in boulder...played some new and some classics i.e. jerry and simon garfunk...$1 cvr."
"I'm sure would appreciate the gesture."
"yup. Everyone's got a persona to keep up on here haha.. Rizzo is mad defending his guy and schilling is trying to stay relevant"
"Thanks for following! Hope to play there soon!"
"A project that's been on my to do list for 1.5 years is finally done. I thought it'd never happen! Now, vacation time!"
"let's go spend it somewhere!!!"
"appreciate your kindness. :)"
"Your a wango tango?"
"That sounds like a nature food store product."
"I did miss the Chinese Appam, but now eating w eyes! More photos!!"
"It's going to be a party for sure, all of us in are stoked to be part of it!"
"I never realized that Craft and Commerce was so busy on Tuesday nights. Very cool."
"Omfg Carry On Wayward Son came on in the car on the way back from Speedway"
"Why is it so wet in Great Britain?Because of all the kings and queens that reigned (rained) there."
"haha what the f... U talking about freak!"
"One day you'll see the clear blue, Beyond the Gray Sky. Happy day to all and to all a good night!"
"Wish you could come watch a game with us, that silly job of yours really gets in the way!"
"loving this."
"hey make sure u follow follow : )"
"Crowd is kind of in shock with the early placement of YEM"
"im almost to 40,000 tweets guise."
"have you tried thinking about frustrated that makes you? Maybe that makes you cry: not being able to do it. (:"
"likes where vagabondage wholeheartedly embodies its own royal raison d'etre; pimpin' the pomp!"
"they're spending \"family time\" together Jordan tried to shut it down, then they put Isaac to bed & closed the door"
"What do you mean by that? RT Consider a carbonara pasta."
"Very happy...its Friday!"
"nope. Southern Utah. Lots of hiking."
"Just left Santa cookies and a glass of milk. OK half a glass of milk. OK just cookies...which I ate. Santa gets a Bud Lite Lime"
"Lurking the shit out of this convo on my timeline"
"This day is really up there on the list of days that should just not be happening"
"with messianic rulership over the nations, sitting on the throne of David, bearing his \"new name\"."
"fuck her mentally"
"Fabulous #summer package! Thanks for sharing!"
"They have kicked us off the streets and onto sidewalk. WTF:"
"I seen a music player that looks identical to the iPod touch. It's called Samsung galaxy player. Really Samsung?"
"- Presidential candidates for 2016 Clinton vs. Bush. Hillary Clinton vs. Jeb Bush"
"Aw LOVE YOU LADY! President's Day trivia...that's what's up for my Monday! Lol...hope you enjoyed your Monday 2! =)"
"The U.S. House was in session 173 days in 2011 - one week less than my son's 3rd grade class."
"did you see IU coach Tom Crean's comments about our Cats?!"
"#that1friend who is always the quickest and loudest to yell shotgun but is the quietest whenever we get anywhere near a gas station..."
"Ghostfinger tonight! Someone come hang with me"
"I appreciate the follow!"
"This is a small world."
"Fifth element!"
"you may get there before we do! Save us seats!"
"Leadership - Let him who would be moved to convince others, be first moved to convince himself."
"Come see #TheOysterPrincess tonight with a live score from #BeeVsMoth at 9p"
"- Hey! Know any freelance SM experts who could help a Dallas based small business? cc:"
"Hey I heard you were a wild one ;)"
"Courtesy flushes are a"
"Another compromising with the liberals RINO out of the Senate...good job Indiana voters."
"I swear to GOD , im comthable (;"
"ttp://www.cinemasinfo.com/web-directory.html Bollywood Directory, Hollywood Directory, Tollywood Directory, Entertainment Directory"
"Liv of is my favorite. We met during WMC. Really cool girls"
"Bristol Palin has done what most GOP members want. Didn't use birth control, didn't get abortion and will f*ck anyone at a wine tent party"
"really? How longs the set?"
"Patuxent naval Base..They are the Gants whats ur people last name.. u no in the country they go by last names..lol"
"ole girl thought she was hot, thirsty rat! I saw how she was peeping you though! Lol, told her to follow me on twitter!"
"Taking this test is stupid"
"Preparing \"bun\" for traditional \"bun and cheese\" at Easter. Hot cross buns evolved as loaves without a cross!"
"well lookie here! :) hello stranger!"
"Are you out shopping looking for deals?"
"At the #BlackCat in #DC seeing ! Make me laugh mofo!"
"You know your feeling is real when you're really into somebody and they're NOT your type"
"pringles is calling plays from his moms basement."
"You guys are open to the public, right? Just directed a member of the public there.."
"when i say i like someone i mean it when i say i don't like someone i still fucking mean it"
"i know right KayLee you know what your talking about why are boys do stupid , ? Why cant we just forget them"
"remember being young and dumb...not knowing how 2 act when titties were thrown in ya face.."
"I'm so in!"
"\": This has been one trippy ass weekend\" u can say that again"
"thanks Julie! i hope to conjure some Grimace spirits tonight"
"Good morning ppl"
"ohh, haha. I just dont get what she means by ”babies?”"
"artists that want to get on a collab spot need to contact my man and he will definitely help u get there"
"Just got back to FL. Sorry we didn't connect at SXSW, let's chat next time you're in FL. Interested in what you are doing at ninut."
"Rip Mr.Repo you were a great guy"
"We equip hunting, fishing & outdoor industry businesses with custom apparel & promotional products. It all boils down to branding. Hit us!"
"Best BBQ in Austin - Franklin BBQ East 11th."
"are you guys watching a girls night movie on exotic meat night?"
"Proofread carefully to see if you any words out. - Author Unknown"
"can u follw me thanks"
"follow me"
"Come on out tonight and see us, Third Stream Giants! 1005 Princess Anne St. Fred. Va.! 9:30pm, www.3sgiants.com! :)"
"I miss when i was like 7 or 8 and i was jammin' to Jesse McCartney"
"It's the weekend! Do you have plans?"
"didn't have the heart to make fun of him"
"There is absolutely no excuse to still be playing at the Rave, or going there. Ever. No exceptions."
"I'm ike the modern Picasso. My work isn't perfect, yet it is still beautiful and delightfully intriguing."
"see: Hamilton, Josh"
"I miss Bill Hall."
"are you guys aloud to use your phones in class? i've watched some of ur Keeks and u guys r using them"
"that cause you got it like that :)"
"Someone on my bus has fried chicken. This is not ok."
"Gracious substitute on res 11. VAUMC"
"I'm so ready for tomorrow. LET'S GO!!"
"99 Followers !!!! Keep following"
"Join a Scientific Investigation of the On July 2 Space is VERY limited. Call Monica 414/218-2202 about joining P.A.S.T"
"thank you very much .. how can i go about doing that ?"
"#ThingsThatILike : volunteering, helping someone turn their life around, shopping at the Pt. Loma Salvation Army thrift store!"
"Not yet but it's something we've got on the list..."
"Thank you so much hun!"
"I love it when several hopped up teenagers talk over eachother on the bus and cuts through my music delivery system. Not."
"Who do you want to see featured on Empiresteals.com? If you're an entrepreneur or internet marketer, tell us which deals you'd like to see"
"Keep your poker face on...some people wait for a crack in your armor...."
"oh, LOLercoaster!!1 I may have woken the neighbors with my LOLing."
"you have no idea."
"Looks like Century Link Field will be at full capicity for Cascadia Derby's, this will be awesome!!!!"
"PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 42"
"Can't wait until #ArizonaTakeOverPt2 more importantly I can't wait until Arizona has been #TakenOverForGood!"
"just holidays"
"Grade Athletes: NO, we don't , but their effort shows up during the game IF they practiced enough!."
"-walks upstairs- this is lukes room and ravis room , zuris room and this is my room -smiles-"
"it is fun messing with homophobic people"
"“: i mean i'm sure you could fit in my suit case so why not :)”hahaha knowing you and your wardrobe doubt it"
"To go somewhere you've never been you have to do something you've never done."
"What&#39;s Next for Nadal?: Fan&#39;s Thoughts"
"Heat led by as many as 14 in first half. Heat lead Mavericks 47-42 at halftime. Dwyane Wade 19 points."
"yeah that too"
"the ones that my friend has awwe they are adorable"
"hey there! Our prices vary depending on the class. Please call us! 504-895-1167."
"#BottomlessCup, 2nite , Doors open 10pm to 3am, NEW FORMAT< NEW DJ's, best #Afterhours, club in Town, #HipHop,"
"Happy 2012 Vanessa!"
"we gotcha on the next one. Fo Sho !"
"hey, a friend of mine might need a temporary or permanent home for her puppy while she searches for a house...any interest?"
"Workout done! Now getting ready to head up to the Nugget Market in El Dorado Hills! If ur around come by 12-2p"
"whats ur thought on the baseball hof and how u get in? Do you think barry larkin deserves it."
"Brilliant marketing: you can buy Sephora gift cards at Lowes. I'll be sure knows. :)"
"Also, I just sneezed nearly 20 times."
"it'll be okay"
"My 5 year old has begun stealing my purse. I found it in his room, emptied of all candy and gum. Now what?? :)"
"Ex-Green drama teacher indicted on sex charges"
"Congrats to Grub Literary Council member Andre Dubus I on being nominated for an Indies Choice Award for Townie. Yay."
"Touche! Yes. Stil, it LOOKS UGLY now and I can't bear it. I SHAN'T bear it!!"
"dinner with my mommy was great ;D"
"Today's User Group sesh ft. Our Lady of the Lake College is at 1pm! Don't forget to register before noon to ensure your space in the webinar"
"Hey cousin"
"Colts drafting targets for Luck. None of them look like bad picks, but it seems like they're fishing for headlines to sell tickets"
"Good morning!! Cardio Thai box class tonight at 6. Burn the weekend calories away!"
"I hope nobody tries to do Jurassic park in real life. They're talkin bout it on science channel lol"
"i know how tht is"
"So, they made a movie out of Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots? Complete with Eminem soundtrack?"
"RT “: The Twitter account for the fire extinguisher Amar'e punched has been created: (via )”"
"Glad to hear it! Hopefully you were hanging out w !"
"Well, this is the MA. I come back in the fall to start PhD work in my new department. So \"done\" is not the word"
"RT : Today I have voted and written dialogue for Spider-Man. God bless America."
"Goodnight friends"
"What to do for the summer until I leave for Morehouse in the fall?"
"RT : If she sit on the sink and take a picture 10x out of 10 her ass flat.>>>lol"
"#ThankYouGeo trend it"
"Wishes a Happy aniversary to Wilhelm."
"yeah, im happy and excited about it, i cant wait to get back on the field and fold some niggas up lol."
"Got a ten on my calc quiz. I didn't even need 's help!!"
"Win a Happy Black Friday Cake! www.blackfridayhaul.com"
"I wanna try i-topit!"
"For Mardi Gras, try the most authentic hurricane you'll find this side of 1955. $10 for 23 ounces of rum goodness!"
"Hahahahaha! Did a teacher really email you back in all caps?! Who?! xD"
"BWpkwy North slowing - report of a crash at 450 in the left lane"
"It is changing, you just can't see the forest through the trees. Ya dig?"
"i went 2 c Orlando vs. Knicks didn't go so well at #knicks has to pick up the effort! Magic won! Lol"
"Debating if I want to make meatballs or not"
"Wow. In learning of 's death yesterday, I turned to twitter to see if she was trending yet. She had 5800 followers. Now? 36,200!"
"April 27 RT : When are announcements for the American Express Leadership Academy going out?"
"It's Lunch Time!! :D RT #HotPockets & Tampico juice on deck"
"Happy Hump Day!"
"Obama:US pumps most oil in 8 years: 1) Not due to his efforts/he has REDUCED permits; 2)in 80's, 9.5 mil b/day. Now still only 7 Mil b/day."
"^es I don't now what age I realized I could sing but I do know what age I realized I couldnt live without singing -Ebony-..."
"I have to say that the do-over potential of an Etch A Sketch life is mighty tempting. Just shake and restart!"
"In response to Seau question, Rex Ryan says one of his sons had concussion last year, but is OK with him playing sport."
"every dollar is an employee make them work for u, you're life is a business as well, run it as such!"
"Streaming NOW: Entrepreneur mentor 's LIVE #ElevateRevolution online event. Learn to grow your business w/ personal purpose...."
"Remember: You have the right to phone home. Don’t be discouraged from contacting your loved ones."
"\"Charlie Kelly: King of Rats\""
"you're the sweetest :)"
"Give our boys some love #roadron That second half was dismal. Thanks for going to support the guys."
"Yay 4 xanax!“: The staged reading of one of my screenplays is in a few hours. I'm kinda freaked out that I'm not freaking out.”"
"Thanks for shopping. Enjoy the new kicks!"
"Free wings at Hooters if you take your mom."
"Follow the homies"
"#TideFlag for the prize! T Red white & blue = freedom! The choice to be able to do what your heart desires!"
"Okay that awkward moment when my followers don't answer me"
"Drugs I do them bitches I screw them"
"That's smart! More faculty could do this - if encouraged to think about #firstgen issues. These basics make a difference!"
"Dad ** RT : I hate when my mom lies about shit"
"Ezra Masch is practicing right now! His full performance will be on October 12 at 8 pm - write it down!"
"Completely broke down on the train tracks. What's in ur wallet?"
"RT Sunday I will be a part of a very special charity golf tourn with . Can't wait Bro"
"Glad you enjoyed!"
"Jacoby Jones catch may have sealed it after an Andrew Luck-y bounce."
"Mine doesn't have a Thunderbolt port. Less collectible :("
"Thx for the luv! RT Celebratory last class chocolate milkshakes with at -- So good every time."
"Congrats to #FlavorYourFriday winner ! You win a FREE bag of Tiesta Tea, Banana Split :)"
"back to kid Cudi"
"You lie about living that #thuglife but you"
"At times I just ask myself why"
"I Cried When my cousin died."
"Or, at the very least, that he has no twinges of conscience about it. I remember so many crappy things I did with horror."
"Dear You..."
"Ok allergies stop making me look like I've been crying all night. Love Spring - hate allergies."
"and I watched 1st 2 seasons of newlyweds intensively. that is why I know u r lovin the cinci win. congrats."
"send me an email and I'll sort you out."
"hey its me george"
"I discovered that it is really hard to work without an index finger"
"shit u tweet more any of my followers lol"
"How so?"
"You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger. Buddha"
"Random tweet *Shrug*"
"United Airlines? RT : United ruins guitars."
"FINE HOLD ONN"
"i love it when my wife sings. ;)"
"Not pleased with the apps that compete for audio control"
"I love it, I love it"
"Lol! RT I would not recognize LaTavia if she walked by me on the street wearing an \"I am LaTavia\" t-shirt."
"Check out my blog for my review of SHATTER ME by Tahereh Mafi!"
"Losing a patient is always hard to deal with, even when you know it's inevitable."
"do u wish from ur hart that to see every parson admire u and talk to him or to do something different with any one of them or not ??"
"Truth is stranger than fiction."
"Ohh, and Christina, that, \"...he's a real man who doesn't put down women..\" really?! Just shut up!! What you did was ridiculous. Ugh!"
"Tell them to have me! I would KILL to be there!!!!"
"inbox me her twitter name"
"Watching the original Conan the Barbarian from 1982...classic!"
"i dont speak with people that don't believe me."
"What is this the Depression? 1920s? Come on now. The recessions not that bad."
"Attending executive group meeting for WHO #ICD11 ... but this time, not in Geneva but Las Vegas. Go figure ;)"
"I wish I didn't have to wait so long to get my tattoo. I'll be dreaming about it every night until I get it!"
"May Saint John Coltrane keep you safe during your journey."
"I miss that words u repeat. I miss the first time when u said u loved me. I miss the times when I had to apologize for being unkind to u."
"Sushi and Sake with Ashmaster 3000 and Meyer in a bit. Becoming routine and I love it!"
"\"This is not a stepping stone for me,\" Dumanis says."
"Have a GREAT one!!"
"Well, we definitely both know - Howdy Kifah!"
"RT : Absolutely blown away by turntable.fm. If possible, it actually exceeds the hype."
"If anyone has instagram you should follow me! Mine's liveeittup(:"
"ugh that sucks"
"simply sensational #Follows ^_^"
"signing up another new client this morning. i love getting people healthy!!!!!"
"I got it"
"#Athletics! But We're ok with the #sfgiants cuz sf rocks when they win."
"gnsfinfspifnadighiopdvng this is new to meh."
"Will I ever get to meet ? Sigh...."
"We thank you all of you that have sent mails regarding the album and the good vibes.. .very groovy good positive vibes..(: show details..."
"I think you have to get a summer pass"
"Love God first & watch the pieces of your life fall right into place."
"Trying to figure out why we're in Hollywood on a Thursday night."
"pretty sure at this point, they are one in the same."
"A tradition unlike any other, #TheMasters on #CBS. Love hearing that line and the music on this final round Sunday."
"Fleshing out a new tune...acoustic RnB feel."
"M, breakfast just the way I like it...made by someone else! ;) Now it's time to make the doughnuts at The Art Plant!"
"fuck it I cant slide right now"
"I'm at the #C21GC Social #tweetup at Le Booze Bar in"
"\"Pastas nummmy\" at least my son thinks I'm a good cook :)"
"cocktails and cooking."
"Is it Mojito time???? No its Giant Mojito time!"
"great, thanks!"
"Headed to Omaha with the family. Seeing some great friends and headed to the Omaha zoo on Sat."
"I HATE soda especially coke"
"Thanks for following me on twitter! I am 6'6\", I could seek your advice for custom clothing next time I need it"
"Thanks. I totally understand you missing it #weallworktoomuch :-)"
"\": I better kill this test today after all of the studying i did !!!!\"Good luck today!"
"I'm leaving to go around 11-"
"TRYNA GET ON WITH YALL HOLLA AT ME FOR A PHOTO SHOOT"
"Sales Leadership Summit in Dallas - sales mgrs bringing up their \"tough\" issues...good discussions, solutions offered"
"im not wrong"
"He wanted free food >:) \": aw, some kid made my night told me I was very pretty :)\""
"haha so true!"
"Glad I have a one hour window to drop my cat off this morning. It might be a one hour cat carrier battle. I. Go. Forth."
"I don't know Spanish :("
"sitting in the student parking lot bumping refill !"
"Time to start reading Hunger Games again."
"If I haven't talked to you in MONTHS don't call or fucking text my damn phone. No picking up where we left off at. Fuck that shit!"
"I miss Fukadome so much...."
"& also that 50 tyson is better then him RT : I hope realizes that the Heat are truly overrated."
"I think we can all agree that one of the hardest things in life is trying to plug in your charger in the dark."
"Ha! True. Let's just say I'm the same age as everybody else from now on. ;-)"
"\"You keep your distance with a system of touch, and gentle persuasion.\""
"Seeing the hunger games again"
"Hahaa... I can totally understand :) Of course you love her to death, but taking care of any baby full time is a hard work!"
"water boy"
"another one!?!"
"Just over a month till the epic #KingsIsland adventure with"
"Heading to the Hamilton 16 IMAX in #Noblesville for #Avengers at midnight. Are you going tonight as well? Send us your pictures!"
"hehehehe yeah boy ;)"
"i like svu more than you."
"Well then give me some love and don't come at me all wrong, look back at the time when you were new."
"Is there a better chip than cape cod"
"Thanks! So lucky we found it."
"goodnite everyone off to bed ill be twitting soon......"
"CS Lewis's surviving BBC radio address"
"what a great New Years!!!"
"Looking up the word internet on the internet."
"Lol im going to hit my head against a wall if somebody that i used to know starts playing."
"Countdown to RokkinCat \"Hack & Tell\" - approximately 3 hours!"
"Anyone know of any potential funding for starting a private practice?"
"Hm, I think the world of #digital dropped the use of the word"
"ah nice. Back in TX?"
"Today in 1976, the first known elephant to come to the United States arrived from Bengal, India."
"It's the full version, so you can create/edit movies to the full extent of the software. RE: iMovie on comps. in CyberFresh Cafe"
"Finally get to see stamp. Seski not patient. About time. Want party to start!"
"\": First dates = awkward. First kisses = heavenly. First love = irreplaceable. First heartbreaks = Unforgettable\" tweet it girl"
"\"...houses in the neighborhoods.\" Nice."
"For the first time ever, I was completely baffled by technology today. The Coca-Cola Freestyle soda fountains at AMC Olathe, to be exact."
"yeah, why?"
"ON TO THE NEXT 1"
"had climax on replay all day"
"It's so wired how quickly you can start to like someone.."
"nice choice for quarter backs and recivers. nice new job. ur good broski."
"“: Everything cookie is best cookie ever...”"
"Reading Grotius and trying to decipher how #RufusKing used his notion of rights during the Missouri Controversy debates."
"There's nothing a couple margaritas cant fix"
"ugh is it normal to have to wait 45 minutes after my genius bar appointment"
"Feedback and support are key for changing help behaviors."
"Spent over 100K on tickets for large group travel happening soon. Need customer service help on details. Please contact me."
"does anyone know of ANTI-tech in Edu tweeters? would love to follow some of them..."
"#LouisvilleHateDay is here"
"Linen Pants x TOMS = SPING"
"No doubt"
"ily!!! I'm so proud of you ! & even though I'm stuck in the fiu garage I still can't believe u graduated.😳👌❤👏"
"You ain't got shit on me &"
"FINALLY HOME. LONG NIGHT."
"The answer is Yes."
"Whats with this new set? I don't like change!"
"makes great pillow like he makes great beats"
"\"Trust the Duck Luke\" - Yoda"
"looking forward to the end of Band camp so the rock and roll can commence and the jams begin"
"JP Morgan's Jamie Dimon said on \"Meet the Press\" that the $2 billion trade loss wouldn't make a dent in the \"fortress balance sheet.\""
"get ready for surprise stomps! yeehaw!"
"The #AgnusDei in #Byrd's Mass for 4 Voices is the 2nd best of any in the #Renaissance period"
"cuse is downright filthy this season baby!!!! basically got my bracket filled out.."
"Pittsburgh , PA! We are performing tonight at The Smiling Moose! Doors at 530!"
"All the nominees are in: Jackson, Douglass, Farragut, McClellan, Lee. Who will be #POTY1862?"
"Speaking of the river #ChiLive... #fitness lovers, try & take a day off from being a #gymgeek :-)"
"good! i hope that will deter you from doing it again"
"\"Foot treading of grapes is still used in producing a small quantity of the best port wines\""
"says, you want to be seen every where... I agree and I try to do the same."
"sleepy but glad its Friday. U?"
"Hello twitter world"
"Had to use the pointy end of a nail file to peel off a book label."
"Going to 5th period when there is 8 minutes left and knowing the 3 pages I was working on are done >>>>"
"DONE bro!"
"thanks for the follow guys+Maggie. tonight?"
"day 2 of the ASHA convention"
"Someday everything will all make perfect sense."
"The rhymes from and for these concepts shall be the dopest"
"It's great to see society is acknowledging the terroristic tactics of an ex-spouse. My ex spouses abuse is unrelenting"
"18 episodes later, its safe to say im in love with How i met ur mother."
"Imma tie her to the bed and set this freaking house on fire"
"Taking a nice long warm, shower! Lol"
"Another one of those days I wish the office had a patio. Or a retractable roof."
"IM SO PROUD OF YOU! #SaySomething TRENDING WORLDWIDE! #YEE ! <3"
"Orders are nobody can see the great Oz! Not nobody, not nohow! - Guardian of the emerald city gates, the Wizard of Oz"
"Need to drink about a gallon of water."
"- A more serious request - play some Mirah!"
"Why is it that overcrowded jail conditions only benefit repeat offense celebrities?"
"& i need you now."
"BTW, curious, your team's out of it, so who you root, root, rootin' for in the post season?"
"Working at Ida dance today. Still submitting to managers- most I've gotten is everybody is tightening their roster but I'll find it"
"Is anyone else's twitter being stupid?"
"I am old enough to know better - but young enough to still do it anyway!"
"dog just ate 1/4 box of gourmet chocolate. not looking forward to the repercussions."
"Philly is just so beautiful today!"
"Energy vampires, I calls 'em--don't let 'em catch ya lookin' at 'em. Arrrrrhhh! Fight 'em off with caffeine and newscasts!"
"Free profiles for a limited time and 50% off advertising including 3 ads for 1 deal! Check us out! Scottsdale, Phoenix or Mesa nighout.com"
"i was about to smack the shit out this lady cuttn me off while im tryna explain"
"the whole world hads going nuts"
"A quote ... who said this: \"There can be no social justice without economic justice.\""
"So what's a good breakfast spot at Grand Central Market?"
"#SomeoneIWantToMeet of course"
"I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them never happened. - Mark Twain"
"One day at a time"
"looking for a iphone ipad database developer !"
"a power outage to cancel school would be ok ☔⚡"
": Chicago west suburb. You're not coming to Printers Row in June by any chance, are you?"
"Agreed -- I think the \"I am a photographer\" story was an elaborate ruse. Our stuff may be gone later."
"Flight delays = streaming Charlie Murphy: I Will Not Apologize on netflix"
"Entertainment best bets May 4-10"
"New borns are hard to please.... #Sonotready Good thing i can give him back! #Sheesh He's a hand full."
"All i ask is for one tweet from you because you are so awesome!! :)"
"Who do u like better Miami Heat or New York Knicks? 🏀🏀🏀"
"I saw the Bat-mobile this past weekend in Oakland, where they are filming the new batman movie! Cool! Wonder why they had it painted Tan?"
"ITS A GREAT PROMOTION TOOL im trinna get my followers up den ima be hittin dis shyt crazy"
"...GAH! in my case, evil, evil squirrels- who take only one bite...."
"Follow me please RT !!"
"what's your # for todays's Marriage America conference?"
"I'm just responding to your tweet."
"Great baserunning by Vandy:\"back on a line drive!!\""
"I'm a Crown Royal, but I've sipped some Jack in my day. Got a new project I'm getting off the ground, like to share if OK?"
"My room smells ultra delicious."
"#aclly im closin my twitter n a day or 2 so if ur frends wit me an dot have my msn its"
"Dude I wish I had those! I'm talking about the cheap ones. An ear bud just sank deeper than the Mariana Trench in my ear! Uggh"
"Whenever i do something wrong i just blame Nolan"
"C'mon...that's right...CHEERIO! #nowplaying \"Brokenhearted\""
"follow me?;)"
"Thanks to all who came out tonight!"
"She is married w kids now"
"can I get a retweet from the hottest model on twitter?"
"Dnt worry be happy"
"It's Wednesday and that means ribs & whiskey! Rib plate w/baked potato-$7, $2 off premium & $1 off well whiskeys when country is on. 2NITE!"
"happy birthday man!"
"i was just kidding"
"I'm loving the music! :) Keep it up!"
"Astronomers do it in voids."
"it was great Meeting you Isis!"
"Thank God for Coffee."
"Writing my #2012 resolutions and putting them on the wall. This year, I will hit them all!"
"I really enjoy watching The Kentucky Derby."
"New song is stuck in my head. New 7\" on the way. More Coming!!!"
"Thinkin about getting a keek for this trip... Video everything! Ha"
"I am your constituent, I oppose SOPA /PIPA. Please do not treat me as a thief. Deal w/copyright infringement democratically."
"We lead people. We manage stuff. Difference between leaders and managers."
"follow us to keep up with latest news & developments for our upcoming feature film #ZombiePlantation shooting soon!"
"\"Tape you taping me\"..... and Brent actually talks, I'm relieved. Was wondering about that poor boy. Hey Brent ya sound cool!"
"you kno how I do"
"finally got the follow by seen her rock a few shows. she is by far the best FEMALE MC i have heard in TUCTOWN."
"I'm lately to the party! Hi suga!"
"Sorry, Andrew Luck. Looks like Tebow will be the first pick this year."
"that's Seattle for you. You never know"
"In bed before 10 for the second day in a row."
"Thanks Kevin. I guess I'm buying a book now :)"
"Have you set aside this Friday to come hang out at ??? You should 'cause there's so much to do: bit.ly/sW2Ean"
"Good morning! How's everyone?"
"marry me?"
"#sljsummit10 Don Leu no state in USA measures students' ability to read search engine results"
"go broncos baby:)"
"follow back?"
"Follow Me! :)"
"What channel for what?"
"If we don't make it out alive, it must have been a good day to die."
"still working..."
"For being so late you drive crazy as fuck!!"
"i want to RT this... just bc i think it is funny. But I don't want people to think I'm being mean. *you're awesome in my book*"
"Apr 24,1932: Churchill was unsure of title 'Great Contemporaries'. \"Perhaps Famous Contemporaries - Great is such a commonplace expression\""
"why do you have best tweets of life"
"Great illustration and I like that someone did a video of this. I use this sort of technique a lot."
"RT : Best part of pulling an all-nighter is getting to watch the sky change. Thanks, college, for one last hurrah."
"There are two German Shepherds and a cat on my flight. A stewardess just said she's pretty sure the dogs are going to kill the cat."
"It's like everyone is interested in sex know It's really wierd to me"
"Wow, Jessica Simpson is still pregnant! Unbelievable!"
"so whats everyones favorite brand of milk"
"Independent Stoner Bitches >>>>>>>>"
"Having good convo :))"
"Finding purpose in the present moment"
"Josh, It was amazing. I want that so bad!! GAH!"
"Looking forward to Friday, July 13: the CS Paranormal Association will be at OCC Library for an SRP Program: Own the Night!"
"Prom + Drama = PRAMA!! PRAMA 2012..I love my life! ;-)"
"Williams Paint Recycling Company is proud to be a Bronze Level Partner in the Partnership for a Sustainable Georgia!!!"
"xbox baby"
"Congrats to the 2012 Distinguished Teaching Award winner Deirdre Mulligan!"
"My mom's phone now cut off. Will someone call me immediately. Susan I've DM you my number.I've been patient."
"The Heat are shipping former #2 overall pick Michael Beasley to the TWolves for a second round pick. Next target for them is Mike Miller"
"i love that #The Bulls are a trending topic #drose, i'm gonna miss this place"
"Good morning and happy Thursday :-)"
"pls follow if you see this tweet. mahomie4life"
"Welcome to the Phillies Hector Luna"
"Family ? Lmao right . What a Birthday weekend."
"at least it's Friday!"
"George Zimmerman charged with second degree murder of Trayvon Martin."
"2day is a beautiful day"
"Excited for the #pbskids event at #SXSW this morning!"
"The ignorant and the wise are both engaged in action. But their mental attitudes towards action differ greatly."
"thank you hun…thats the 1 i ended up getting"
"RT : Hit up > at < for web designs!! They created www.djchino.net"
"And the interwebs seem to be out. Yay Comcast. NOT"
"I just want school to end"
"Next week is the Castle season finale? I'm not emotionally prepared!"
"nope but the guy in the corner hunched over his laptop, suffocating himself on a broccoli n cheddar bread bowl was."
"oh sorry extreme blonde moment :)"
"KEEP IT OPEN NEVER CLOSED"
"Milwaukee decline: March marked the fourth consecutive month in year-over-year jobs declines in the Milwaukee metro, according MMAC report."
"Powwow today, and YMCA free event. There's fun to be had!"
"Pocket tweet or cryptic secret message?"
"Hi Kimberly, Looking for a specific designer pageant dress? If u give me the designer's name I can check to see if we carry."
"I got 17 followers, so far"
"😁 yes... It's a private thing that is blowing up my TL as well."
"haha ohmygod.we need to get together and tawk!! I;d make a trip to chi-townRT : high-five, sister. High-five. Ha."
"That's it, nothing else!!"
"11 30 08 , I love you so so much. You've always stuck with me. We fight & fight everyday but my heart belongs to you. <3"
"Lol! Have I been summonsed?"
"Toddlers and Tiaras is trending!"
"While on my motorcycle, my Ray Bans fell out of my jacket somewhere on 465. Not sure how I'm going to go on.. 😭"
"that's awesome.i have to tell you that last year we went undefeated, won it all... but this year,in kid pitch.....ouch. good luck"
"I received a best of Ringling award today with for our exhibition design project, Dark Nature."
"The hell with this 930 game smh....I'll be out by halftime"
"Best day ever at the Grove with !!!!! We have to do it again!!!!!!!!"
"The best things in life are FREE …. Family, Friends, Smiles, Hugs, Kisses, Love, Sleep, Good Memories"
"Just talked w/ Mouse over at 3D Wheels/Gila Wheels. Dude is dope. Gonna come off some of his 24\" Vomit rims with a 3\" drop from Chaotic- HTX"
"I'm still kinda freaking out that we shot the moon came to my school"
"| Thanks for a great meeting this morning! The future is bright!"
"It lowkey makes me mad when don't stand for the pledge, if you don't wanna show your patriotism then leave mf!"
"As I was driving home today, a car on the frontage road actually yielded as I exited the freeway. I think that's pretty awesome. So, yay."
"just did an incredible story about siblings on NPR"
"heard from my lovey love... so good to hear his voice."
"Totally addicted!"
"counting on your vote for my cha cha!"
"Renaissance Society of America () conference this week! Come to our trio of Thurs sessions, \"On the Work of Marcia Hall.\""
"She got a cake on her, She gotta cake on her"
"- i know you're right, Meg, whatever happens. But Thanatos often gets the upper hand to Eros. I'm bi-polar anyway."
"Barack Obama It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur"
"“: “: #WeLoveLilKim, I thought April Fools was the 1st.”” lmfaooooood !"
"Treating myself with chocolate cake on a coolish Sunday night."
"What da hell."
"#cnn is describing #righttowork as a pro-growth jobs program-hasn't deregulating worker's rights taught us anything?"
"Lately as we continue focus on the Core Attitudes of Jesus, it has lead me to ask how well are they the core attitudes for my family?"
"\"I Made It\" is only of the most underrated ssongs"
"Just relax while he tears you apart"
"Any #dog lovers out there? Tell me your training tips, best priced stores for supplies, tips for a 1st time owner. #CairnTerrierMix Thx!!"
"that looks awesome"
"solid reference"
"My mother always warned me not to give a *kinehurah* but I'm risking it today. I am so blessed."
"What doesn't kill you makes you stronger<3"
"Just saw a little boy recite his christmas list to some fat, big white beard, dressed in red man in la carreta"
"RESPECT A WOMAN WITH A BIG PURSE JUST KNOW SHE ALWAYS PREPARED"
"Follow us !?"
"i wanted to try it but the look of it scares me lol!"
"My boyfriend is like a trampoline. I don't have a trampoline."
"hunger games...... #freemovie woo."
"u know \"Mindless Behavior is taking over\" is trending world wide?!!!!!"
"Believe I would sit Davis down. Kids had a rough day..."
"My comment to the China situation is pull the registration. The statement of challenges authority is a smokescreen."
"Today is gonna be my lazy day"
"IT'S ON AGAAAINMMOMB"
"Really liking him...<3"
"Yes, pizza is a vegetable"
"#ILikedYouUntil you cheated"
"Thx! It's baby #2. Hoping friends & fam don't think, \"Eh, she's done this before & doesn't need any help/taco boxes this time.\""
"Can somebody help me out ???"
"Here's a hint, if you are not invited to something...don't show up and take over. Actually, don't even show up!"
"Hm, what to do what to do? Sit at home? Poker? ?"
"but u look like a swagless pimp"
"#itsawkwardwhen you fall asleep at a holiday party that you're hosting and everyone is watching you snore"
"yay for that - congrats!"
"hot boys, remember"
"The auditorium in the law school is so nice. These chairs are so comfy. $30,000 a year for law school at Moritz goes far"
"not really. Just me being stubborn :)"
"I just saw new avatar and laughed. Aloud. Brilliant and well played, sir. \"your technology frightens and confuses me.\""
"Oh, I suppose, but I have always had a perverse soft spot for Pete Campbell, incidents w/ Peggy and Swedish nanny notwithstanding."
"dont u hate it when hair products dont do what there suppose to do ? :b"
"Tomorow morning marks the last walk to 8 o'clock class with and sad day in brescia history"
"Looking forward to it :)"
"The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. ~ Confucius"
"at the airport making websites"
"Canada is not exactly cultural magnet for magicians. But why?"
"thanks man!"
"haha gotta love it"
"ok Oprah! Live your BEST life!!!"
"Off to Fed I go"
"THE ROOOCCCCCKKK!!!!! Yea"
"right?! He's terrible"
"So happy to be here, but filming a presenter with your ipad is not cool."
"you have a Pandora station!! Needless to say, i will be listening to it for the next hour!"
"You should get a team together"
"Happy Birthday to Handsome Mario"
"what happen y would she jump stupid"
"bring it to me I can clean it & make it look new. We have to keep our rings forever."
":) lunch date happiness."
"Phew...Almost done packing! I am very ready to be off to Arizona tomorrow morning!"
"I JUST ENTERED THE SUPERFAN SWEEPSTAKES TO SEE YOU ABOUT YOUR NEW PURFUME loves you!!!!(:"
"Wearing out my \"last\" button switching between golf and Sox. Was Rory's 3 wood real life?"
"RIP Donna Summer"
"in the spirit of , three words at three AM: loyalty to"
"I'm just sayin you could do better."
"Tomorrow, Ice House Pasadena, hit me up! Whos on board with my group? Old Town after the show?"
"oddly, much of the media has decided to ignore/censor what is a story of obvious national and international interest."
"fancy footwork tonight. Loved it!"
"Just in....the Milwaukee Mustang Cheerleaders are stopping by to party after the game and concert......"
"even on twitter you tweet too much lmfaoo"
"No, about a week ago. :p"
"Thanks to all who came to the Rubicon for Beer Week 2012 what a great time!!"
"Sorry you aren't able to be here. Luckily we have an active Twitter crowd here to keep you posted!"
"i burnt my tongue."
"she Bad Cause Her last Niggah Told Her thatt"
"AW YEAH 69 likes"
"lol it was decent this time....amazing. And a bit comical."
"Tiger might miss the cut lol"
"I hate Pretty Ricky!!!!!! Ugh"
"#Homeowners always should insure their homes for 100% of their replacement value"
"Where do you live?"
"Thanks for the #FF shout-out!"
"I need a job and I'm not gonna stop looking til I find one"
"here we go... thursday night class"
"lol I already put it on twitter....."
"Fiction 20 Down, Capital 7, Blue Haven, and Groove Juice tonight at 7! Hope to see you all there!"
"Happy 128th birthday to your bubbly baby Coca-Cola"
"#YouCuteAndAllBut your personality sucks"
"You've gotta be into firefighters..I don't have posters of firefighters in my bedroom but I'm sure I can get into it"
"Someone just asked me if.I had a twitch LMFAO Df"
"you will girl"
"I got my throwback on and I smell bomb af"
"she lights up rooms! RT : Your pictures are killing me! I hope you're having as fantastic a time as I think you are!"
"Just made it. I'm slipping into a coma as we spea..."
"those just sold"
"loves random group high school reminiscing.... oh the old days."
"Ohio's per-capita income has been on the decline for the past few decades. Improving educational quality could help."
"7.6 #Earthquake in #Acapulco #Mexico -- Monitoring closely here with"
"Excited to be going to the Rockets games this Wednesday and Friday! Great road trip."
"Tomorrow is my last day. 1st yr of college over."
"Formidable, yet. biddable."
"fine! Have fun and tell everyone I said good luck and do awesome :)"
"Congratulations to member Chanel Celaya for booking \"The Inbetweeners\"!!"
"Gosh..I freaking love zaxby's...eat more chicken or record music? That's tough..."
"About 17-18 years old. Yeah, I feel like I've heard the pronunciation but so interesting that it's making its way into spelling!"
":O What should I attach to my Airsoft machine gun? budget"
"how is it already 9:30?"
"Theater Review: x2018;Clybourne Park, x2019; by Bruce Norris, at Walter Kerr Theater Bruce Norris x2019;s x201C;Clybourne Park, x201D; a"
"How many followers do you have?"
"happy birthday! :) x"
"Wen i write i say the silent lines you never see on my life script. I say the hidden words that wasn't recorded."
"True. RT : please don't ask me any questions you could answer by google searching it yourself"
"Whoa Whitney Houston is gone. Way too young."
"Choose to live on purpose.. Let your feelings out & then move on.. Wear a genuine smile!!! Tomorrow can always be better!! 8-)"
"nice yoga pants where you get those? #yaman?"
"#celebrityapprenticeau goose bumps"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOHN LENNON! (Why isn't a tweet like this trending?) We love you <3"
"you're so cute Tonnie I can't stand it! Xo"
"Yeah, Johnny!"
"I'm glad you came"
"well wen I get off"
"My grits came out great!"
"Dennis: The University is a huge employer, the contractors want to maintain their position."
"#Obama you DISGRACE THE USA with your support for faggs and lesbo's .....your a sick president ....sad"
"in the gym u at home"
"#ffcs was off the chain. Don't worry if u missed it they will be back at Encore first Thursday in March"
"I'll be like ya buy this oh wait I like it too much SOORY"
"8.3 left I'm biting every nail possible lol"
"CHUBBY'S BBQ haha"
"lmao, i know i messed it up &, only you kay would bust me out lol"
"hahahahaha. You're not even following Dumbass"
"With Texas Tommy Butler at Dirty Franks."
"I love the evil look people give you as you bypass the elevator to take the stairs."
"And a big congrats to my Tribune uncles, and David Jackson, for their Pulitzer finalist story on catching bad guys!"
"quality final posession there Dwayne. or Duane."
"I AM Greater.."
"Just wrapping up a new ad for Sharp Equity. Should shake things up a bit in the Realtor World."
"AUSTIN IT WAS BEAUTIFUL. I THINK I DIED"
"Awesome video chat on Gtalk and Tango with my family in MD - I miss you guys!"
"The Crazy and the Real."
"Damn.... That sux"
"Thanks everyone for coming to VIVIDA. Seattle knows how to welcome visiting composers. Also thanks to partners:"
"Bank of America successfully pisses me off at LEAST once a month. This is an abusive relationship. Why do I stay? Because it's convenient."
"April Fools' Day is gone...don't confuse everybody!"
"haha, OK i will"
"Idk why you think youre so cute"
"If he were still alive, Adolf Hitler would be celebrating his 123rd birthday today and would also make him the oldest asshole in the world."
"Let the phone ring 6 times so you wont seem desperate \")"
"To all you lovebirds out there tonight: use a condom. Not trying to share my birthday with anyone else."
"After this weekend's Wrestlemania #patCAST, we'll announce another special episode in the works! Also PatMania this Memorial Day!"
"and I are about to host a Q&A with Doug Weiss as part of Mission Marriage"
"TriMet: MAX tracks are now clear at Lloyd Ctr, and full service is returning to \"regular frequency\""
"About to critique my Conversation piece. Lets do this."
"Happy Single Awareness Day!! Isn't it just fabulous...?"
"Do you know how many lives a single donor can save through organ donation?"
"nawllll but a yo son called from a 773-787-8628 in where u at"
"crying seems to be more of a trend now a dayss .. /:"
"GM WE UP IN HERE"
"did you get your id and keys from my sister? i found them in my back seat."
"100% Im getting a creepy looking eye on the back of my neck looing like my skins ripped open and sewn in."
"I'm about to get fired LOL at your RHOA video. You are crazy and yes gawd you need your own show"
"WOW thats sad"
"Big run by the Illini....need Leonard to go off or I have no chance in this $5 Big Ten game..."
"Gotd My Progress Report Today I Gotd 2 A's Nd 2 B's I Mite Be Badd Butd Im Smart Though"
"I am at a loss for words at the present moment...."
"Flame Boy!"
"Going to take my written test a second time so i can get my liscence"
"thanks baby:)))"
"eww that just brurned my eyes😱"
"#vagina monologue"
"Interested in hosting an exchange student short or long term? Send us a direct message!"
"Hey, I'm sure you know this by now but we have picture but no audio on ESPN 2 in Nashville. Not even commercials. Others ok."
"Right? I regretted packing away my coat 2 weeks ago when I was waiting for the bus earlier."
"Our generation rocks. :-/"
"Sick as a dog. Whatever that means."
"my gf just got signed in Chicago is it possible to get a signed if not personalized copy, I will do anything possible, please, ty"
"It's sometimes beneficial to forget what you know"
"It does!"
"\"Dear Communicator\" is not an acceptable way to begin an email. Thanks for trying, but my name is Sarah."
"True love = Fergie's dress. Rihanna's dress is gorg, but her hair = true disaster."
"#PRmeasurement Human behavior is likened to a toilet. We move hearts, minds, and opinions. That's not a facet you can turn on and off."
"#walkingdead all day"
"Hide 'n' seek champs: 1. Osama Bin Laden 2. Waldo 3. My phone on silent"
"Mega-nutrients, Augmentation Therapy-sometimes known as Orthomolecular Medicine uses supplemental minerals, vitamins & etc from your Vet"
"i wish vickie was drafted to ecw,lol bo, she still on raw:-("
"Thanks for letting us know the issue you where having with the contact box, were currently working on fixing it."
"I know a few bug a boos"
"good luck on your paper!!! Can't wait to see yo FaCE tomorrow ! We must 🐷out in celebration of ur graduation ..💙😘☺"
"I didn't listen today, my bad if you already said something similar. It's hard to tweet w/ you radio guys- you cover so much."
"\"He's not going to think you're cute\" LOL"
"Appreciate it homie."
"-except SEIU is not in the afl-cio, they are in Change to Win."
"Agent News from Pub Lunch: Danielle Chiotti, formerly a senior editor at Kensington, has joined Firebrand Literary along with Stacia Decker"
"Out in BridgeHampton at amazing Southfork Kitchen...Chef Joe Isidori is amazing. A must try if in Hamptons"
"Hey saucy people, just a reminder that we're closed Monday's except for preordered catering. Have a kicking' Monday!"
"you know I will do a sketch card for you. :)"
"RT : Stop being so damn lazy work nigga work work work work work work get yo own shit! Be a boss , & don't judge the next ..."
"You know what I am going to tweet! This Saturday...#StPatricksDay, ...ITS GOIN DOWN!"
"lol thats why i put it in spanish"
"imight be over her, but she fucked my views on life up"
"wish i'd known. was there last night for the tech cocktail. we have a tiny incubator next door. stop by soon."
"FREE training to empower you with tools to integrate and utilize the 40-Developmental Assets in grant writing and program development."
"celia and i had to buy them seperately because no doubles showed up and we ended up RIGHT next to eachother"
"What videos are you guys watching? We like to stay up to date what is trending online so help us out!"
"That's the other piece I'm juggling. You're right, either way it's a lot of time. But a great story for reward :)"
"I totally just needed a watermelon!! I have no problem with people telling me I look like you. Because you're beautiful.!"
"Is how you get so much followers? I doubt you know that much people."
"A few exceptions (VCU, Butler), but definitely near impossible to win championships, which should be the ultimate goal."
"Apropos of Nothing :: 'Statler & Waldorf' are the names of both ornery balcony hecklers from original 'Muppet Show'... lp"
"Has anyone seen Ryan Perry"
"my brother loves u and is ur biggest fan and would love if u followed him back"
"I don't mind standing every day, out on your corner in the pouring rain."
"Without Rose (18-9), theyre still a better team than Philly (.500?)."
"THANK YOU."
"Having dinner mexican food..."
"Jason, to me, you're Twilight Sparkle. ; )"
"fcn3kejfckqlj i needa tell you something"
"I have neva seen so many 40 year old rappers in my life lol give it up and get you a 401k or sumthin if u ain't got on yet its not happening"
"Military commissaries host bulk sales every May, September: \"I have been coming to these sales ever since I married my husband 12 yea..."
"Empowering youth...inspiring bravery..."
"Follow and support #southcarolina #farms, #farmers, and"
"You guys, I ate a bug while running outside tonight. I don't like bugs!"
"oh yea i forgot! and why your not coming?!"
"March 2011 Newsletter Released! Many thanks to our editors"
"Take the first step in faith. To maintain your balance, the rest of ur steps will automatically follow"
"Oh bummer! We'll miss ya'll at the swap! Don't worry though we'll be back to NOLA in Feb or March :)"
"Similarly, if you get divorced on January 2, you will need to file jointly (or married filing separately) for the prior year."
"Mom took my phone away . -.- mom gave it to sister to give to me . bye for now ."
"OHH haha okay I was like wow she spelled it wrong if she's talking about me cx hahah I feel stupid .."
"I can chug an entire drinking glass of vodka. It's my special talent. If I was in the Ms America pagaent... That's what I would do."
"so proud of you!"
"I love all of your adorable and great Instagram pics!"
"Clio, the muse of history, is as thoroughly infected with lies as a street whore with syphilis."
"HE is risen! Have a blessed Easter! John 11:25-26 25 Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. The one who"
"It was amazing. We have to go in and try it soon!"
"I think Pandora just played an ad in Portuguese (?) because I'm listening to a Gal Costa station."
"After a male bee mates with the queen, his member breaks off and he dies"
"RT : They'll talk about you in the end so just do whatever the fuck you want."
"Wat is two months lol girl my lisense suspended it a whole lot a bs in my life"
"\"I'm sure we don't have that DVD at home. All of our DVDs are bootleg.\" teen re: an unreturned dvd"
"Dad put $598 in my bank account c:"
"“: F u Facebook.” facebook said what time\" lol get it xD"
"when are you going to panama?"
"Operation: Do just enough to keep my job is going just as planned."
"hi could i get a follow back please? :{)"
"Failure does teach you stuff, and as long as it's not on heavily used production machines I can tolerate it."
"I sent the email questions today. Answer whenever convenient, please."
"Can't wait till they get older ❤"
"I'll be there! \": I'll be at the tweet up on Monday in Liberty Lake, you?\""
"The only downside to having my mom on twitter is that I can't talk about her presents."
"The Melismatics hit the \"stage\" at the 806 in Amarillo, TX tonight at 9PM."
"Getting ready to see Inception in a little while. Yup getting lucky enough to see it 3 days early. I'll let you know how spectacular it is."
"Quick draw! Call between now and 1pm and you'll be entered into a drawing for an overnight stay for two at the Priory: 888-621-6900"
"thanks y'all!"
"beliebeeerss!! FOLLOW & cause they follow everyone BACK!!"
"I want to thank everyone following me. It will be well worth it and i will help make your future a brighter one for you and your family :)"
"That's nice, Ed. But sd they not hv already known that? & what abt P Ryan 2?"
"Our dedicated followers: Help us bring quality information about hybrid and online teaching to educators. Have your followers, follow us!"
"WHO DNT LOVE MONEY"
"Is it me or has the music business been destroyed from the inside out"
"Wow Lindsay on #SNL really?"
"Bare jokes in the dungeon."
"Fucking Bruins, let's get our heads out of our asses..."
"Last night three polite teenages stopped me on Geary Street at 1:58 in the a m & asked me location of the nearest karaoke bar. I told them."
"- Hope 2 C U fri nite Shoot To Cure event at Chargers Park. DM/contact 4 details. Thx Byron!"
"i hope it was for charity or something. I bet i could make that for a hundred bucks"
"Follow me this sexy Saturday@ lockland bar grill 713 Wyoming. We goin in that 1 way. Exotic entertainment all nite"
"Seeing a ton of short films and plays for the Edgemar festival submission process. In the case of shorts, less is definitely more."
"good food, but oh, so many calories!"
"Anyone know of an informal screen for CAS?"
"!Buenas tardes! What are you reading this week that is interesting?"
"I never called u fat."
"btw, my names sharae, u should come play in Oahu Hawaii! Ill come!"
"when/if you ever make your way up here I have a spot for you thats a game changer"
"I can't wait till this class is over so I can go put some shorts on!"
"Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work. Rita Mae Brown"
"See Race info featured on the Cleveland Indians website homepage today, thanks to Majestic Steel! www.indians.com"
"\"Crumbling like pastries\" makes me love Ed Sheeran's A Team so much. Total sucker for songs that reference baked goods. #🍰"
"Instead give to yourself that which empowers you"
"I'm good.getting ready for work"
"EXPERIENCED Retail Professional seeking District Manager position or higher...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com"
"I love you <3"
"oh no i have to break the seal"
"Predicting a Crowie / Raelert photo finish!"
"#ThoughtsWhileRunning hopefully I don't look like shit when I run pass those hot guys."
"I want to have a good dream tonight"
"Seeking zombie book titles for middle schoolers. Got ROT&RUIN + THe ENEMY and DEATH CURE. what else r ur zombie fans rdg?"
"Just witnessed possibly the most fagtacular fight ever."
"Irate man who called Variety 2day: \"I need a fuck'n job! Give me a job bitch!\" Me: \"Sir, I like your chutzpah! When can u start!\""
"i got chu"
"audience stuffed with Gingrich Fans?"
"Forever deleting girls on facebook who complain about how depressed they are and how nobody loves them."
"sure! following ;)))"
"#Revenge is off the hook! She kicked his ass! So glad it's back!!"
"Someone I'm sitting next to at Starbucks is carrying her own whipped cream. She needs a utility belt for cherries & sprinkles."
"where's a good spot to watch the championship game tonight?"
"There's a guy on my train who sounds exactly like Cleveland from Family Guy. Am trying not to giggle."
"Sounds great, Daniel!"
"Hey, did we get a buy out today?"
"yeah definitely that"
"Interesting fact: Nobody knows where the expression \"to grin like a Cheshire cat\" originated, but it existed way before Alice in Wonderland."
"If you are looking for Official Monumental Gear, please make sure you visit the Booth at the IMM Expo!"
"Doesn't look like we'll know until a little after 8pm tonight, IF then... We're going to try to push the guy into moving tonight."
"what an amazing cause!"
"u have inspired alot of music"
"We are currently planning a keyboard. This is a cool idea, thanks for the feedback!"
"An if u against me u better do yo best to stay tf out my way!"
"Ah I'm going to wawa!"
"OMG, go away you creeper."
"Reanimation of Alison was one of the best RW articles I have ever read. Go Alison !"
"You and Scott deserve it all big guy!!!!"
"Trog has since made me apologize to Father O'Neal for laughing during his sermon. I couldn't help it. He did gesture so. -Clay"
"MAHOMIES! At 5:30pm EST, help the #OhioMahomies out & tweet \"Ohio wants Mahone\"! We really want to see it! (:"
"cool. who are you gonna play for?"
"On Saturday this year, the Milwaukee Model T Club will display their cars, including several trucks and a Fire Engine!"
"Is game design political neutral? Can it be?"
"Okay if you over use the word \"ratchet\" then i now consider you annoying as fuck. Just stop."
"Im a xian, geographer, and have volunteered at LL. Would love to discuss IJM's web initiatives and web maps."
"congrats to for bein my 500th contact on LinkedIn. You win...um...Wiz tickets??? ha"
"Partying on Friday in Austin!!"
"I'll wait"
"Pshh would never be my ol lady"
"EXPRESSING YOUR HONEST FEELINGS IS REALLY OVERRATED"
"Jellyheadz - One Way Ticket (COMING SOON)!"
"Rethink what we mean by research (Key takeaway from Blackwell & Martin article)"
"Qualcomm CEO at #YPO Pacific Edge: 1mm new broadband connections added daily."
"u can try burping your hiccops with ur mouth closed too lol"
"When you stop chasing the right things you give the wrong things a chance to catch you 👌👌👊💢"
"Rethinking the Unthinkable At #TEDx Evergreen"
"your obviously lying"
"Where would you like to see the Patrick's Sunscreen booth?"
"Going to be a late night...set-up/soundcheck/rehearsal at for #Spark...tomorrow at 6pm. Everyone is welcome! Come!"
"THIS WEATHER IS SO NICE!!!!"
"Love getting phone calls from Germany. Haven't had one of those in months! :)"
"One of the best movies of all time."
"the anticipation is killing me! Can't wait for the new album guys."
"then I take it we will cya in NYC Deb? :)"
"Making my #snca12 poster today. For the poster session on Friday morning. Probably should have planned ahead a bit more."
"I had charbroiled pork chops in Columbia City. Not too shabby ;)"
"is oh-so excited about the July 2011 wedding they just booked! It's going to be inside Bridal Cave in the Ozarks!!! :)"
"Any of you saying that elbow isn't intentional better remember it's not 4/20 anymore. Ron Ron is back."
"#ThirstyThursday cheers! Following.. RT We have a new Twitter family member. In NEW YORK! Welcome, welcome !!"
"of course you did ;)"
"#males main twitter"
"fLako!! Do it up"
"what ian did with his shirt doe"
"WHAT THE HECK \" LUSI.OB \" is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG.."
"Doing some script work before the big audition."
"Zinn collaboration...yes please. Andy, Malica, yes please."
"One: proposal out the door. Two: proposals in the works. All: about the future of public libraries."
"#Haiti airport tax will compensate loss in visa fees. On other hand #Haitians pay high fees for most visas."
"...and the Bud Light #superbowl ad advocates animal cruelty. Go figure."
"do you eat any of the baked goods that fans give you?"
"hadn't thought about it that way. Good point. Best shot for all 3 east teams. Probably bigger for Ovi then."
"I think I will! But Woodman's baggers are all pretty good."
"When the sprite from a drive thru taste like tap water<<<<"
"notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 18"
"#Guayaki San Mateo brew pull me out of this allergy funk so I can kick my arss in the gym. Workout time!"
"My ideal spin-off show would feature Leslie Knope marrying Michael Scott. Neurosis overload."
"I guess President Obama can write off the pit bull lovers' vote. (Except, of course, of the culinary variety.)"
"Luckily, If a black cat crosses your path at Gemini, it's probably just Lani in costume"
"#WhyDoiAlways forgive people who don't even deserve forgiveness.."
"Wishing all the mothers in Twitterland a very special day."
"EVERYONE FREE inside Club Empire Tonight! & in the building!!! - Whut up?!?!"
"that sounds awesome. Hopefully they still have it when I go back, whenever that is lol."
"Valid point. At the booth, we heard this guy say \"Yeah, and everything about this is 100% electric! No gas at all!\" .... lol"
"LOL He wont go unless you remind him every sec. lol i would bother him lol :3"
"The most destructive habit is worry."
"oh you, joking around on april fools day"
"Leadership Development: How do we move from ideas to action?"
"what did you get now? And why does it make you nervous?"
"I'm more than just an option..."
"My obsession with Usher is a little unhealthy 😍"
"Thank you ! Yes, we did get Intl press coverage & still are!! Sept issue of Signs of the Times mag feat's us!!"
"hey, it's boyz. be as selfish as you want. we're all like that ;) just keep writing it. omg."
"Hey pal, I don't care if you work for or , just because you disagree with me doesn't mean you get to be an ass & abusive."
"you were amazing tonight on the kca's <3"
"What? :p"
"Virtually all bodily waste products are acidic. The problem is that our body cannot get rid of 100% of the waste products it produces"
"looking good."
"Your thirsty bitch \"take a sip\""
"Fingers are crossed for the whole family. Hector woke up with a sore throat today..."
"Why are you driving? Legit, I wanna go home and sleep in my bed. But you're preventing that by driving freaking 55 in the 65-_-"
"yup. I got a two day rule. If that shit still in there it's unclaimed!! Therefore it's mines!!!"
"Don't mock me, Hurt."
"RT : The #roofstatus for today's #Brewers game is: OPEN!"
"Thats exactly what you get lol"
"Schedule your complimentary health history with me today!"
"I've got 's new record on pre-order, picking it up tomorrow at -- can't wait to hear it."
"Gunna watch #ThroughSinAndSelfDestruction I'm scared. Haha. Oh god. What's going to happen >.<"
"Thank you!"
"Found a present in my secret hiding place that I was supposed to give to my sister last Christmas but forgot. What a shame, she would ha ..."
"Bad air scorching dry heat in the triple digits that doesnt let up...holy mother of jesus i might as well be in bakersfield."
"Report to Twitter and SDPD-done."
"Long weekend, in So Cal, looking for a new home? opening new phases at many communities; check out their touchscreens, too!"
"Just got a bunch of lemons from a friend and am contemplating a host of recipes! Lemon curd might be the winner"
"More the $350 off cabins on the Incredible Allure of the Seas 14 cabins remaning ask me for more info."
"I feel the office has run it's course and they are just leading it to the slaughter house.the early episodes were 100x better"
"I'm obsessed with One Direction. Just a lil bit. I FUCKING LOVE THEM!!!!!!!"
"Join us and for #SpeakUpforKids Tweetchat tomorrow at 7PM ET: Parenting in the digital age. Ask q's at"
"R kelley concert tonight!"
"hi there... Okay we must meet! #mom2summit. I'm I'm purple"
"I have a feeling Bobby Valentine is going to do just fine in Bean Town...."
"Come on ya'll!! 12 more likes to a Giveaway extravaganza!!!"
"#SportingKC back to their regular starting XI. One more hour to go...."
"#giftwrapping. it's that time of year..."
"Pick me! Lol RT “: Dancing with that Stars season 14 premiers tonight!!! Who's going to be watching? #dwts”"
"whats that twice you;ve split your pants now? in Sheffiled and in the sports relief video! hehee only you olly ;)"
"First Blood on SPIKE TV ...One of the original #kickassfiction films!"
"~ Sängrë by far the best Southern California Metal band to come out of the 90's!"
"LIVE @ The Epicentre in San Diego, CA THIS SATURDAY!! 7pm see you there ;)"
"So ultimately it was Iona over UW. Brutal."
"Ha! Completely agree."
"Definetly a pleasure! Were looking forward to collabing too!!!!"
"So jealous."
"\"WELCOME TO MY LIFE. EVERYBODY, LEAVE ME ALONE. FUCK! GOODNIGHT.\" [Closes Door.] (My father, laughing, hilarious, drunk, the poet)"
"send us a DM or email us ASAP on to arrange a visit w at"
"It's payday!! "
"NP. Have a great week."
"Lunch at the with guest"
"54 year-old man eats his 25,000th big mac and is still in good health, HUH?!"
"Say you love her! She'll follow you! :D"
"#nw The Big Waste ... feeling guilty now. The U.S. throws away almost 27 million *tons* of food a year! Most edible but unsellable"
"haha, yes my dear! I'm too lazy to change until bed time!;)"
"Twitter a muthafucka!"
"bring yourself to taco mamacita nashville and see if you can finish all 18 tacos. Everything from lamb to plantains."
"is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 15"
"please follow me back cutie! ;)"
"Enter our Australian Open pick the winner contest at www.Facebook.com/ustamidwest Enter by 11:59 pm on Wednesday, January 18"
"ur not live:o GO ! i miss u already:)"
"seems like the difference between the M's and a good team this year is about 1 inning a game"
"RT : RT shady people have no profile pics ... *or either ugly <-- or no body shots , I hate that"
"Dear Candidates what would you do to support integration of the immigrant population. Perry, focus on the family support, through schools.."
"pics or it didn't happen."
"Does Tim Tebow actually count as a left-handed \"backup\"? Or even as a left-handed \"quarterback\"?"
"I agree-ery."
"Slept all afternoon that shower put me to sleep boring as hell wkend"
"Something is better than nothing."
"holy cow ! crazy people ! lol"
"A couple dozen d-men are cheaper AND better than Martin, pathetic.."
"oh I know! With two teenagers there is rarely cold pizza for me the next day :( xoxo"
"Ha! Not sure. A laugh if we're lucky."
"Look out for a new app launched today that will be mentioned in an article!"
"This page got hacked unfollow it and follow my new page for a quick followback"
"in my bedroom i have and couple events. but not like i was. i was touring thru out the midwest. just focusing on family..."
"According to Pinterest is the lazy man's marketing. Do you agree?"
"Our newest member is a great local restaurant. Deal: buy 1 dinner entree get 2nd half off after 8pm M-Th or after 9pm F-Sa"
"That is a lot to ask, but luckily there wasn't much to tweet about."
"HAHAHAHA. *loses mind*"
"hahaha he probably won't go"
"Slow jams"
"Bear down gymcats!"
"Great Women's Panel and seminars at"
"I'll treat you better than your ex,make you forget about the rest,&never worry about the next,I'll show you the real definition of the best."
"what the hell happened to the twitter page..? why do they keep changing stuff? is this a tweet... no idea now."
"We will be in New York in Sept. during a few shows will keep everyone posted"
"love you babe! Text me after and tell me how u did! Good luck! 😘"
"Time to short GOOG?"
"If my search history is any indication, I'm either planning a wedding or attempting to pull off a massive heist."
"Another day, another dollar..."
"The limits are pushed every single day of our lives. If it's family, friends or anything for that matter we find a way to overcome it!!"
"Tweet me a number and i'll rate your Icon, Background, Name and Bio<33"
"This is undoubtedly applicable to Bush, Cheney, Limbaugh, Hannity and the list keeps going and going."
":thank you :)"
"-thx for mention, you're linked in 3rd-from-last graf as part of tech-media network. Hope you found Yochai's research compelling."
"Placed a Press Release on Yes! To Cookies on PR.COM and trust that the media will be fascinated by the world's 1st starch free cookies."
"I love getting woken up at 3 in the morning"
"love me forever"
"Skool later uqh-__- smh This better be a qood first day b/c last year was f*cked up"
"I absolutely HATE dramatic people"
"I'm twatching !!!;) him"
"Hi Dr. Shen! Hope you are doing well! I miss having our fun classes together! : )"
"#SaySomething is amazing."
"Now in stock! Addena gloves in XS Extra Small Shadow, Black Nitrile PF Exam Glove (SHD930) Extra Small Phantom Latex PF Exam Glove (PHM910)"
"Haha #YouWish .... jk its true ;b I want you sexually in my ass"
"1 essay question down 5 to go"
"Thanks for the RT!"
"#WhatIMissMost nap time during preschool years"
"Sorry is the only Twitter account for all Milwaukee Public Televions channels. Thanks!"
"#ArtsTech panelists holding it together, not appearing \"weird and awkward.\" you can exhale now."
"Super excited! Miss Carnaval Miami 2012 starting in a few minutes :))"
"So who wants to take me on holiday?! :)"
"It ticks me off when Ur being a little bitch for no reason"
"Yup again"
"Haha. We'll keep our eyes peeled."
"3/31 THIS IS EVERYTHING, Floral Terrace, The Air I Breathe @ Frankies. All ages. Come hang out."
"bbq >>> perfect night tonight"
"I just learned that and was blown away. And it wasn't just the Nazis but Hitler himself that came up with the idea."
"I'm going somewhere without having decided to go; that may be the only way I will go anywhere and even possibly find the unexpected."
"YOU KNOW I HAD SWOLLEN GLANDS"
"Ready to head to Airport with for his fight on Tues. on fuel tv. Make sure you check it out it's gonna be a great fight!!"
"oh COUNTRY!!! Even better LOL. Glad ur havin fun :)"
"Great story from about the impact that blogs & media can have on patients/community."
"you're such a gentlemen"
"Half day + rogers = success"
"sweet! gotta love that!"
"Great news! Roger Clemens to be indicted for perjury. Couldn't happen to a nicer guy!"
"I guess i always spend my time in thinking will follow me back Iguess ill just act like i dnt care:("
"props on keeping yourself cancer free!"
"happy birthday ! i will never forget your birthday since we celebrated so many together! cheers to a wonderful year ahead :)"
"Back to discipline! Move more, eat less."
"Sorry but \"When I win those MegaMillions Im heavily investing in Chicago's #FGC Going to build a new place to hone the skills of our players"
"I miss you, too!!! We need to talk soon."
"One of my dreams came true tonight, i met the cookie man. Now Follow me, to make the other come true too. ;)"
"Thanks to for doing a great review and running a giveaway contest for an etched #wine bottle"
"CJ has that swag coming back!"
"no but I have a dollar for you tho."
"Sad to miss #mw2011. Hoping everyone has a fab time!"
"is that some kinda rodent thing?"
"Something just made me feel a type of way."
"Day off today, best Pittsburgh weather this year! great day to not be stuck inside"
"They call it Nutbush city limit!"
"You had 2 legs #LastTimeIChecked (who says this line?) ... Take a walk"
"in your neck of the woods today - you around?"
"You ever get the feeling you're being edged out. I feel that way...yup."
"SAT word of the day: calumny (n.) an attempt to spoil someone else’s reputation by spreading lies"
"Its about 2 go down Sunday nights tributes 2 #Nirvana #LedZeppelin #TheRamones & #SteelyDan details coming soon"
"That was fucking awesome.... I can't contain my glee!"
"My heart is yearning for yhaa... Lemme inside you looovvveeee.!"
"You still haven't explained what you think those are."
"Happy Chinese New Year&Lunar New Year2those that celebrate it!Remember what u do/act today is an indication4da fate of ur year,if u believe"
"CANT WAIT"
"missing the peoples' county club. Enjoy!“: re tennis. Would have to be doubles. Stopped singles 10 years ago.”"
"are u frech"
"followed babe ;)"
"You're on the list for next Friday (or whenever if I'm there). Come through then, sounds like it's going to be nutso."
"well you gotta remind me! Are you going with patents? Or school?"
"There's just got to be a better way to make a living. At least for now there's a weekend."
"Well time to end my night in good company and to the sounds of Coldplay :) Night \"Tweetas\""
"the dreamer -Newt - has finally awaken???"
"Those photos were taken pre Blue Ivy."
"Most #Tapout wearers would fit easily in to any 1990s MC Hammer video. Hat popped up, wild designs/colors on everything, baggy pants."
"It stinks outside."
"yes sir!"
"“: your in the dirty south?”<Yep I'm in the south that's dirty!!!"
"I laughed over here, too."
"Thought for the Day: \"Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.\" - George Edward Woodberry"
"RT : Heading to #Educare this evening to introduce to more awesome parents!"
"how have you been?"
"Also just confirmed a couple of cool venues for February, details soon!"
"Got a mixtape dropping late June, have some new tracks ive been working on that I want you to spit a verse on, ill keep u posted"
"Q: What do Robert Coles, Tracy Kidder,& Norman Mailer have in common? A: All 3 matriculated at Harvard. #Giveaway!"
"pick me!"
"Let me be clear a man who cannot keep a promise of the past will be less likely to keep one for the future."
"not from a reputable firm. I'd rather have a \"boring\" accountant checking my books than a graphic designer."
"I am at Franks on Harper and 12. Would anyone like to join me for an exciting day of madness?"
"Happy 2012 You & Yours!!"
"Wish I could, but I am to old to move to Mexico or Canada (unless you are talking about Play Money!) Your club page is ready."
"I could name a thousand reasons why I hate you, but I could name a million reasons why I love you."
"I'm so bored, I can't even think right. v.v"
"Seriously rain again today! Wtf mother nature!"
"that's when they announce them."
"this weather buh-lows."
"if you use Outlook, it's a way to keep messages outside of your inbox. Every new year I create one for the year before."
"Oh man, I get older next week..."
"wow danzell, you really need to stop."
"well said Santana"
"pleasepleaseplease! PLEASE!! tweet me happy birthday it's almost over ):"
"thinking it might be time for a LOST re-watch."
"what?I gotta vent sometimes too. Lfmao. Thats rite though, sometimes u just gotta roll with these punches rather than against em"
"Iran accuses Israel of bombing their own embassies...(why? you're probably asking?). Allegedly they did it to make Iran look bad...lol."
"I should work out but a map sounds WAY better so.....I'm out...ttyl....MUAH!"
"make that two of 'em! you'll slay them either way."
"This series is getting god! Looks like Mavs may take game 4!"
"“: shill shill shill RT : Santorum: whine, whine, whine.”"
"Just got done with Shoot around at Bishop Hartley HS - on way to go watch Lake Catholic play"
"Fucking bullshit that's all you speak!"
"Normally I go ass first into the FAIL. Tonight I decided to take it in the face. (insert your own prison joke here)"
"We'll probably play in phx very soon!"
"Going up to LA to drop off a friends car for #HIN tomorrow. Gonna be a fucking fun weekend!!"
"As far as getting the word out, I'm just using my mouth and the phone. If I can talk to you we will be working together."
"Na jonesy is at least capable of human emotions"
"Did someone can tweet austin and say to him to tweet me ??"
"Happy New Years to everyone at SATAY!!!"
"morning ms Ga"
"I like Cincinnati .. but then I just want to get out of it. Its a love hate relationship. Hahaa."
"Because I blew my college fund on season tickets for the kings"
"Thx bro. Whats up man? Hit me up dude."
"To the protesting students of CA higher education: please read Norwegian Wood by Haruki #Murakami. Thank you, and please attend lecture."
"2 more rooms to clean..and then some laundry."
"You never fail until you stop trying."
"Oprah Winfrey.... I love you"
"I tend to always end up shopping online when I'm supposed to be doing my homework."
"You guys are right, 360 MP servers down right now. Campaign it is!"
"Growing up here comes the growing pains..💆"
"thinking of you - the maine"
"Good Morning Packer Nation!"
"Annoyed/cranky, overall pissy mood. Thank you surgeon for leading me on that tube wld b removed in january. Stays in until february"
"video shoot right fast wit"
"Looking for an internship? Brand Ambassador positions are still open! Email"
"Follow me"
"great joke! Its picture day, we might have to use that to get students smiles!"
"Thank you for the mentions Happy Wednesday!"
"Will do! Mahalo! Hope you are doing well!"
"“: Dying to see the A Tribe Called Quest documentary: Beats, Rhymes and Life....” that is worth a retweet..."
"Sure as soon as I leave for class #Chelsea start scoring. Hopefully they keep it up"
"Randy Rhoads 30 years gone today. Moment of silence? NO!!! You should CRANK some Rhoads-era Ozzy today in memory. RIP Randy."
"would totally get together...wedding is out on end of LI but we are thinking of doing a few days before/after"
"My hormones are on rage right now, so, small stupid things the Lakers do, pisses the fuck out of me. Come on"
"I love it!"
"Weekly Ketchup: I Am Legend Director for Catching Fire? This week's Ketchup includes new movies based on TV's The Rockford Files , the Di"
"Thanks Lionel! That's one of our fave covers ever. Beautiful house, beautiful people! Where'd you pick it up?"
"Brady claims \"natural constituency\" in sustainability community - Even so, wants CRC built"
"Good idea about the pin! She loves her pins!"
"No wonder all these dogs are barking theres a lose dog.! Imma get it and throw it away if it gets near me !"
"what did cascade do...?"
"Thanks for the mention. I appreciate it :-)"
"Thanks What time are you open tomorrow?"
"Getting a ton of rain in Tampa Bay past few days. No drought conditions here!"
"Important interview today, folks. I'll take good vibes if you send 'em."
"Looking for home sweet home??? Call or stop in today 858.279.7410"
"#Imagine Austin: Ugh! Your last name is.. bo! You: WHAT? Why? Austin: I think you better use mine, Mrs.Mahone ♥"
"This Paper-View You Got To Pay For This"
"I would pin a corsage to your face if I thought it would distract the world from your withered oily t-zone."
"me either<33"
"Morning people: stop being evil. Leave the rest of us alone."
"today is my birthday and i would DIE if you said happy birthday !! (:"
"I want to get a hunting license, and legally shoot shit."
"19% left on my phone but still jumping from social network to another"
"Heyy did youu know iℓσνεϒσυυ♡? Well yeah it's true iℓσνεϒσυυ♡!!! Well bye!!!"
"Gypsy Death Star is kicking off the event!"
"Hope everyone had a great holiday weekend! Anyone have any good stories from the field or court?"
"#Orioles going with 7:15 start"
"Thanks 4 the get in pass @ Chris Spencer Birthday, MAN WHAT A NIGHT! U DA MAN DOGG!!"
"Thx for the add! Much appreciated!"
"secret life and the lying game tonight"
"If you are too lazy to walk a few feet to a crosswalk then maybe you deserve to.......just sayin"
"I found my copy of FOR THE PEOPLE [REMIX] I love it!!! Brings me memories of Mambos Hacienda"
"#BAYMAM - I KNOW I'm in the right place. Marley has made such a difference in my business already and can't wait for more."
"Going to the TRX class tonight at 5:45 pm at Sierra Fitness!"
"naw man. They are underachievers anyway."
"are u mad at me or what?"
"OAH is in MKE and I wish I could be there too"
"Luclay needs to stop crying like a baby, enough already."
"Haha...I just got this"
"I wish people would realize that there are a lot more important things and battles going on in the world than the petty shit we complain"
"LORD?! looks like a PRINCE HAHA! get it"
"Watching Bizarre Foods and they are frying taurantulas...yuck!!!"
"The afternoon is speeding right on by here at #Jobspring! Love spending the afternoon getting to know new candidates!"
"Holidays are another tax implemented by the government to generate cashflow"
"stop ur cute"
"Slacks in Town Brookhaven has closed!! I guess it was only a matter of time."
"i love it so much!"
"NKOTBSB will be on the Today show the day my sister and I are going to see them in DC!"
"follow for private convo"
"The other moores law: the prevalence of people with Alzheimer's disease doubles every five years beyond the age of 65"
"rented a car & driving to the nearest mountain range"
"my uncle called me at 6am and was like cmon foo is time for yo ass to fuckin party ..... o.O"
"Just watched \"The Vow.\" I cried like a baby."
"Your welcome nd yes I actually saw yuh perform last summer at tha Travis Porter concert at club 101"
"They won't hit u like I will /my only wish is I die real /cause that truth hurt and those lies heal can't sleep thinking that he lied still"
"Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Syrup Desserts - Dessert (live updates)"
"I cant stop laughing"
"Great Ratings for the TBS game, but who is the math wiz who decided playoffs games need to start midday? Bet SFvPhi rating were low"
"8 hours of sleep in total this weekend. I'm going to Incredible Daves."
"no but do u have oovoo cuz i think my girl has that!”)"
"But don't count your chickens before they're hatched because there're still 10 minutes left and everything can change..."
"Jamison rebounding well from 0-10 performance last night to hit last three shots tonight."
"That constant worying to find out \"he was busy\" ...."
"Fing FB,I can't get away with not visiting my family with the excuse I'm busy, they say not too busy you updated your status as bored, FML."
"Bitches they come they go."
"Wasup Lovers .. Were new to this whole tweet biz ,So get us some followers or whatever makes us look awesome on here :) <3TFOF"
"wait a second. Let's backtrack. What year were you?! lmao."
"Dont u just love it when folks throw philosophies they used to scoff @ up in your face? Have you sittin like I just told YOU that last WEEK!"
"Ryan begins with cosmopolitanism of Mediterranean--proliferation of trade & cultures, & its fluidity & regional identities."
"▒ Books worth Sharing ▒ FICTION ▒ Deadly Offerings bu Alexa Grace author of page-turning romantic suspense novels Check out this KINDLE..."
"Thank you, for the exquisite Little Red print. It's just stunning."
"I seriously want to smack some of the people around me when I go shopping -_-"
"RE Saudi's id'ing gays & tomboys: independent, in-depth, investigation by a voluntary Committee of Sheiks?"
"I have the nicest bosses and nicest coworkers <3. This job literally fell on my lap. I'm so blessed :)"
"it's like saying \"this cake is so rich, and my car is getting new brakes\""
"Yes sir I'm linking up with funk flex in a week"
"#idol - Joshua made a good song choice. It was smooth for the most part but got a bit screamy at the end."
"Smh my body hurt"
"P1 Power P2 Hunter-Reay P3 Franchitti P4 Castroneves Look for Hunter-Reay to take advantage of the next restart this should be interesting!"
"Keep making us Packer fans proud!"
"We have word that late last night the lead group in Arnold's wilderness army met friendly local Canadians on the Dead River."
"Fire at the dance studio"
"#SHRM11 - check out the crew at SHPS. They are great!!"
"RT Push for blues, jazz showcase on Chicago's Motor Row gains steam. bit.ly/o6b60o"
"oh I got it but he just said \"this\" btw good to know u still cant think of any new jokes. NMA must be proud"
"I feel like I haven't been drunk in so long .....thank god that feeling will be gone by tonight!"
"send me ya number on a message fam.."
"Scary movie marathon and pajamas all day with my best friend. >>>>>>>>"
"#1 reason I need an iPad - ultra portability for Internet access during conferences!"
"When I asked my brother why he didnt get his son circumsized he responded \"aint nobody got money for that shit!\" LMFAO!"
"love you mom!!!"
"Happy Saturday! What's happening today, MKE?"
"“Don’t ever worry about things that don’t worry about you!”-Wiz Khalifa"
"anyway it is a matter of weeks now until the print version comes out. most of the heavy lifting is done. hope it helps #autistics everywhere"
"lol cus wen a real gay girl came around u was foreign to everything she was on. All imma say is *new years 2011*"
"Skinny dip on Miami beach nearly black out drunk, check."
"I just saw Ron Artest's (I'm not calling him MWP) elbow and he's probably done for the season (incl. Postseason). Stupid move..."
"Who doesn't like to save money in these economic times? Advanced Mailing Svcs can help you do just that. Call us at 505-899-3104"
":) I love your smile so much ...., its so amazing to see you smile :) I love u Z!"
"teaching my son to drive...can't believe he is so grown up. Time flies."
"What's all this fuss about loving Starlin Castro? Sure, he took strike 3 with bases loaded, 2 out in the 9th....Never mind."
"Got called \"a damn good libero\" by the opponents coach this weekend, it's funny how one comment can put a lot of confidence in you"
"Finished my book this morning. I'm telling you, getting up at four has really made a difference!"
"Glad to report that AT LEAST 3 demonstrations took place at the hack line this weekend (3 dedicated groups). drivers were glum."
"no you are! Xp"
"OH: I fucking love wallpaper"
"So. Sick."
"Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are."
"great insight in this article"
"Got 1st place in my first competitive game of golf today! Word! Now GreeNHouse!"
"me 2 why u sad"
"Someplace where he might actually play?"
"Love...joy & mischief! RT: What's at your core?"
"Hi Robin! I'm submitting to you today!"
"just remembered when we're on stage dancing to that Mexican garbage at prom. #priceless. (;"
"Within you, I lose myself. Without you, I find myself wanting to be lost again. ~ Unknown"
"Um really. Did my power just go out?"
"Won't be product of my environment give me some time my environment will be product of me"
"UIS staff members have been scheduling lots of fake vacations to test the calendar."
"Certainly enjoyed your presentation at #UnitedwayAtl today. Very informative"
"Cold has now turned into fever. Back at docs. Wish me luck!"
"I did not know that. All the more reason for it to be open for use."
"Follow back? :D"
"I had a first this weekend. Someone saw me drinking coke in a bar and asked me if I were a Mormon."
"all my followers thanks for following i have only had a twitter account for 2 days xD"
"\"I wasn't drunk!\" \"Dude, you destroyed my mother's garden, yelling FUCK FARMVILLE!\""
"Will also need a PhD to hear all the teams problems...and a flask to wash them all away."
"OH: \"I'm geeking out right now. We're UX-ing a UX document.\""
"Retreat to Glen Cove. Who knew Long Island was this beautiful?"
"LA, CA- need females for photoshoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 160 dollars. (Casting Code B3)"
"stop blowing up twitter with our awful insults thank you"
"So who's right? #Apple tells me I can't upgrade b/c of #ATT contract; but then ATT tells me I can't upgrade b/c of Apple.. want"
"My mistake it's 4 and a half hours now ... :/"
"Tim Burton Show"
"Girl you hot!"
"“: \"Do what you love, and love what you do\"”"
"Why do teams try n take out ???"
"is the definition of Tall. Dark. and Handsome .!(;"
"Yes she was. She got flowers too. RT : Wonderful! I bet was thrilled to hear from him on Mother's Day."
"RT : POP Rocks!!!! We believe in the arts, big-time! This year POPsters pledged >15k to & is matching...."
"ihatequotes: People change for one of two reasons: They have learned a lot, or they have been hurt too many times."
"Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here is my number so call me maybe (:"
"I cant admit it out loud because ive spent so long convincing myself that it doesnt exist."
"Press Releases: Brazil-U.S. Global Partnership Dialogue (Brasilia, April 16th 2012) Joint Communiqué"
"Happy Birthday Harry Houdini!! Your amazing legacy will always live on!"
"You twitter famous huh?"
"I never noticed ..but The Hunger Games copied Julius Caesar the names.."
"New GPG/SMUGs member perk: 15% off all (including Viveza2)! Check your perks page for the code."
"sometimes i sit and wonder what the world would be like if i wasn't awesome. THAT would be scary."
"Hey thanks for the RT David!"
"Adam Rabinowitz (UT-A): Teaching through \"Maps, Mashups and Metadata: Geotemporal Visualization and the Ancient Mediterranean\""
"Aww. They grow up so fast, don't they. :)"
"Geek Switch - Turning You On To Everything New and Nerdy!: Final ..."
"Who the heck is George? hehehe.."
"Were they still breathing? RT The cool thing about #breakingbad is there can be no dialogue for 10 minutes and you don't notice"
"so fuck you go be with her asshole."
"I'm new to twitter, but I have found I really use it as a resource. Not sure how to generate leads from it yet."
"Thanks. We are parents who invented 123GoTV by KidExerciser that encourages exercise by using a kid's own bike to watch TV."
"When your prom date doesn't give you a chance to explain anything... <<< I have been following you..."
"President Obama, don't tell me we're coming home from Afghanistan when troops are staying for another ten years at least."
"ITS GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT PILLOW TALK FOR MR. MAGNIFICENT'S B DAY FREE DRINKS FROM 10-11. THIS IS GONNA BE A PARTY YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS"
"Our GameOn Podcast now has its own Twitter Account! Be sure to Follow"
"Waiting on my parents to get here with this spaghetti"
": long multi step sales process is no longer effective. Current road to sale is outdated. #NADA2012 True!"
"Be proactive and take ownership. We spend to much time blaming others for our mistakes and shortfalls and too less time working to correctin"
"You still talking about him..??? lol"
"hey yea I did just got to get my Hair done I'm ready :)"
"Impressed kindle iPhone knew the page of the book I was on on the kindle."
"Hey why don't you go look yourself up on wikipedia"
"#Newt Gingrich: tempestuous egotistical twit comes to mind. Just sayin'."
"Merry Christmas and a happy, healthy New Year to all of you :)"
"Thanks for following! Want a Stranger tee & Vintage Deck of cards? Tweet DO GOOD to win!!!"
"Revisiting one of my fave female artists, Natasha Bedingfield. I liked her brother's songs too"
"☼ To wear your heart on your sleeve isnt a very good plan you should wear it inside where it functions best. Margaret Thatcher"
"Great! Yourself?"
"Floyd bro u?"
"Me: Don't you have a contact that you can call at that company to find out what's wrong & how to resolve? : Nope. Your problem"
"Day 2 Film Producing conference"
"it's not the same without you here. Thanks for coming to spend some time #coworking with us!"
"I told my sister she looked like Jennifer Lawrence kind of."
"Director Jarvis: parks need to play a larger role in society! We need to assert park's roles in our democracy"
"Looking for gloves in all the wrong places"
"I LOVE ALL THE PG's(PRETTY GIRLSS) out there and if ur a preety grl u would be a HUGE fan of our groop R8D PG check us out on FB & FOLLOW!!"
"YOU LIVE U DIE U SMOKE YOU BUY SO MAKE SOME BREAD AND MULTIPLY 5 TO 10,000 A MONTH NO OUT OF POCKET EXPENSE"
"With all the fires in Texas, I'm sure no one will have trouble finding a light, here on 4/20."
"Oh what up ? I'm gonna spend my Sunday with you if that's cool?"
"RT : welcomes Candy Chang to Reno to present her project Before I Die Project. See a sneak peak here...."
"lmao you'll end up on youtube or somethin :p"
"follow back?(:"
"I'd like to see the production. Wonder if they'll release a DVD/Blu-ray..."
"Bring the beat in !"
"I know wth! Where have you been?"
"My bitch aint got no tat's ~"
"I got it going 7 But LeBron will take over."
"\"instead of creating jobs, they have launched a war on women\" - Sen. Maria Cantwell. Great to see EL wmn fighting back."
"awesome we will certainly be in touch to promote your events to relevant users as the time comes"
"not a twitter addict but good morning from a coffee addict!!"
"is running out of the rain, fretting over an ex, drinking doctor pepper, falling into lust, listening to thunder..."
"will be playing Cathy in \"The Last Five Years\" this summer...details to come!"
"if you don't like it, can you return it?"
"Just got to Puerto Rico for the YRNC! What's the official hashtag?"
"thank you! :3"
"I love you xoxoxoxo"
"you seemed interesting so I followed!!"
"If you meditate return this tweet with your name and I'll send you a e-book to develop spiritual charisma."
"Yeah buddy! #BOYFRIEND is AmAzInG #leggo RT"
"Am i dreamin"
"Watching the first spring game on #mlbtv! Baseball is back!"
"my arms are on fire. why do i even try to work out?"
"#ff : dynamic web designer; : innovative librarian; : talented community organizer"
"thanks for the follow! We hope you can make it on sept 10th!"
"Much respect to for giving us support for the show tonight in Paris. Who loves ya baby!"
"good so stop spreading your propaganda and lies. Tell the truth. Be balanced and honest. Then I won't have to repeat the message!"
"tweet the link"
"I thought you already followed me before?"
"driving home this late alone is not fun :/"
"Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 12"
"Please follow for a shoutout on my other account to 500+ followers tweet me a 'done :):)' if you have."
"It's fun! I'd be lying if I say I didn't love it. Keep working at it and it'll come for ya"
"We cancelled our cable yesterday in order to force ourselves to watch more movies. They show The Office at sports bars, right?"
"Good Morning Taylor"
"Is it appropriate to put up a Dallas Cowboys logo as something scary to decorate for Halloween? :-) I still cant stand those guys..."
"This moving shit is for the birds"
"Tripping over you like a crack on the floor"
"Credit Unions are like , they don't charge for checked bags!"
"Give an example of how you’ve responded quickly to guest or customer requests & needs as a priority."
"unless a bomb strikes your foxhole as the battle begins...."
"will do☺😘"
"Why so early? That's craziness! I predict a nap around noon. Have a great day! :D"
"My mind forgets to remind me you're a bad idea."
"yes i do, actually at HQ right now doing some work."
"When people steal my dayuuum food >:'c"
"heyy guess what im not mad anymore know why i stole my moms donut :D"
"Yeah I did but now you're not following me :("
"If Facebook ruins relationships then guns kill people, pencils misspell words, cars make people drive drunk & spoons make you fat."
"Amen! MT : Thursday's #Awake 1 of the best hrs of tv this season! Hope #Awake finds a new home for season 2."
"Im loving this weather! 💙☀😊"
"it's lyrics to a song you dumb "
"that's awesome! I'm from Seattle but my dad is taking my best friend and me!"
"I love having IUBasketball back. I feel connected again being an alumni and through your insights. Thank u 4 keeping me connected!"
"Ready to get tan AF"
"I think we'd get along. We're both outdoorsy types. And we've both killed many many bitches."
"nothing, you?"
"hey, u spell \"A$$\" like me :D we hav soo much in common"
"Our big stained glass window looks so beautiful at this time of day! Stop by and check it out!"
"Roasted some cauliflower with coconut oil, dressed it w/ tahini, lemon, olive oil. Pretty much the most delicious thing ever"
"Standing back from the situation gives you the perfect view 👀🌇"
"#erl12 ILS, discovery, ERM, sub agent all have knowledge bases that you're trying to link up on the title level"
"I'm still up"
"RT : Letter to Secy. Duncan: Schools need straight, targeted regulatory relief for next school year. Quid-pro-quo approach..."
"like you're glued to some sort of bloomberg terminal there, ucwidt"
"We are covering two committees today: House State Affairs and House Transportation. Also will be covering House Floor."
"#sla2011 #dsoc disease in pop of emerging markets drives down productivity of workers"
"Best to leave religion out of it anyway!"
"Omg. Help me."
"I'll save my smart remarks. :)"
"What are your best #litpickuplines? We're asking for a friend..."
"I have no bad habits, except for one ... wont be wrong in people .. Honestly, it would be better smoked."
"Hey if you like metal would you give us a listen:) we put up a new song \"some kind of fake\" :)"
"it all depends because I'm grown but I take my small children trick or treating and i get dressed with them every year."
"Writing some history and listening to Johnny Cash."
"Can't believe the number of students making jokes about the potential gunman on campus"
"Coconut flavored yogurt is the best thing i've ever had...NOM NOM!"
"why? Why is he like this? So much potential."
"I'm not on that list?? Sad faces all around :-( lol."
"Concert in TWO DAYS!"
"\"You are the sun and moon to me\" \"ill never get over you and you'll never get over me\" -above&beyond"
"Thank you! You are clearly a Twitter expert!"
"I know! They say it's overrated! “: Sleep? What is this sleep that you speak of?”"
"Must be a slow news day. Two news helicopters for an occupy protest on walnut."
"big vic..im ready when you are..DONT worry about MONEY we r all good fam!!!!y know how we do!!!"
"Also, I'd appreciate a Saint Bernard with a little whiskey jug around its neck right about now."
"Sometimes when things appear to be falling apart, they are really falling in to place. ♥"
"I think we're in it for the fun of singing and it makes little diff who's around to hear it. And also we can keep some of the songs."
"eleportay is a great word in pig latin."
"u r the bomb j cole cole world go hard"
"is he going to UK my man?"
"“: The average weight of a Chinese man's testicles is 19 grams.” Once again, WHO is doing this research?"
"Emani just hacked you"
"Do not look down on me for ordering a cosmo for dessert. Do not."
"Area Division 2 teams at Deerfield Classic include: Sugar River, Columbus, Lake Mills, Marshall & Randolph/Cambria-Friesland."
"TWEET ME A # AND A QUESTION AND I WILL TELL U WHAT I UR BEST WITH!"
"Rob Miranda, 32, said. \"I can't believe the devastation right now,\" he said. \"There are a lot of business and homes destroyed.\""
"Time for MISSION IMPOSSIBLE 3-GHOST PROTOCOL on my couch, one of my fav places to be."
"I know..thats why i fuck with you homie..."
"Cold outside bur"
"What I love about working at a hotel: if the fast food place forgets a straw, I can just go down the hall and get one!"
"(well..really I just wanted to sing & dance like her on a rooftop wearing a frilly purple dress :)"
"i love this! RT Used book stand helped raise $20K for Support the Troops; how to share books with troops: mbist.ro/pDvjNj"
"Hope you are well!"
"last minute cover in the making!"
"First session of the day, discussing the launch of Batman: Arkham City and its success."
"What a day! If u weren't here you wasted ur Saturday!!! We ate still packed, bout to shut down at 7pm."
"Two wrongs dont make a right someone has to be the bigger person and realize that!"
"Im a lazy fuck"
"#Nameafollowerthatyouwouldgivehead I promise I would dtm in a heart beat!"
"haha, I love it!"
"Every Tuesday 1PM to 4PM Dance at the American Legion Post #27 on Monroe Avenue $5/person"
"Yup. It's happenin. You have no control over it. You will now forever be known as, \"Gorilla Girl\"."
"Do you know of a place?"
"Moving day today. Crazy ass shiz. Getting super cool bench from neighbor. Will be queuing up Handsome Family Moving Furniture momentarily."
"Good news about the snow--it's too damn early anyway. My peeps on the coast got hammered, though--probably no power either …"
"Always! Of course. ;)"
"Unfortunately for my husband, who has a concert tonight, I'm the kind of wife who irons wrinkles *into* shirts."
"I'm Watching Arrested Development with Scott. Tell me again why you're not here..."
"Why do people wait to make decisions and send me tons of e-mails when I'm not in the office? Scared to be gone 3.5 days starting Friday!"
"doin good, doin good. Home with my kids this weekend - wife's away at a women's retreat for church."
"Have a good breakfast! Have a great day Drew!"
"...on second thought, some of the crap (i.e., the crap I agree with) is probably warranted."
"they put the color of their skin aside...they put their political affiliation aside to fight for equality.."
"I was kidding guise."
"Hey ! Thanks for sharing! Good tips :-)"
"thanks Shelly for RT- how are you?"
"why thank you =] really glad you like it!"
"I think I'm missing the basic premise of this whole #MendotaBlue thing. Are the blue chairs appearing/reappearing tied to donations?"
"There are only two types of honest people in this world, small children and drunk people."
"Seeing someone dressed like you at the mall….one of us has got to change."
"All the #QRCodes for the QR Code Challenge have been posted. Happy hunting, Class of 2016. Good luck!"
"I'll be sure to wear lots of flowers every day all day"
"And then I read about Mo and suddenly I'm sick to my stomach."
"Oh my....my face DID get rather sunburnt today...holy tomato"
"the fundamentalist wing of your party will never accept that. you are simply in the wrong party!"
"Israeli candidate runs for Congress in Texas - Jerusalem Post"
"Dear Followers, please don't unfollow. Sincerely, following you"
"Annoying ass ppl <"
"please convey our prayers to all our friends there. Thank you for caring enough to get involved."
"The closest Baby N and I are getting to #ACL this year is a jam session with Mr. Will tomorrow at !"
"Looking forward to dinner and drinks tonight!"
"finished LA Story."
"7th period hurry up so 8th can be over with already. I'm ready for my nap time ^_^"
"been hiding in Cali I'm on spring break rite now"
"I love having a sister. we're about to travel the world together. she's my best friend."
"Hill International Selected as Construction Manager for Two Transportation Projects in Southern California"
"If you're talking about the Chapel Hill store...we closed for summer, hoping to open back up in the next couple weeks!"
"Those who are faithful know only the trivial side of love; it is the faithless who know love's tragedies."
"Ok Ms A&R lol, Im good, None myself"
"#JPMorgan's new $2B fiasco doing nothing to dispel notion Americans suck at math."
"I love elderly ppl w a passion but they need to have their own lane to drive in...like the HOV-the OPP lane: old ppl plz"
"Wish me luck trying out for America's got talent!!!(:"
"To truly know the world, look deeply within your own being; to truly know yourself, take real interest in the world.~Rudolf Steiner"
"I feel your pain."
"RT : Path to the 2012 Farm Bill: Senate Holds Hearing on Healthy Food Initiatives, Local Production, and Nutrition..."
"Thanks for the rec; I'll request that book. Will share photos of coop progress (if we even go through with this chicken thing!)."
"We're looking for a speaker and a venue for this month's event. Interested in either (or both!)? Let us know: contact at refresh-dc dot org"
"This school year seems to have lasted forever...in some ways I'm glad it's over..and in some not so much </3"
"My pick of Bo Van Pelt was dumb, but Peter Hanson's leading so who knows anything, and now it's gotta be Phil, right?"
"The swap was too short. :("
"Yall better learn to walk the walk"
"Google+ Circles really need math set functionality. Intersections, nots, etc. Would enable stronger identity functionality down the road."
"LOL I'm guilty of doing that myself before. :-/ At least we're at the GYM."
"Rocking out at Luxotica showroom thanks to my friend Junior."
"did u make the team"
"Busy week to come, solution PLAN your work in advance"
"yea they at questions. Inform a show on campus tomorrow too."
"Awake. Too. Early. Grumpy. Grouchy. Gruff. Grr."
"Recurring theme in #chi2012 Pasts+Futures #12AB: blending fictions + forecasting in HCI designs. Echoes of Creative Futures by"
"The crow discovers some panicled millet and flies rapidly in compliance with its discovery."
"RT : Showing plain HTML works on any device. We \"break\" it when we layer on CSS/JS, especially when we do those before HTML"
"whoa, that's awesome. I bet you'll get 25k or more downloads tomorrow. Give it a day or two, then raise it to $0.99."
"Did anyone know that dandelions can grow to be about 4 ft tall?? I was weeding at my swim club today and I saw some with multiple heads!"
"I blame the Royals. When they were losing, we were winning. Royals 4-0 tonight."
"Sign me up! Haha"
"Thanks for coming! What did you think?"
"Adding the wife's #HP EliteBook work laptop to our home network. Good lord, what a boat anchor."
"What did we do before there was such a thing as a Criminal Minds marathon?"
"I am so sorry Mike, I'll be praying for you all"
"Good Morning... Happy Saturday :)"
"Then i will follow to get the latest news."
"I have fond memories of #whyculverwhy from last year."
"RT : \"I want to say a little something that's long overdue/ The disrespect to women has got to be through\"- MCA, Beastie Boys"
"It didn't take long... I didn't make it thru the 365 on Flickr, yet again. Hows the pups?"
"Rosenstiel: Journalists are like emergency room doctors who treat the bad guy first. Credibility takes precedence."
"I can only imagine how much faster I would get my hw done if i could still for longer than a minute @ a time."
"What is the one thing that all men at singles bars have in common?They're married."
"Blocked on Facebook: Done ✔ Unfollowed on Twitter: Done ✔ Erased from Cell Phone: Done ✔ Deleted from the Heart: Error ✖"
"Shout outs to all my Follwers and New Followers welcome to my world"
"Should i do anything tonight....hmm"
"at largo tonight"
"RT : Don't worry about what u missed, focus on what you can do now"
"In the library, spying on my Statistics professor..."
"One more medicated peaceful moment. (apc)"
"most males dnt care bout how dey treat women due to selfishness"
"Follow and get a shoutout from her :)"
"thanks for coming Shelley!"
"Looking to engage your Twitter followers? Ask them a question. This is a great way to get the conversation going!"
"Thanks! RT : Now he looks like a good time! Hope you all enjoyed your Cinco de Mayo festivities!"
"My 8 month old nephew is having open heart surgery tomorrow at 6am if you see this please pray for him."
"i want to see your hair fagget"
"It sucks how a tweaked muscle in ur lower back can totally hurt every little move :-/"
"Gonna remove my twitter link from Facebook tomorrow. Confusing"
"RT : Hey folks. A new line of storms is forming in west TX and moving towards Oklahoma. Hang on. One more round to go!"
"The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living"
"If you try to achieve at something that your heart isn't really into, and that your body doesn't respond to, you won't get very far."
"Ah, thanks again."
"ROFLOL watching Sheed Wallace making a put back basket for the Bulls last night. Classic."
"YES!!! That is AWESOME. You have successfully got a song stuck in my head for life."
"Yes! “: could you play the song time is love!? Its been stuck in my head all day!”"
"has anyone tried out Drag Brunch at Dish on Sundays?"
"Lakers will not win the NBA why they have a DUKE player on their roster lol"
"great report on Materials for Mobiles Written by the brilliant global expert and contributor"
"#niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it!"
"yo I see you need tickets for Robbie Rivera tonight. Text me 954-654-5605 I got tickets for you"
"Wonderful! We need more of that."
"I want to kill everybody in the world."
"you don't think it's infotaining?"
"Hilariously, same student sent same email after her exam, too. I did not reply."
"Who me?"
"No one likes when you beat around the bush"
"“: it would make my sisters entire year if you chilled with her for valentines day. She's in carol city.”"
"It's Thursday night at Grand in Stamford, CT with DJ Michael Fusco! I'm spinning from 10PM -1AM! No cover, 15 Bank Street Stamford, CT!"
"The worst part about having a driver's license and a car is when your parents guilt you into running errands for them."
"#WhyDoIAlways let my feelings get the best of me?..."
"“: Day 2 of #MastersPOV. Great previz talk. (It's good to be king.).”"
"not more historic."
"sleep forever"
"Clearly #grizzlies being aided by all sorts of things. Missed shots. Griffin looking slow. Paul finger and groin."
"hopefully your basketball team can win without the referees help against UNT. Go green!"
"Don't be afraid to ask for what you want when working w vendors. Use your use data to define your needs."
"DETROIT'S ANGEL I EVEN GOT RED WINGS"
"I actually will have the Packers green and gold flu ;)"
"ah... Im so Happy(: My Jersey Girls Just got here! I missed them so much <3 Great dayy!"
"....&Believe the world can change 1 day at a time"
"Helped manage a nonprofit event yesterday. More tired than I've ever been the day after my own events!"
"I wish you didn't work today D:"
"Happy for Octavia but can't help but think it's been 73 years since Hattie McDaniel won for GWTW and very little progress has been made."
"Congratulations Jay-Z, you now have 100 problems."
"Prayer Breakfast at Mt. Moriah Baptist Church"
"I on my limit to follow people in twitter. :("
"Growing more and more impressed with tumblr. Though not very robust (categories?), still great for sports blogging, curation."
"Has there been any proposals for high speed train service previously for the NW?"
"It doesn't say! !"
"We hope you can join us for Thursday's piano concert by Aaron Jackson, Horologion and music by Sibelius. It is free and open to the public."
"#Career Advice Pearl: The spirit you build with your team is a sustainable competitive advantage. Praise/Reward your team for performance."
"happy birthday! ur legal go do wtvr u want ;) jkjkjk luv u!"
"Sake bombs !"
"On my way to Cincinnati this morning for audition in feature film. In the convertible, top down!"
"Our new site is almost done yeah"
"Melvin Ingram, DE/OLB, S. Carolina. Jags gotta start somewhere, dude can get to the QB, something Jags struggle to do."
"I see great things ahead for you my dear!"
"Good Morning Milwaukee! Word on the street is, we'll have temps in the 70's this week! What will you be doing around the house?"
"Happy Mother's Day to ALL women, because EVERY woman is SPECIAL and has made an impact on others in some way in her beautiful life..."
"It doesn't feel the same right now"
"I want some company"
"Thankyou so much and and we too know that G OD has great things planned for him.He has inpacted more livesN 4years than most"
"You're not about that life"
"TONIGHT- Sol Caribe goes on from 7-11 pm at"
"email me duder"
"(1/2) These projects just reveal what’s already there—people full of hopes, fears, and stories...\""
"between you and I, we played some sick defense on me today."
"Thx to , & all who participated in today's #socmed sessions w/ & me for ! Good conversation."
"eat some now, sleep, then eat again."
"a huge thank you to we had a great weekend of fire breathing fun. Looking forward to being vendors next year."
"#askObama Ans 14: Privatization of schools? Every pubic investment pays off multi-fold. Need to get priorities straight."
"bitch crazy"
": Actually i didn't !"
"HAY YEW GUISE-ALEXIS"
"and I #YOLO 'd at draw my thing today"
"I don't think I feel like school tomorrow"
"Stayin positive attracting good things"
"Just showed my wife your videos, she kept saying SAVE THOSE. Love it!! Nice work B"
"MT : I've received no shit from peers about my work on Dinosaur Train, though I've no idea what's said when I'm not there!"
"hm, that's a tough one, would prolley just run all over the place, maybe a franks and beans stuffing?"
"hahaha I'll text you one!"
"If I don't say this now, I will surely break as I'm leaving the one I want to take ~"
"RT \"you're a tall, brown, loud filipino. you stand out.\" …my best friend is a racist. i knew it."
"Considering fetching my second G&M crabcake from the fridge. I always feel I'm cheating when not with Boston Royalty."
"You sure did, cause I sure do! ;) I have 2, a daughter & a son."
"Just asked Gabe if he has buttsex with his boyfriend! Lmao."
"Effin' #Glee is hysterical tonight!!"
"Terrific! I thought the session included some interesting visuals, definitions, and approached to student assessment"
"Who do you like more this weekend at TE - Pettigrew, Keller or Finley (if he plays?). Thanks for your help!"
"Acting like a baby is supposed to be a sexy role-play!? That's just dumb \"oh there's nothing better than changing shitty diapers!\" bahaha"
"And celebs with questionable fame (like Amber Rose) still keep trying to sing or act, proving to all there's nothing they CAN do."
"Probably because the Tigers already had one of the best, if not the best offensive first basemen in the league."
"Hahahahah sorry! You're not dumb, they probably hang out all the time! c;"
"That looks so good!"
"Our tutors are available for in-home tutoring throughout the Atlanta area, including Auburn, Granite Bay, El Dorado Hills, Shingle..."
"Going to read some Psalms and start reading the #Gospel of #Matthew. Watched #Sevin's #Testimony. Now I'm excited to get deep In the #Word🙏"
"Thank God I can see the faces and smiles of all my FRIENDS who have past away."
"My grandfather was a gravedigger"
"Men dont chase women on a moving train while dressed as a sailor anymore."
"Texas iss hot but I'm having fun :) def miss my friends/family too"
"License plate spotting: \"Guns don't kill people...people with mustaches kill people\""
"Stupid nigger ass bitch"
"And the Bucs were doing so well a little while ago...Ah well. Rooting for the Underdogs is kinda fun, and that, dear folks, is what we are."
"Recent Followers, thank you!"
"I never get mad at bitter people because they end up losers in life so I just sit back and laugh."
"Is there a full moon tonight? All the loonies were out on the subway today."
"What's it going to be, are you willingly walking away from this?"
"Crazy guy with the ENDisNEAR sign? Turns out he was right."
"No, he's not dead. Can't be. He hit him with a stick."
"Yeah i need to go because soon we have the awesome on stickam *-*"
"tweet me is you wanna be in it :) chris is taken though :)"
"You headed home for your almost-birthday? ps. Most american riflemen are more suduko people, in my experience"
"I know. Looked for you. :("
"bc I'm an angel :)"
"Awesome! Best of luck to you too =)"
"Taylor Mak es Us Fearless <3 Always has and always will :D <3"
"more like in my tub xD"
"We have a few spots left for the Nov 18 Beer Olympics. Awesome prizes. Grab 4 friends and sign up!"
"Looks like 's brilliant strategy of combing porn stars and terrell suggs has"
"Finally picked up a copy of OPEN CITY by Teju Cole so I can further enjoy #Tob12. Have u read it, ?"
"So I just watched like, 7 of your videos in a row and basked in your amazing accent, and you seem really awesome and stuff."
"Barr-owed time art by my friend Judy Nielson"
"Aw how cool i bet your so Happy right now!!! :)"
"ta ai?"
"They told me never fall in love, It never works out in your favor. You way too young and right now that's just human nature."
"There's always #time to #right a #wrong. In the meantime allow your life to just...happen :)"
"ADL Center Instant Chat tonight @ 9pm. Visit www.myadlcenter.org and share advice, resources, support and giggles about life on the spectrum"
"Misspoke. I taped it off IFC, & it must be less edited than the previous versions I've seen. Certainly more blood flying."
"Rigby's already snoring. We're all tuckered out."
"It's official the whole crew will be attending ! are excited for"
"Time to teach spin! What is your Tuesday workout routine?"
"you better feel my anger...yo behind was going to leave me without a goodbye or nothing hmf!"
"Holy cats and dogs. And I biked to work today."
"You're not Harry, Liam, Louis, Niall or Zayn"
"Yep & there are idiot fans and bandwagon people who hopped on in each fan base. They cancel each other out."
"Don't focus on your book. Focus on how YOU can help them create useful and entertaining stories for their readers"
"STOP This SOPA and PIPA bills!! We would all be in so much trouble if it passed."
"/// Yea I got it. I forwarded it over to the IO65 CEO's..."
"Reviewing : this is THE analytical tool for all of you aspiring ecommerce marketers."
"Uh its only Tuesday? Friday, plz come faster?"
"Nov 12 is the official Grand Opening, so save the date :-)"
": and that is an important lesson! (were authors usually constructive, or comfortable trolling students as professionals?)"
"It feels like I'm just losing everyone I love. I hate this. A lot."
"How did this spam know I liked ligers?"
"you sure? do you have a celeb look alike?"
"the real question is, was Nelly there?"
"Lets go LAKERS we got the second half now."
"Unfortunately I will be traveling, but come by #Rouge, #Zuri, or #WestWing at #MGMGrand for my concoctions!"
"make your reservation for Easter Brunch Our full brunch offered plus homemade quiche and a plated ham dinner with scalloped spuds"
"she can love you good but i can love you better."
"Hello Colleagues of education, school will be starting 8/15/11 in Ohio. I am 2 ready to return. Whoppee!!!! C U soon kids!!"
"You guys ok from Irene?"
"But I was so sleepy, it was a good nap bahaha c:"
"Writing essays in Spanish will be the death of me."
"As if any person i involved myself with was better."
"New Latest & Greatest sweepers just got added!"
"RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 0"
"YES. I've learned to specifically ask about chicken stock, bacon grease, etc. I don't get what is so hard to understand!"
"Got a raise yesterday."
"Wow thanks for taking care of me while I'm sick,ily to :'( I always take care of u while ur sick who will take care of me? When's my turn?"
"You are in for a treat. Samoa's or whatever they are called are my FAV!"
"mcdonald's hot fudge sundae with nuts. Unapologetic about how good it is."
"it's whatever bro"
"OMG. I had a crash during the Microsoft Security Tuesday patches and now I'm getting the black screen of death with wiggly cursor constantly"
"There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something. Henry Ford -"
"#sonic absolutely rocks"
"I just want everything to be okay"
"Coyotes need to step up with some physical hits, and a goal or 3."
"Takes more time to be selective, but also builds trust, or at least doesn't damage trust if you do."
"The Sam Riggs Band and Chicago go together like peanut butter and jelly! :)"
"#repogames is an awesome show"
"RT : Chargers officially retire No. 55"
"Just went to my sister's soccer game. She won 9-5. she scored 1 goal."
"sadly I'll have to go to bed as well since I have a big test tomorrow for 4 hours :/"
"RT : Oh, you just graduated? Can I get an Number 1 with extra pickles and no mustard?"
"Thanks for the RT!"
"awesome.... thanks!"
"well im not a hater i love you n yer music :D heehee gud luck wit yer anger management :D"
"see you in Sheffield! \m/"
"It's So cold out."
"i can't look at you anymore"
"Bitch stop shooting the breeze and come into the operation room. I can hear you and I just wanna get this over with."
"Agreed... almost everyone at the offices uses them as well."
"I'm bored"
"fuck yea dragonball z kicks ass they better be rocking the dragon lol"
"haha I saw it and had to take a picture lol"
"GBIF using Sqoop, Hadoop; alas, no word on hula hoops."
"Good luck in court today, ya filthy animal <3"
"go get em Favre! I wanted either Romo or you. Now that you wiped Dallas it's time to clean house!"
"I too am glad to see them out enjoying Paris but holy fuck too many papz waiting #jerkoffs #ParisLovesRobsten lol"
"- Yo Tony! Thanks, man! I look forward to making more cool stuff with you."
"glad to have our biggest fan following us!"
"The only way I could be more excited for my sister & her kids to visit (they arrive tonight!) is if my house were already clean & ready."
"My phone is on random song selection but keeps picking Wayne songs......i immediately took it of random and started picking my own songs"
"I'm not reminding you of the time change. Be late! It ain't my job to keep you on time. Besides, you been told a million times."
"Very cool, Vijay."
"you girls rock!!!"
"RT : if you surround yourself with positive people, positive things will happen."
"And like a flood, His mercy reigns."
"I haven't noticed an odd gait, diet is questionable (chicken. bananas and milk ), she doesn't have feeding goals though."
"haha dude i wonder if tht warrior kid in the green cape did tonight. He was prolly fuckin all the bitches"
"good luck"
"New follower :D"
"I'm such a terrible student. I feel sorry for my teachers"
"you serious???? Fuck!!!"
"I was calling Mike's phone for 40 minutes straight."
"Drive by death threats, with"
"Anybody who had ever read the book new they were composite characters because its stated upfront."
"I like what you are doing for downtown asu. How about a follow in case someone needs a locksmith."
"Seeing lots of salmon-colored shorts and pants lately. Salmon-colored pants seem to have migrated back from the ‘80s and spawned in 2012."
"You Should Check Me Out Sometime.. I Play Guitar, And I Write Raps, and All The Lyrics Are Meaningful And People Love Them"
"Good question. RT : How close to do the Steelers have to get before they trust Suisham?"
"To clarify: The new 52 version of Stormwatch has thus far been about the queer courtship of Apollo & Midnighter w/ some monsters&exposition"
"One would think Weeks could at least make contact with an off speed pitch by now."
"Hey Try Their marketing chief is awesome. And their FB page is nifty."
"Can we all agree that bjork isn't creative, she's just crazy?"
"With ea 4-5 star rating for SKID OUT, I feel a little more anxious about - its release will be here b4 I know it. *faints*"
"I've been buying, or at least browsing, Mr. Mysak's books for years. Your story was really poignant."
"had a great time hanging out with Mrs. Alan Lee this afternoon at MGM Grand."
". PLZ RELOCATE OUR CONVENTION"
"Thank You So Much Love<3 And When The yAre On the Showe We Know We Made It Possible<3"
"Saying hi for WI from DC. Let me know when you land on the ground in our fair state."
"Not jealous. Betrayed."
"thanks for the support! “: If you like music you definitely need to check out They're good!”"
"If a gay tree in a forest falls, does it make a gasp?"
"Sorry for the late reply, haha. Nothing much. I've just been extremely busy with school. and yourself? Hope all is well. :D"
"The spanish broads love me like im aventura!"
"little late on that one"
"No freaking way...Wilson better not die on"
"Huh, weird. Because I liked the Evil Dead, Fargo and A Clockwork Orange, Netflix recommends the Kids in the Hall. Chicken Lady Venn diagram?"
"Finals start next Wednesday"
"i smell good :) LOL."
"PowerPoint unexpectedly crashing and failing to recover all of my work makes me twitch. On the upside, it did recover most of it."
"ha!! No way"
"I'm a vodka girl."
"I'm tired of these hoes that think they want something special but flippin they pussy at the same time."
"Watching #OnceUponATime on ABC. I love how these fairy tales are getting interwoven into a single \"universe\"."
"At least with the shooting we lost some background characters, today we lost LEXI. This isn't fair."
"Go away retard...The short bus is honking for you."
"Web 2.0 Michael Rubin GSI Commerce 75% of major retailer CEO's did not know what amazon prime was 2 yrs ago"
"Of course! We found the article very helpful. We look forward to the third part of the series. Thx for the RT!"
"Shout me out# [:"
"omg I'm going to miss the seniors >_>"
"is she pretty girl wasted?"
"ha - true."
"Thx It was a good recovery run after Urban Cow this Sunday. RT : Welcome back! Hope you're having a great workout!"
"Great time today w/ ! Thanks for having lunch with us today!"
"Will be in Salt lake Utah this week. Work work work and no time to play :("
"Her friend delores gets on my nerves everyday!"
"Everyone is talking @ the movie, Horrible Bossess. I have to ask, do you think men or women make better bosses? (I'm afraind to find out!)"
"help me overcome Animal Crackers- LOL!"
"yes gurl yes"
"I couldn't get into the link you sent me. So I guess all's well. Love your work!!"
"do you have the book?? 😱 if so can I borrow it?!!"
"I'm so exhausted."
"Of course I will, Meg! Can't wait for opening day, it's gonna be a great season!"
"Pukka's love tea..rose, chamomile,lavender.yum"
"haha thanks, I think?"
"Thank you so much! I look forward to reading it :-)"
"same here - my Mum is visiting this weekend, house is a mess, & I have a blog post to finish. Think a beer will get me motivated?"
"laughing so hard that, no noise is coming out, so you sit there clapping like a retarded seal."
"What is good out there on friday morning???"
"Like david & goliath I conquered the giant"
"RT : Get #IntelIT Senior Integration ERP Architect Gerry Seaman's white paper \"Migrating Mission Critical to IA\"..."
"Saw many of my middle school library friends today, including 's Noah! Signed him up for Summer Reading Club. :)"
"RT Ilitch: Giving back is the 6th core value, no matter your success, give back civically to your local community"
"I'm sorry!!"
"Empowered, happy, grateful. World, I'm ready. Are you ready for me?"
"I think I tweet about the temperature of my bum too frequently."
"Happy Pi Day for all of us math lovers. #imanerd "
"Twitter is so f'ing strange on my computer!"
"Tea, popcorn with Parmesan, and the notebook❤"
"greatest love of all! I'm a sap for a great ballad"
"Thanks for the follow your Big Fat Lies Women Tell Themselves was life changing!"
"only had time to watch gray's last night. Anyone catch private practice? was it worth it? i was starting to lose interest last year."
"Truth about Roni?"
"thanks! ;) have a nice weekend you too! :D"
"thanks - and yes anyone 30 minutes quicker than me deserves a follow."
"The phones are ringin' My mom and dad are so proud I'm on bandstand. RIP Dick Clark"
"ours too! And our new summer menu debuts next Tuesday!"
"just throw my bracket in the damn garbage!"
"Prof says his dog looks more majestic in photos than he actually is...I feel bad for the dog ."
"2 shots each? I may be glad I can't watch. One goal may end this thing."
"My dogs are literally fighting over a pillow.. hahah."
"If you ordered \"causes\" shirts, stop by the church office tomorrow to pick them up, or you can get them Sunday."
". knows how to pack a hookah."
"Nice! Looks like a real cool location. Hope shooting goes well!!"
"laundry? It's under the bus, it will be washed when we get back to Nashville early in the morning"
"Stave completes the pass to Duckworth, 1st and Goal for the Cardinal."
"Really? LOL. I am looking for a pic of me throwing up the rock sign or something, they will love that!"
"Let's make a movie about #marypoppins and #Bert's secret love affair..."
"All showered and clean, but oh for a pair of pants!"
"\"Who are we playing today?\" #Pistons \"What's their record?\" Terrible. \"Perfect. That's reflective of my mood.\" Don't eff w/ C today."
"Not so much enjoying the fact that i have a job right now."
"Interior Designers: San Francisco Design Center and ASID's Design Resource Day is tomorrow, Wed, June 8th, 11am—5:30pm...FREE, please come!"
"7 weeks 'til summer vacation!!! :) and I'll be a senior!!! Whoop!"
"The S&P 500 is at the same levels as 1998, which means 13 years of people's hard work have created nothing but Goldman Sachs profits."
"Can finally wear contacts again! I will never again take healthy eyes for granted."
"Uhh just found out my gym isn't charging for #TRX anymore....sick!!"
"Thanks! (Will you be there this year?)"
"For Design & International recruitment in the games industry contact .uk or .uk"
"the small things are the important ones"
"Happy thanlsgiving to all, may you spend it with family"
"I can't be friends with anyone who can't take my constructive criticism and I cant have folks around me who does not give it back to me."
"lol im the one u couldnt pronounce my name Rosalys aka Rose :p"
"True. But most ppl see \"history\" as fundamentally disconnected from the present anyway, so not sure how much of a diff it makes"
"9 US States considering OK for right to carry concealed hand guns on campus... So many legitimate concerns. More Guns more accidents???"
"Never Forget 09.11.2001!!! To all who lost loved ones, and to those who were and still are heroes!!! :)"
"I never wanted to be the \"Donna\" from 90210 in high school."
"hi guys i'm doing a webshow! - lauren"
"This new piece \"Why men like boats may interest you\""
"my dream conference's theme would be \"STEP UP\"--how to make impact & take charge. allow people to own their strength & take action"
"idk I feel like wearing that one to Catherine's birthday"
"Good things come to people who work their asses off and never give up."
"Yay new job and new phone case"
"I'm much like a college chick. The 1st time we met, you ignored me. I became obsessed w/ making you like me."
"I believe the hype now that final four court is beautiful"
"Yes, Citizenship before Partisanship, Country first before Party. More power to Mr. Howard Schultz."
"but it's worth the money!!!"
"Gay marriage is okay now, so is gay graduations"
"Shastic.com allows #performers to build their #portfolio in a flashy kind of way that promises to make MySpace and ReverbNation jealous."
"Get ready for \"battaglia italiana\" at #tasting the town on 9/23 @ the Humble Civic Ctr. Top italian restaurants go head to head!"
"Talk less & listen more"
"we hope he continues to!"
"Reading a '54 cookbook-commentary on life could have been written for today. A chaotic life with too much news and too little time."
"My #1 fashion icon. RT : Happy birthday to Audrey Hepburn..."
"Sitting with #Saylor White, #Tom Tranchilla, and #Jim Kam working on website stuff. Life is good."
"Soul Swagger Entertainment * Marketing Music Worldwide. How that Sound?"
"Much appreciated, you too! Will do - thanks again so much for the plug!"
"Hey, great! It'll be great to see you."
"I'm gonna guess that Chuck Long is probably not the correct answer?"
"looking forward to Colorado in the morning!"
"- Goodluck ((: Keep Us Posted With It :D"
"Blood Orange san pellegrino is my new favorite drink."
"Now accepting beta clients for Version .1 Release of our ProdigyApps. 50% off of our normal price with a nominal monthly fee. tweet us!"
"His head looks freakishly large in that photo. Wait, what?"
"Now using twhirl for mac for tweets - any comments on this twitter client?"
"lol so the kid who likes my 22 year old sis he's 11 he was chasing around a remote control car thinking it was moving on its own lol"
"Congrats to one of our founders Matt and his beautiful bride Naomi! They got hitched this weekend :)"
"Getting schooled on Etta James right now by my Uncle. Now playing Come A Little Closer album circa 1974."
"I have so much to be thankful for this Thanksgiving! I am so full of gratitude. My wish for you all is warm hearts and full bellies! ♥"
"{Italian} Dining Etiquette « msmehuljain"
"Hey your website has season 4 of Breaking Bad, season 2 of Louie, and season 2 of Workaholics on there for a while. WHERE ARE THEY?"
"You are familiar with the Hemingway original 6 word story, right?"
"If you have no money and you want a usa visa there areno questions asked. But to more you got the more you have to prove?!"
"Bruh he keep askin. I'm trying to be polite and not block. Let Yaya be great lmao"
"Do you think the students really care about class basketball? I think the adults care more."
"your welcome! :)"
"GF friends at FF show in DC, stop by Iron Chef booth. Taste Thai Sweet Pepper & Hickory BBQ sauces (ask for a sample from the bottle)"
"What did he say?"
"PBTC's \"Pay What You Can\" night is tonight! If you've been yearning for some culture but are short on cash, see our one-act plays! :)"
"Congrats on the deal, great add for"
"I hate people that have no business even speaking about basketball try and critique and his play. Sit down and let the man ball."
"Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most"
"I think I'm gonna get back into twitter more."
"Intimidation factor increased tenfold whilst sporting a peg leg."
"“: Hey Andi do you do write ups on artist?” sometimes"
"Because the players were worse. Remember Hawpe, Cantu, Patterson and Johnson? And who can forget Alberto Gonzales?"
"I get to have pad thai for lunch today! I'm so essited!"
"No one ever really wants my help, but you can surely have it anytime you need it. Because that's how i do things."
"I'm gonna finish my work &&' try getting an A up in this class ^_^"
"Somebody came in ÜBER focused!"
"Huge win in Ram Dome last night pushes #13 Rams to 18-4 on the season."
"White people watch movies with their eyes, while black people watch movies with their eyes."
"Ah gym kicked my ass!"
"Cinema4D Real good program I'd reccomend it"
"oh my gosh. I love Key of Awesome. :D"
"How are you having a positive influence in the workplace today?"
"is homeschool an option anymore"
"Smith says first contact with Urban Meyer was on Sunday, Nov. 20."
"Someone tweet me"
"Happy Monday!! What dance did you see and/or do this past weekend? Did you take a class, rehearse, perform, see a show? Let us know :-)"
"Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you."
"Feeling good and living better!"
"sounds cool :D lol did you learn it already?"
"It bothers me when there is stuff in my Macbook trash bin."
"Thanks for the shootout!"
"Looking at old photos and seeing how ridiculous you looked thinking... *Why the Fu*k was I let out of the house*!!?"
"that is a good accomplishment! If you were in Dallas I'd take you out for coffee to celebrate!"
"That because the democrats hate america"
"Upside abt coming home: I can finally watch last week's ep of \"The Vampire Diaries.\" Downside: it's the last new ep til 2012. Blargh."
"This night officially suck butt! No plans at all and no one is texting back.... Blah!"
"I heard abiden and Clinton could switch places in case Farrakhan crazy azz right re assazz"
"Welcome to the #BBN You'll have the support of the best fanbase ever! You'll love it here!"
"Good i guess"
"Barry bonds, ken Griffey jr and hank aaron"
"Is this training for the Amazing Race?"
"damn...i can not believe he just did that....-_-"
"Add me on facebook"
"I go to extreme lengths for the ones I love!"
"What do you know about \"Digital Empowerment\"? bit.ly/9pVIUK"
"I'm only watching 106 & Park to see"
"HE'S the creeper. not me!"
"Just walked the Buffalo Bayou trail with the family, it's really nice out there today."
"They stole one in the 2nd. “: With the 35th pick of the 2012 NFL Draft the Ravens select Courtney Upshaw.Had they kept their.."
"Hey #sandiego #surfers, where can a noob get a cheap, decent wetsuit and surfboard? Recommendations? Help!"
"Orphans of the Storm animal rescue needing supplies. Collection @ Walmart, Gurnee,IL Sunday 5-9pm.To help visit orphansofthestorm.org"
"(I'll answer for Tia since she's barley on here :P) yea, not video though. it was a short call, but still! Pretty cool :D -izzy"
"The Dow Jones just closed at its highest point since May 2008. I am sure there are many people not happy about that"
"If I choose you over sleep, you better feel fucking special."
"Ok #scms12 twitter folk, we need some brave volunteers. As part of our online stuff we're posting video of members answering questions..."
"We have just lauched our new hotsite www.florensegreen.com"
"ADV ENG I: When reading Wuthering Heights try to construct family trees for the Earnshaws and Lintons."
"Staying focused avoiding distractions and unnecessary drama"
"I'm certain that I've given and oh how you can take there's no use in you looking there's nothing left for you to break"
"we don't have an app, but we have a mobile site."
"Aww they're crying :o shoot I feel like it to . . ."
"Haha. The elephant in her nursery is Hank."
"asking his panelists to tell some \"dirty little secrets\" Don't you wish you were here to hear them at #lavacon?"
"Freedom the gym temp is warm."
"Come in and check out our Gluten free food selection! Best peanut butter cookies in town;)"
"XMAS IN SPRING! The joy in watching Barcelona lose for the 3rd time! En casa cabron! AHAHAHA! Bandwagoner team down!"
"so cool! Congrats!!"
"I hope Highlights doesn't go the \"controversial attention-grabbing cover\" route..."
"*starts playing, \"A Moment Like This,\" by Kelly Clarkson.*"
"Don't follow me if your just gonna unfollow later."
"Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Reach Floss Holders and most oral care products."
"atta boy way to get the record."
"I was once addicted to FarmVille, sadly."
"I sent my solution to the Public Health Plan problem to Obama. Guess what? It'll work. It even supplies a way to pay for it. No new taxes."
"Est oakland gone wild. Lol"
"I think addictive personalities are a real thing....see my running/Widespread Panic complex for a classic example."
"Yeah, it's a good day for a day off. RT : I'm not a fan of the having an off day, but after yesterday my blood pressure is."
"Hope you guys had a great dinner...cheers!"
"will be happy to! Thanks Gina!"
"Old school Chiodos? Yes please."
"Don't want to talk about the game..."
"Getting final copies of our new music by the end of the week. Hopefully America can handle it."
"Simplicity is the key to brilliance. -Bruce Lee"
"When I become a zombie I want to eat everyone, then party."
"anybody have the payouts yet for UFC 97?"
"Ha!! My sista"
"What???? Today's Talker: Inhalable caffeine canister could be next rage. Would you give up coffee for this quick caffeine fix?"
"so should 46, 19, 17, according to most. Need more from everyone."
"EVERYBODY STOP BY MUSICcsGOSSIP.COM TODAY TO GET YOUR #GHETTOGOSPEL TODAY ALSO FOLLOW TO GET UPDATES"
"I wanna see my boyfriend >.< I miss his cute ass smile& when he makes me laugh."
"What do you mean by sleep? Get up! Get cracking!"
"At final dress for for John Musto's The Inspector. The orchestra is laughing already... It's going to be a funny show!"
"Today was officially my last day of high school 😊"
"Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think, & most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep."
"When people work, their wages aren't a gift, they're earned. But people are righteous not due to work, but due to faith in God. Romans 4:4-5"
"People hide behind layers of secrecy and humor bcz they're afraid people can see right through them."
"We all have to forgive sometimes"
"yeah exactly.... ok good I'm not the only one then..... but I have big faith in the writers and this show.... my God it's killing me"
"That's nice of you :)"
"lookin for a nice broom for tomorrow"
"Doing a booksigning today at the Barnes & Noble at the Arlington (Texas) Parks Mall from 1 to 3."
"Hahaha! You are specific on that huh? But I love him so much! Muscular is scary for me! LOL!"
"Called my mom last night 2 tell her, \"i'm so glad u r my Mama!\" Happy Mother's Day."
"cute! Good to see you together!"
"Sad news today. Our lead vocalist and friend, Fred, lost his mother, Virginia Valencia, this morning. Keep his family in your thoughts."
"All at once, everything is different now that I see you. -Tangled"
"Better - glow sticks and neon mood lighting"
"Thanks, friend!! xo"
"#ifiwereu i would think before i speak"
"awesome #mbta guy explaining smoke at dtwn xing: they're havin an impromptu barbecue at Chinatown! Just throw some pork on the 3rd rail..."
"Great article, thanks for passing it along! And to answer your questions: yes!"
"I've never gotten my very own mix CDs before. I'm so excited :)"
"bout party my ass off for new years fuck this shit iam takin no prisoners lol"
"yall better be ready"
"that wouldn't be nice considering I can show you the world... shining, shimmering, splendid, spectacular spectacular..."
"Easy reading is damn hard writing. — Nathaniel Hawthorne"
"West Potomac hires Jeremiah Davis, former Penn State defensive lineman ... - Washington Post"
"I kno just how u feel!"
"They r lookn for Friday Frm the Hump Day slot, of crse! LOL"
"I believe 4 and then they all share an open large space. The site exists at the elementary level"
"Is it one of the tracks you guys produced yourselves? It sounds amazing!"
"thanks girl:)"
"That's why good planning helps to make elusive dreams come true"
"Hey - You Are *Much Too Kind* ... If Anything, Being in the Same Tweet is *You* is Nuthin' But Gravy :)"
"sometimes parents don't know what they deserve because they never had what they deserved either."
"Amy Winehouse Dead. So sad. Such talent wasted to drugs."
"Lololol, the couch doesn't fit around the corner.."
"What is the woman that got 4-men in a very small room and they seem to only notice her ?? No fights No Hating!!! 1 want -- HER!!! Choose ME!"
"go get it!!"
"sprinkles please"
"looking forward to partying with You!"
"Let's go Butler!!!"
"lol thanks :p I took an Advil I'm probably over reacting allergies cause idk what they feel like."
"Please try out my new Chicago-based app, Cash back rewards & donations to charity on every swipe! No coupons, printouts or cards!"
"Hey #Jetsfans - are ya happy about Tebow coming to the team? I have my reservations personally (and I am a #Giants fan)"
"I need a vcr."
"or if they picked him up AND THEN retaliated while he was pitching"
"yes Indiddle de diddle de diddle de de!"
"I did. My mistake. I'm mostly a FB guy. You have been followed. :)"
"That was a well done movie. Jesus Shuttlesworth"
"Top recs: Artemis Fowl, Origami Yoda, Howl's Moving Castle."
"LET ME GET MY DULESSSS!!! :P"
"yeah:(.... and i dont think you tell what wrong Kat you know im here for you."
"Is to feel death’s embrace. -"
"got some saddle analysis #tech that might tickle your fancy. I will be booth tomorrow. Come visit to see live demo"
"no one bother texting me.phones cut off."
"you are too kind"
"go Detroit tigers"
"“Sunny days, party nights, hot guys water fights, pretty hair, tanned skin schools out summers in ♥”"
"And they were not close enough."
"ik did u listen"
"How long does a harp stay in tune? About twenty minutes, or until someone opens the door."
"u like the cottagecheese, im craving"
"Robertson needs to load his old ass up and visit those folks. Just might change his mind."
"sorry jeff 143"
"you can't use both."
"I'm so ready for the next big step."
"Looking fwd 2 it RT : \"People want to engage in community but struggle w where,” says provides an opp"
"Alright alright, for real though... I need to eat better. -.- No more ramen."
"I thoroughly enjoyed reading Mr. Holmes' recent memoir of your early acquaintance and eagerly anticipate PIRA!"
"i love mac miller <3"
"miller park"
"careful, fangirling-while-driving sounds dangerous!"
"Welcome to Twitter - the working home of friends and"
"that the Obama administration failed miserably"
"at GC. my second favorite bass"
"I was just told \"it went to pooparoo.\" honestly have you ever heard some say pooparoo before? It's hysterical."
"thanks! Sad to leave, but this is going to be a blast. We have got to keep in touch for sure!"
"Ausa I'm coming for you!"
"This place is hell. I don't want to sell cell phones anymore. Need a change!"
"He ban me to touch my cellphone cause I've got bad mark and he hold my phone :((("
"What an amazing day in NY!"
"Thanks for making this a great day! RT : A fun day working with Loveland teachers on using Google Docs in the classroom!"
"Finishing a book is always a little sad. It's odd all of a sudden not to have anymore time w/ the vivid world you just spent so much time in"
"#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Nightmare on Elm Street"
"Your screenplay must meet your needs. Hire OneMonthScreenplay to get a great script written around your needs AND a rewrite from your notes."
"if its snows as much as they're expecting..and I don't get to see my bf for the first time in a week, heads. will. roll."
"same ole same. Out here acting a fool lol"
"LOVE your dance moves during the break ;)"
"Indeed a best one. RT : Yes! Fine advice -- Salter's A SPORT AND A PASTIME is one of the great erotic novels and much else."
"Thanks for the follow"
"Thank you so much for coming out to our event! It meant a lot to us."
"Things I never expected to need a bookmark of: the Orioles' home game schedule. Protip: don't work next to baseball stadiums."
"Healthcare-The Medicare Advantage Program was the test for socialized healthcare that failed! Stop Gov Reform Now www.theprofittrap.com"
"I know what grade im in i just dk if I told yuh"
"Happy 93rd birthday to the great American musical icon Pete Seeger. Like Louis Armstrong, contemporary music wouldn't be the same w/o him."
"3 down, 3 to go! group project, exam, and two papers left."
"Even the good ones are bad.... Lol Smh!"
"Yeah what you on?"
"I hadn't thought of that angle. If only I could just say \"Avada kedavra!\" and GO."
"RT Tweet now if you the baddest bitch In your crew,or think you are!! I know I am!!!!!!!!!!"
"Oh, I See you like Roc. *your username* XD"
"is too fucking funny!!!"
"haha you won't even know it's coming!"
"Sometimes I feel I just need to go far, far away."
"it's tomorrow on the HCC sw campus (:"
"You are!! You're ugly and that's true"
"Now it's officially spring- O's banners up around the inner harbor!"
"Too cool. Congrats!"
"Ha Chill Out Rick Ross"
"Everyone be safe out there!!! Nasty weather. :("
"also they make us play with $10 and $100 chips because all the $5 chips being used in other games"
"Take risks u can afford. Never jump all the way out there (that's my advice for today)"
"Well they are all important but authenticity is what allows me to live free. Hawaii for 2 weeks in June!!!! miss Eleuthera :("
"yeah we do gotta do ah track"
"sick!! Just finished listening to the decline. Booyaa!"
"... why the hell do i have a twitter -___-"
"Did you see JCVD? It's ever so delightful."
"In Monrovia staying close to home and avoiding traffic"
"INT Willie McGinest! haha. Brandon Spikes!"
"Launched a firework two in Irvington for that much needed Pacers win. Granger is still my boy. Indiana Let's show NBA how hoosiers bring it."
"inserts at plant today. inching towards tirra lirra release date"
"Oh that was so much fun that night!!!"
"Missed #DWTS yesterday so trying 2 catch-up on my laptop from player. Picture herky-jerky & can't escape the commercials. Annoying."
"I hate for some one to think they got you"
"All Thanksgiving day, Just begging for attention, Lone red mailbox flag."
"Testing out new phone tweets"
"#UbaldoJimenez is gone for the #Indians and he left #RedSox on the corners. Still 1 out and they're down 6-1 in the 5th."
"Do u people relize when they look orange?"
"\"Darling\" with Julie & Dirk, now \"Pumpkin Eater\" with everyone. I heart #TCM!"
"will be at Rainbow Fest. Hope 2 C U there! RT : have Saboten-con to attend, Rainbow festival ..."
"babe, why'd you hang up? :'("
"?? Confused to how you got out the kitchen 0.o"
"You Going Thru Trials & Tribulations, We Smilin While Packing,For Out Of The States Vacations"
"I'm bakkk unfortunately"
"New articles up!!! Get them while they are hot!"
"i'd rather be single then."
"A little Laviolette-Granato action at City versus United. #Penguins Argument over yellow cards."
"no love for a nigga :'("
"I used to be able to get a boner!"
"Thanks for the mention! Will be creating a CC Case Study for THEY CALL US /ANIMALS/ on your Wiki."
"No Oscars for you?!?"
"RT : Six hours ago, there were 4,728 perfect brackets on #TournamentChallenge. Now? Zip. Zero. Nada. NONE."
"Nice and cool... 8-)"
"can i just step out of the room when the class has to watch this stupid video tomorrow?"
"Soup du jour: Cheeseburger Stew! Great for those who love our burgers but dont have teeth."
"Success Comes Before Work Only In The Dictionary. Do you agree?"
"great baby sat a cutie"
"LOL, I've posted that to Facebook before, love it!"
"u so have 2 dm me some"
"#realshit . I'll get over it ."
"\": i'm not with this katy perry weather, it's hot then it's cold.\" Ba-dum-pss"
"she is the sweetest! I'll get to be on board with her for a week. I'm so excited! Where are you going this time? And how long?"
"appeared the same night posters and chalk sprays were placed all over boston so it would be unlikely it wasn't some volunteer."
"Morning folks..."
"My girlfriend is the best at giving full body massages :D."
"\": Invite only boys showcase set for May 19, 2012 at Durango High School. Come see some of Nevada's top prospects compete\""
"Still need/want a Red Bull....and chocolate. Approaching hour 6 of this take-home exam..."
"you know what today is? #sexymonday !(;"
"Jake, nothing is fun without you. Duh."
"it happens all the time :)"
"In 1983, I played \"Cooky Puss\" on my shitty college radio station so often that the program director ordered me to stop."
"\"After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as wanting. It is not logical, but it is often true.\""
"RT : In Las Vegas at #aicpa_taxstrat conference using app developed by from Portland, OR. Pretty cool!!"
"Professional soccer team staying at our hotel. #ohhi ⚽"
"Great concert! Heading back to Knoxville. killed it yet again!"
"All great things are simple, and many can be expressed in single words: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope."
"Hey , not saying every check-in did at #OrphonicMultimedia was fair, but I've never met you. Stop cheating!"
"Awesome chicken burrito bowl (@ chipotle)"
"Looking 4 a job outside of the E TN area...any suggestions???"
"this was after trying to tell him a couple other things that were actually worthwhile"
"A BIG #SUMO shout out to all you HARD WORKERS!! Keep doing what you're doing! It pays off..."
"To make go to sleep he needs lots of beer, and jack in the box tacos....LOTS"
"I promise i'll get some soon! Just to make you happy."
"Freshman year, the last person I said \"see ya later\" to was my best bro only fitting that happened again senior year."
"Congratulations to the first Anthony Shadid Journalism of Ethics Award given to Steven T. Lovejoy."
"Another beautiful day wasted at work :'( Catch me laterr."
"Longest set of updates ever. Still waiting for my computer to power up."
"Two growlers from Turtle Mountain Brewery. Gonna be a good weekend."
"We Buy Ugly Houses Declares Vacant Homes Detrimental Unoccupied homes cause major issues for everyone in the neighborhood. Dallas, Texas"
"RESPECT MEH &&ND WHATS MiNE OR THAT'S YO ASS!..POiNT BLANK PERiOD..."
"Your boy, Steve Blake (via ) $16M over 4yrs from the Lakers?!?!?!?! Defend that."
"Smoking mirrors can speak lies when you stare at them"
"It's easy for me, I operate as independent contractor, so all expenses are direct to my taxes. No one to answer to"
"Never leave your animals alone in a parked vehicle! Your pet could have a heatstroke in as little as 15 minutes."
"your gonna be extremely bored, it's a long trip"
"Cool! I have a bunch! Well i am going out to dinner with my best friends family! I promise I will tweet you when i get back"
"Dear , please forgive me.... Drawing a tweed jacket at #drawsomething was harder than I thought it would be, I cheated"
"phone is still busted! Should get a new one by tomorrow hopefully! Then I'll be back here"
"I'm proud to support my alma mater for this years Race for A Cure Against Breast Cancer on Sat. May 21st at Comerica Park"
"I might have dipped out of work a bit early. Don't let the boss man know."
"Notorious Spinks ... aunt. blogger. grad student... and so much other stuff. LOL!"
"Follow - Amazing Project by / Are you Weird? Check it out and see for Yourself:)"
"you are so perfect I just want to cry"
";-) LOL!! The \"getting to know you and your sign\" prt of d prty! When \"home #'s\" were xchnged...later \"pager #'s with codes\".."
"Get the FUCK out of here MIAMI getting all these FUCKING CALLS this shit is pissin me off!"
"Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. ~~ Alfred Montapert"
"On the real, I just felt a huge Déjà vu moment. I think we've spoken about this before."
"All I have to say is World Champions Bitches!!!!!!!"
"Heading to Big D to see the HOGS own ksu!!"
"I said it before, I'll say it again. No one in the league can stop Westbrook. But he's self-destructive. Just wait."
"hahaa I thought so.."
"Nader Qaimari from Cengage: ebooks aren't cutting it, digital content solutions are too disparate"
"We cannot control the evil tongues of others; but a good life enables us to disregard them."
"haha I got you!"
"I'm in a good mood and I'm not letting nobody ruin that."
"Scams are scams, no matter the medium."
"Thanks for the follow! Hope you're ready to save when you get to Tally"
"Tomorrow's plan: edit paper and outline another."
"me and raque will be there tonight working on our group project"
"what's your email address"
"*proceeds to raise both hands in the air and wave them frantically* me please!"
"It doesnt surprise me that my ex doesnt talk to me anymore, all i ask of him is to stop friggin staring at me, wtf?! You have a friggin gf!"
"bahahahahaha!! That shit will embarrass you!"
"Hi Dan, you heavily influence me! So far, it looks like I will not be in Boston, but will be closely following #e2conf remotely"
"got hit on by an 8th grader exactly 22 times with the cheesiest pickup lines."
"Any idea when we can expect Sucaba in Chicago? Looking forward to this year's batch."
"Audacious Idea from Barbara Samuels of : If kids count, why not get them out of harm’s way?"
"nice voice sweetheart we should work together."
"You easily forget, so you have to try hard to remember."
"Enjoying the Nat'l Action Awareness posts about boycotting Koch products. Already sadly have tham seered into my brain."
"Also, I need more opportunities in my life to use the phrase \"telegenic dons\""
"GL! You are awesome! :)"
"I quit talking to you because for not one second did you ever even act like you were gonna change. You will always be unfaithful."
"the fllor is covered w/ fuzz. the remnants of some wild #mascotmaking - a horse & a Kangaroo."
"thats one lucky guy"
"Jeff - Three Floyds is not distributed in MN. If they ever decide to distribute here, we would hope to have it."
"The school bus driver who had a heart attack on his route has died. The kids who tried to save his life must be crushed. What do you think?"
"RT : \"The current research represents the first demonstration of alcohol's effect on creative problem solving.\"..."
"Roseanne's new show is cancelled!!!! no i can't go back 2 reruns of her old show"
"I know that I love you & honestly, that's all that feels certain to me anymore. <3"
"Yes! Can't say the high school bullies I know have learned personal growth, awareness or compassion yet in our mid/late 30s!"
"good morning. live and love."
"hey killer"
"Can she cook?"
"i can try ?"
"Today marks my one year anniv' w/ Got to meet & more."
"Congratulations!! Much love to u! Can't wait for our mud run!"
"Spreadsheets fix ALL THE THINGS"
"yes. they always have a surplus at extended ST."
"Toxic Exposure to Ionizing Radiation or Agent Orange | ONS Connect"
"Obama.will not win"
"Lets do this! RT : Had so much fun at the Bootcamp Challenge I signed up for the next weekend. Should be fun!"
"sigueme x fa t.k.m."
"We've got some talent in our group and they designed some scarves that for the LadiesofSKC check out Facebook"
"Last day at Jubilee!"
"boo... client site, don't have much of a choice."
"Road trippin with my two favorite allies...let's go get lost right here in the USA...these smilin eyes r just a mirror for the sun :) - rhcp"
"Shut up."
"I don't want to go to school."
"Today's Annuls of EM - \"Bed rest of any duration after LP has not been shown to decrease the incidence of post-lumbar puncture HA\""
"Pretty Good. I mean the weather is great and people at school were asking about our album and tour today. It was fun."
"Don't blame me. RT WOW. : #Broncos inactives: Bailey, Dumervil, Lloyd, Moreno, D. Thomas, M. Thomas, Williams"
"where the hoes at"
"A4: Michael Fassbender is simply scrumptious so why not have something as decadent with him?"
"Aw, thanks! We're in good company. We'd recommend all of those, too."
"RT : New addition to overused political lexicon \"Everythings on the table\" Still #1 \"The reality is.\" #2 \"At the end of the day.\""
"Stripper booty with a rack like woww"
"Best thing about living in an apartment? I'm finally learning how to cook. Worst thing? I have to eat the food I make."
"Hey Im wondering if Katie Smith, N' Deanna Nolan, which use 2 play 4 the \"Detroit Shock\",, r they both still N' the WNBA??"
"What is your favorite COLOR!?"
"I do not have tattoos either. Now you know two. :)"
"Snowing like crazy tonight - is flying canceled tomorrow?"
"when you talk about style...what style icons local & international inspire you?"
"fill in blank and RT -- My favorite DPC pairing has been _______"
"Sometimes stepping outside your box doing something unusual will surprise you..Doing the same thing everyday is boring...Try something *NEW*"
"At an Elton John concert. 7ft Grand piano on stage should be awesome"
"Also, ask the candidates what they will do to end corporate and special interest lobbying in Congress."
"Appreciate the #follow!"
"me too, Matt kemp is going 0-3"
"This Bitch gone act like she never loved me, tf you was whooped Nigga"
"other things found while cleaning: an envelope of manuals for products i don't own anymore, love letters from three relationships ago, dust"
"my favorite movie ever! I wanna watch it right now! I cry the whole time and still pretend I'm her lol"
"what about em?"
"They about to get 100 before the end of the third"
"I seem supér gay but I'm actually just gay on occasions you can't tell."
"#TwSIG Twitter is community centric. Community is developing. Building community. Important part about being in real time helps."
"I totally get it. These ppl r a-holes but not stupid. Mags are filled with ads for diet pills 2. Distracts fr higher goals."
"you fat fuck"
"\"can i help u?\" says the doorman \"no, I'm good\" says I \"I meant what are u doing here?\" retorts the doorman. \"oh\" laughs I"
"CAN'T WAIT! SEE YOU THERE! “: looking forward to your reading this afternoon #HereCometheBrides”"
"JUST FINISHED EATING A LATE BREAKFAST FULL AS HELL"
"We're running through some client ideas with RG to get the VG seal of approval before presenting to clients :^)"
"I even work tomorrow night and early Sunday morning so I can't go out tomorrow. You got more beer for me? :)"
"Bitter Sweet emotions about Grubb & Ellis bankruptcy / sale to BGC Partners. I spent 4 years there and worked with some amazing people."
"Bioorganic test tomorrow"
"Have the love in your heart to donate a unwrapped toy to a child in need this year? Join our annual campaign to bring happiness to the..."
"At Yankees stadium about to give some s**t to any Tigers fans we spot up in here."
"nope I'm following both of them..silly me..omg! They didn't show up on my timeline. :-) I follow most of the guys."
"Should be fun...."
"Today we officially commenced operations in Argentina, which makes it our 52nd market & the 4th new market for the company in 2 years!"
"Linkedin evangelist-I have a some friends not in linkedin, I sent linkedin request. Linkedin will know to connect them to me years from now."
"FOLLOW ME !!!! SECOND DAY ON THE TWITTer"
"Wearing down...."
"Agreed! RT : Wow, really played a mellow mind-blower of a show tonight at Masters at work."
"Sweet Punks,you will stay engaged-nobody puts baby in a corner. Don't get cornered. Pause,Listen,Breathe,Go There as Proud Citizens B.Punk!"
"This is the end of you and me."
"I saw them at World Market (Cost Plus) too :)"
"We reduced shipping prices at our online merch store! Order now and we'll throw in a special little something! flighttoathena.bigcartel.com"
"Good morning Atlanta! Tell me, tweeps, what are your favorite places to eat & drink in this fine city?"
"Awww... Isn't the world so sweet"
"I wish I did!! it'd make life so much easier!"
"ow ow OW. I don't think my back was supposed to do that."
"We are attracted to the scent of people gentically different from us to avoid incest"
"haha nice now you can tell Benny says they used excessive force!"
"mikey WAS so cute wen he was little but now he is just plain SEXY ;)"
"were on skype(:"
": ... Insert angry gibberish here ..."
"Hate wha im turning into"
"last one, it was good considering this was an odd time for 's fans"
"Why in the he'll is tooth pain the worse kind of pain, been trying to avoid the f$& dentist, but I'm loosing the battle..."
"If its the last thing ill do from this day forward ill prove that to you I love you baby."
"I'm excited for everything that's in store for and their fans!"
"I really wanna see the devil inside"
"\"Super pumped\"? Is that Paris Hilton's new catch phrase?"
"RT CNN reports Japanese Gov't formally requests US help. You can help too: Text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10. Pls RT"
"There r sum stupid muphukazn the world"
"Y U NO work well with Safari?"
"I'd be very impressed if I met a nitrocellulose otaku (early plastic, notoriously flammable)."
"#Verizon, your bad idea commercial is a BLATANT rip off of SNL's bad idea jeans."
"Whole Foods would not last a year. Ask Yes Organic. Same store vol. lower total purchase sales than on the Hill."
"My arms feel like jello. I think it's time for bed my friends :) Goodnight!"
"you the best my nigga"
"Lyrics to live by!"
"btw digging the green today! Also loving the ladies' accessories this am. Cute necklace and earrings!"
"No one ever wants to share a urinal with me"
"OMG!!! You murder yesterday's song. This is Juliet's world awesome performance"
"It may be time to start car shopping soon. The hardest thing I'll ever have to do... :("
"I was earlier!! I think you should sing an adele song!"
"At the bash, tired of the street, stop by a Bayview classic, and have a slice of the best pizza in MKE. Classic Slice moves ya."
"20 days til I leave for Rome!"
"I know! It's Great, its been two years since Joe Jonas tweeted to me."
"What happens if you've had too much too drink and you see three of everything?/I'll make it work, aim for the middle keyboard!"
"“: If I only had to follow 1 person on here it would probably be #toofunny”<"
"Sorry, but KC only drafts from LSU."
"we should make it happen! but i have no car v.v"
"Agreed... RT : Hard for me to get my own work done when I have to constantly hold the hands of others."
"RT if penguin"
"Praying, praying, praying for Syd and baby Briar. Hoping for a very strong little girl."
"One more test left of my junior year."
"A wise old owl sat upon an oak The more he saw the less he spoke The less he spoke the more he heard Why aren't we like that wis"
"And he's a big baby!"
"Income, reinvest, breed. But their webpage needs work. How about.... \"invest in a real growth STOCK\" (as in cow) How about showing a map?"
"wow! That was crazy! Buzzer beater."
"Today better go fast."
"Endless reports of crashes, rollovers and ditched cars in southeast Aurora. Avoid Ponderosa Trail Drive. Take it slower, folks."
"I was at sonic today lol but I don't think you were there!"
"Hell > Spanish class"
"#FF David Garland () - the #1 non-boring business show! I LOVE his show."
"i knew u was gonna forget about a nigga"
"follow if you want funny! :D"
"You make the baby Allah cry."
"You're nothin but bum, ya bum!"
"I tried dressing up as a dyke for Julio. LMAO"
"alendaring, I prefer the Blackberry."
"ahh we're twins!! We have the same name! (: lol"
"You bet!"
"and thts an UNFORTUNATE side effect, everyone has to give a little to gain a little tho"
"I was waiting for you to wish me a Happy Birthday;("
"Madison lied about two things... 1) me and him are dating 2) I shower with him...he is not alone in the shower"
"Yeqh Hope They Repeat It && You Really Saw The"
"#20ThingsAboutMe I wish I was as confident as my bestfriend"
"Ok Florida. I see you."
"you might think im young but, i am a huge fan of you. i love you so much and it would mean the WORLD if you followed me!!please"
"Why does Va Tech always get love???"
"A Senegalese friend thanked me for my \"teranga\" Can't tell you how good it feels to have my hospitality recognized."
"Take this Pill, You’ll feel better!"
"Only a few more hours until my birthday"
"We have it! Stop on by when you are free!"
"Georgia to Wear Pink Football Uniforms This Fall - Team Speed Kills"
"It is now time for Friday Night #SmackDown!"
"God grant me the serenity 2 accpt my congestion, th courage 2 drink foul swill, & th wisdom to refrain from laughter thru the nose"
"Contrary to popular belief, taking your shirt off does not improve your shooting form on the basketball court."
"You are absolutely right. They partied"
"glad I'm not her neighbor.. I've seen it.. Its so horribly tacky.."
"“: Grab your roller skates, bike or walking shoes. The block party is at GGP for Sunday Streets - 11 am to 4 pm.” c u there!"
"I enjoy the taste, I don't think it does anything to my brain :-/"
"happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 18"
"fakeness so ineffective"
"Changing my ways.."
"glad to hear from you!! How is January treating you so far?"
"I want to know the DHS worker who thought \"Oh these two kids have signs of abuse but the other four kids should be fine.\""
"does anyone want this twitter account??"
"I think Ima sex addict"
"problem with nprapi is it's custom + story-centric; few others out there doing similarly. devs are lazy, won't try too hard."
"Thanks to the interstate highway system, it is now possible to travel from coast to coast without seeing anything. - Charles Kuralt"
"25 hours to go...come B Punk now!"
"whaddya all throw at soccer games out there, anyway?"
"My ugg mug haven't been texting me.."
"Need a humidifier to sleep! The #Florida girl in me needs humidity."
"The most exhausting thing in the world is to try to be someone you are not. Relax and be who God made you to be."
"Reading \"21Minutes\" & wondering abt 25 ques. assessment quiz mentioned every week. Not on site, tho. Suggestions?"
"Show tonite at Mello Mushroom on Burbank..."
"Best Buy does price matching! Download the Red Laser app and you get lower prices!"
"Thanks Felix"
"It's a marathon for him to make it from one meal to the next without snacks. Does that count?"
"My blowout. Lol RT : 0.o why would you needa go to the barbershop?"
"Great to see you (last weekend) too! Your kiddos are just adorable. Hope you found lots of good stuff at the fair!"
"Fully agree, but I'm not sure it's the 'WTFU' people I'm concerned with.At least something's coming out of their face"
"My whole back is red 😨"
"About Venus wedding dress To find the exceptional of the dress of Venus lux are wedding in Shoppe :-)"
"Heading back home to Atlanta. Miss my awesome son & beautiful daughter in law. Oh yeah and my big ole german shepard, Nana!"
": come up whenever ur ready to get balled on"
"both are good, but I'd go with the beef. :-)"
"Dnt guess be sure..."
"It really sucks to be scared to text the person you like because you think you'll only be annoying them"
"Stop and see us in Pasco while you are here, we'd love to chat about #innovation & what we're doing for entrepreneurs!"
"The suspense waiting for to HOPEFULLY see my dm is killing me :( I hope he sees it <3"
"Camera's face recognition detected the faces on some of our prints. Can't decide if that's impressive software or amazing print work..."
"Start your six to nine months clocks today."
"Casino flow"
"Exactly. I can't imagine how that would have made you feel."
"I say no, but you never listen to me and then I end up right. But idk..just do what you want honey. It's your relationship."
"I wasn't paying attention!!"
"read it last year great book"
"yeah...saltwater finally got to the F5 and the M4-P had recently been dragged by a horse for no less than a million miles."
"Check out The Shadow Children- myspace.com/shadowchildrenofficial"
"it only took me 3 weeks.:) ahaha"
"\"My memory is so bad\" \" how bad is it?\" \"how bad is what?\""
"plus I would have no idea who your friends are so idk what that has to do with anything"
"- thanks for the shout out for Backyard Campout! All the fun continues this week on M/W/F/Sat!"
"I eat too much for my size..."
"There is a writing and cognition symposium on that day. The speaker is Ronald Kellogg. We should meet up."
"u see what im talkib about u didt invite me"
"This bitch has the ugliest laugh"
"*Urgent* UI Programmer - South of england to work on an exciting new Games title, for more info contact .uk"
"but first you had a strawberry banana #mix1 I imagine! RT “: Post work out meal, souplantAtion. #souplandank”"
"I WANT TO KILL YOU ALL."
"This is amazing."
"Get a 20% discount on Unlimited and Premium upgrades with the promo code cbturkey11 through the weekend!"
"zillow (also awesome app for smartphone)"
"I'm so dead"
"RT : Thanks for sharing! Always glad to pass on interesting articles, especially on brading and personal branding."
"The \"Personal Massagers\" at Brookstone are getting overtly dirty ..."
"I'm enjoying all the color and pagentry.. of commercials!~ good thing this has limited interruptions"
"RT \"Same sex marriage should be legal,\" President Obama says. Special report on the ABC network at 2:58pm ET."
"Thanks Ray, very much appreciated!"
"I am looking into tech for film, i.e. video cam, equipment, editing and/or software any recommendations? I want the best!"
"\"you gotta little dick!\" -girl in car that gets cut off"
"Plowing the fields. Like Jason Aldean says \"I'll take you for a ride on my big green tractor.\""
"Recovering from the Cubs/Sox series. Slowly."
"That's dirty"
"im on the set of #FamilyGuy right now&i just realized that might be living a\"alternative lifestyle\"..am i late on this1?"
"Web as platform and harnessing collective intelligence."
"RT You are the average of the 5 people you spend most of your time with.~Rohn"
"Watching #MadMen Don Draper just passed out. Oh baby"
"how do i do that?"
"Two generations that were unable to go to bed without their stuffed animals or blankies now feel the same way about their phones."
"Did you know that oatmeal is not gluten free because of cross contamination with wheat? You can get Bob's Red Mill Gluten Free Oatmeal ..."
"“: Buying a cat, teaching it how to rap then naming it Wiska Lifa #YOLO” get to it..."
"for a moment I thought I'd see a pic of the 2 fat ladies adding more butter :)"
"yeah are we going to the mall?? cu i need to get my eyebrows done :|"
"happy namesake day!"
"Ya u got me there never heard of Clearfield County!! Hope u have a good time!!"
"6 pounds dropped!!!! 10 more to go :-)"
"ya buddy"
"rocks my soxs off <# ."
"me too imma hit the sheets night #SafeSexWednesday and #StandGrand(:"
"sorry I missed it! If you are looking for more community participants 1. Use buffer & see when your tweets are read"
"Okay! text me!"
"The only thing worse than finding a creepy-crawly in your home is finding just the leg of a creepy-crawly in your home."
"this one is new. :) I was following so many people on the other one, I never read through my newsfeed, so I started fresh."
"Enjoying the tweets from Quebec! Still figuring out how to connect the bits -- Twitter to Facebook, etc."
"Hell yea, we gon be rich now"
"Pussy for lunch"
"No I didn't ask him. He's my clone; I think I know what he would say."
"#launcher Sims 3 Late Night Launcher Error"
"tweet tweet!! The International Indoor Soccer Arena is now on twitter!!"
"I'm guessing that will be a unique tweet in the LC archive."
"Pray, Fast and Slow For when you do these in the secret, God says He, Himself will reward you in the open. -Ted Lucas”"
"Welcome #Spring! Enjoy iced green tea or lattes on our outdoor patio & enjoy the sunshine."
"Happy birthday to the all-American animal crackers!"
"Thanks! Mary Thorp is on FB and would like to learn Twitter & join the Tweet Team. We're expanding the campaign wi volunteers."
"We'll have more information for you soon! Stay tuned on Twitter & Facebook for the most up-to-date information!"
"What do you call the perfect woman?"
"Peeps can someone tell me #WTF is cribbage?"
"We Mets fans miss ya so much!! Boy I loved your swing!! Your the best Floyd!"
"yes, but I can't wait to get a cut. My ends are fraying so bad. I think it is from turning on the heat on today too."
"Surprisingly had a really good nap"
"Thanks for the follow and shoutout!"
"60% Win, 40% Mac and three iPads in session. I know, iPads are outside the norm."
"you never fail until you give up"
"A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.—Albert Szent-Gyorgyi"
"how is Ally"
"Excited for tonight! Hoping to find a healthy option! Any recommendations??"
"let's go lol"
"Too funny! “: #questionsihateanswering \"hey can I borrow a pad/tampon?\" bitch, I don't want that shit back, puercaaaaa!”"
"Stop the world - I want to get off."
"My tweets are all over the place this morning. I guess it's been a while because I have so much to share..."
"\"All work no play, makes Jack a dull boy.\""
"Orlando vs Steak - what a night! Thank you to everyone who came out and participated in making Orlando vs Steak an amazing event!"
"Big game tomorrow vs Chicago Fire PDL...heard some good things about , let's see what they are all about."
"RT : My Nigga Mr.Vault Home LETS GET IT"
"just heard on .npr that interior secretary salazar had a major natural gas announcement. Shouldn't he keep that to himself?"
"Hi I am following ! He needs to follow me !"
"I still did well though!"
"Resentment is an excellent motivator"
"HolyCrap!!! Wish I was there! Enjoy!"
"I think that an auditorium full of screaming strangers means you nailed your hip hop routines! Great job!"
"Claims wimax is good option for wisps"
"It's amazing how the instant I smell even the hint of a bon fire, I am flooded with some of the best memories of my life. <3"
"\"You The Boss\" will never get old to me, I promise!"
"oh. ya. guess thats why I saw your tweet. still trying to figure this twitter out. :) thanks again!"
"go to sleep before black Thunder give u a bedtime story of a lifetime!"
"FINAL DAY for your chance to win $100 in restaurant gift certificates!!! See pinned post for details...winner will be announced tomorrow."
"#oomf tries to comment on everything to but funny... but actually sounds really dumb."
"Thanks to YOU for the follow. Hope to see you on the big stage someday!"
"\"and how do you feel?\" ... Were all gonna get laid!!"
"I think the time has come, yes. Given that we're done with 9/13ths of the season, I'll do a season recap, then weekly next year."
"The countdown to graduation in #faegans is seriously depressing."
"haha no I didn't see it but I'll go with you"
"Great to see everyone! “: At the new Sobelmans with the Warrior crew! CC ”"
"I NEED MOREE FOLLOWERS ,"
"You were my best friend. Yeah, not anymore!!"
"So Elena's a vampire now. Ok. My head just exploded."
"\": Never lose hope. Your destiny often arrives in a package you didn't even know you ordered! #TheSW\""
"sorry for the unfollow. :) I have automated follow to make sure but it takes away the ones who do not follow also automatic."
"Whoever trended #BeliebersAreAllStupid , should go in a closet or something...smh"
"You should do win a day with we sure could use her style tips!"
"Easter SF-style: Hunky Jesus contest at Dolores Park, then sci-fi film fest."
"Thanks for keeping the fight alive, Oakland. You are leading the way to social justice"
"just a quick note in,Logie is doing alittle better, still pretty sick,hes resting at my moms while i pack more boxes."
"My 8 year old son Otis loves you, we were at the rally today..he said, go get em Vince!"
"Funny enough, I often find 3D to be too much of a distraction. So we're both screwed."
"very nice dude!!"
"Saving my pennies to buy your \"Love Affair\" shirt. I love it so much!"
"definitely entertaining. I haven't met anyone on here. none of my followers that I've clicked with live in Chicago :-/"
"RT : Happy Hour today from 3pm to 6 pm!!!"
"Working on my last term paper ever...till I get into graduate school, heh."
"Great thing 'bout God is He puts you exactly where in the Universe you need to be... like on a southern tree-lined pool patio with the boys."
"In Dallas and ready for #linked2012! Be sure to stop by the iTriage booth if you're here!!"
"I love you too and you're a bigger whore."
"This school is driving me to nervous breakdown country fast"
"If an angry bird gives you 'the bird,' by rule of double negative, is that a compliment?"
": Gause's mother or grandmother received a text message from Gause saying she had been home in Lithia Springs most of the night?"
"Todd: \"There is no problem America can't invent its way out of of.\" We are reinventing healthcare through grassroots mojo."
"\"I would slap you, but in Germany we don't hit little girls\""
"LIFE ISA TRICK"
"I'm on to you now..."
"Yeah. they are the best."
"So we pull up to taco bell.. and Jaime orders it in a total british accent... yeah, we got free food. (;"
"Hey #Gophers, you owe the #Wolverines (& buckeyes) three hours of our lives back! Can't believe I watched that."
"is by far one of the most beautiful girls on my TL. and her sleeve is #TOUGH !"
"Hanging with the Palm Beach #drupal slingers at the meetup tonight."
"I just heard Sam Waterston say the F word -I <3 HBO"
"Since I'm not running for the next month or so, I'm thinking I need to catch up on the CodeYear tutorials. Did 4, got too busy."
"Its official, my boyfriend is mentally retarded!"
"Good night"
"RT : We're the proud recipient of the Governor's Points of Light award for corporate volunteer programs, thx 2 our employees!"
"If i could meet one person it would have to be ! She is very inspiring and very beautiful! I  Hope!"
"reason I joined please follow"
"got it going crazy? RT : It's a madhouse by the superdome!!!"
"What's wrong Luv ?"
"I am not a hater but I hate the work that you are doing now, Jesus Walks moved me, Now all this secretive stuff with Illuminati"
"your web site. ugh."
"Its raining, its pouring, my old man is snoring, he went to bed this morning."
"This just in: recently tweeted \"I exfoliate & drink tequila by the gallons.\" I knew he was really Carmen Elektra! Happy bday, Rock!"
"Goin to `s house!"
"#quotes If you wait until all the lights are \"green\" before you leave home, you'll never get started on your trip to the top."
"I promise you no other nigga can treat you better than I can.."
"give him back his turtle u stupid cunt idk if u hav a pet but if some1took it&wudnt give it back how would u feel"
"Sunday - 15000 chips up from 6000 - still very early - sry for slow twitter to my sweetheart"
"Oh yeah?! That's awesome! Thanks so much! :]"
"I walk into my bathroom and my dog walks out of the shower #whattheactualfuck. And she scared me too lmao"
"Tonight: Manila clams, mussels and rockﬁsh with chickpeas, thyme and bruschetta. Yum."
"Ernie's Chandler: Crabcake on an English Muffin w/ Cheese and Tomato"
"Our Minecraft Birthday Party - chocolate diamonds"
"It's not a night at the ballpark til the cops show up"
"Lost 5lbs woo here I come #summerBody! ;)"
"Thank you! They are a very rude person >.< and I honestly don't understand why they are talking to me."
"almost there!!!"
"Thank YOU! RT : Great UPAF lunch at Thanks for the great room and the delicious spread!"
"If you're TIRED of stupid love tweets & quotes , follow ™. She tweets real interesting shit you can relate too."
"Retina display on the new iPad."
"it's a Canadian bloody Mary. Bound to be different."
"So glad to hear that the 17 yr old girl hit by an SUV in Hermitage while catching her bus is going to be OK broken arm and hip injuries"
"stop blaming other writers......you opened the can of worms re: #Pacman. I guess it was the bad writing...."
"I'd be enjoying this moment a whole lot more if I was asleep."
"Hope to see you tomorrow! :-)"
"Hes got the next round but he always drinks for free. Theres one in every crowd its usually me"
"We shouldn't have to \"push\" our leaders to do the right thing. That should be inherent in their nature."
"when is cody goin to be on punk'd???"
"sounds like a great event! Ill try to get down there, tho monday's tough. Thanks for hosting these types of nights"
"Accidentally dropping some random persons iPhone in Lake Michigan.. Oops.."
"is that the one on north avenue?"
"ePatient is also an activist for the doctors. You need to find ways to educate a doc. Don't just leave when the going gets tough"
"HELL YEAH! I was hoping they would! RT: : GB traded up again!"
"she fuck she suck she swallow man its like a triple double"
"ok...now I get it. I must post something in order to be found...duh"
"You're welcome Cecy!!"
";P Airsoft Mesh Mask Review ( Army of Two) masks"
"I've seen the future and it's TV on a blimp. Yeah, I said blimp."
"Is #LastManStanding a show that was built for humorless Republicans?"
"Blog update tomorrow morning!"
"What i wouldnt give to hear your voice..."
"I hope everyone is having a great lunch...."
"Happy birthday live it up to the fullest!!"
"all of your goodbyes on FB/Twitter/Instagram are making me sad. You okay over there?"
"Hey #EdCampNYC Have a fantastic event tomorrow ~ Saturday, October 1st!"
"S/O to Brandon Jacobs! Dude 6-4 264 lbs just broke off a DB like Reggie Bush back at USC"
"I want a p-rail"
"Holiday Flash Sales are in rotation! Get products up to 50% off during the holidays! Happy Vaping!"
"I've changed for the better"
"TIP: search something popular like \"Justin Bieber\" then send that tweet to EVERYONE you see listed!"
"Super Baseball Simulator 1000 - 1990 Cincinnati Reds"
"RT : \"No\"? That just means \"ask someone else\" ;-) #Charisse'sWorld #\"I'mpersistant"
"Get out and see sky sailing and paragliding right here in ABQ. They're all featured in See the movie, see the balloon museum!"
"Do the right thing even if you have been wronged - it helps you sleep at night."
"I love big fat purple nipples on my penis for breakfast."
"Great to hear! We hope you have a great weekend."
"If you're free my dude."
"mine started off like a Monday at work. But it should make for a fast day."
"Retweet if you love your momma! ❤"
"yay my princess tiana costume that my grandma made was a big hit at school and i loved it."
"oh yea!!!!! koolieo we da same age!!! lol :D"
"Well some people."
"I have a great new invention.."
"follow me whore"
"Thanks! :D"
"Are you coming to MoCCA, or you just want someone to distro for you?"
"I can't say I \"regret\" dinner, per se...but I can say, I could've eaten it a little slower, and maybe not every last bite. :) oy."
"Now welcoming any Vancouver restaurant recommendations from the Twitter Foodiesphere! Let me know if there's any place I can't miss!"
"I'm a very jealous person & since I'm not going to Coachella this weekend, I can't say I'm mad that it's raining."
"you are me e.o?"
"Order sent to Ryan in Australia!"
"haha exactly. can't wait for our bloody mary date :)"
"Say it ain't so, the Epic 4G isn't going to have #NFC after all? BAH!!"
"happy mother's day. do something good for a mother"
"stay schemin and yellow diamonds is so loud the windows breathing"
"WoW, so you jumped ship?"
"Wait, does he live here?! Is he why I moved to Austin? We are already married in my head."
"I'm guessing the Indianapolis child prostitution/human trafficking means \"Like a Virgin\" got nixed...?"
"haha thanks. they err toward frida kahlo sometimes but I love em anyway."
"I'm SO tired."
"I can't decide if the nissan juke is ugly or cute"
"Thank you for following.. and retweet xD"
"Seems #Obama now has a hostage crisis of his own. Will we see his inner Jimmy Carter?"
"wasssssuppppppp! (scream from scary movie voice)"
"Playing #SaySomethin in full blast<3"
"I'm going to the Haight Street fair on Sunday with We could meetup there, at Haight and Stanyan, and go for coffee."
"how did Shelby 1st break the news 2 u that he wanted 2 b a race car driver & what was your first reaction when he told u?? XOXOXOXO"
"Black Manta now part of the Light!!!"
"I've decided to renew with the for next year. Just working out the details"
"Nov. 11, 12 & 13 - New Mexico. Plan to visit Santa Fe's 13th annual Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival. Check it out at artisansgonegreen.com"
"Kobe fina give OKC they first L in the series"
"In queue for book signing. This line is DEEP!"
"writing a piece on the silo effect now based on Gillian Tett's excellent thoughts in Financial Times"
"DJ GROOVES going in right now with the 9 O'Clock Hit Mix! Turn us up and enjoy :)"
"That's an impressive level of discipline (limiting it to once a year) -- but 'tis the season! Enjoy!!"
"gay people are drama queens! lol"
"Horrible calls by refs in beavers game... 2 calls turned back"
"The mint green for my desktop and the yellow for my iPhone. A great message for both the screens in my life! :)"
"Isn't it time for credit unions to become the Cult Brand for financial services?"
"NEED PERSPECTIVE? Just spoke at Wishing Star Event to Parents w/ children w/ life-threatening illness. Life - It's ALL relative!!"
"Peace in the middle east"
"When a man says he had pleasure with a woman he does not mean conversation. - Samuel Johnson"
"id kill someone for you ...."
"Your not gonna support Obama now just because he supports gay marriage?"
"follow me ?"
"It's complicated..."
"Car shopping(: I want to be 16."
"Morning meetings with commitee for March of Dimes Gala! Save the Date the event will take place on Nov. 8."
"Why would you compare your last to your current?"
"Ironic. Butler is playing in an arena that has even more history than its Fieldhouse--The Palestra. I love hoops."
"didn't. Thanks!"
"So Much Clothing Coming Out For Yall This Summer, It Will Be Crazy"
"F.U. RT : Someone bring a broom to work monday. Paint it thunder blue!"
"#MUSICREVIEWS Feeder return to the mainstream with a vengeance in new album Generation Freakshow. Following the Renegades 'experiment', w"
"Today, I learned that street cleaning has begun again by getting my first ticket of the season. Made me think about selling my car."
"because I'm here? :D"
"I'll be working the morning shift at tomorrow. Stop by and pay me a visit."
"Gotta punch out this essay!!! -___-"
"lol sounds good to me..."
"You'll never look back. It's a de-papering addiction."
"good job, Mike!"
"I was not, that really does look exactly like us!"
"Seriously in love with everything OC. Orange County > Burbank."
"Everybody will get a bailout, just wait"
"Who is that ketchup bottle ?"
"Where exactly *IS* shopping heaven?"
"There is a couple doing some next level tongue slurpin' in this bar right now."
"I need a good Halloween costume that will capitalize on the fact I'll b 7 months pregnant..."
"Taking another look"
"Haven't been on here in a while ;F"
"Tomorrow going to Corsica, can't believe school is in 8 days"
"Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna"
"you are becoming more liberal every day"
"Those sound like some fascinating partnerships. Seeds and guitars - very outside the box."
"Electricians lay siege to Balfour Beatty"
"This Derby weekend was successful!"
"Even though they lost, i can honestly say that Bellmont still did great tonight ! & #everyoneelse(:"
"Its a beautiful day in Miamii! Love this 80 degree weather!"
"think it airs this fall, but nit sure exactly when. Just saw a commercial for it last night. All's good on my end. You?"
"Bryce Harper just stole home!"
"How does a 3.5 hour drive to Minneapolis turn into 4.5 hours....have a WI trooper pull onto I94 during mi 4 and stay behind you for 165 mi."
"Watching toy story 2"
"\": What me and talk about >\" people wish they were us"
"miss u too :D"
"thanks dude some of it is kinda sloppy but I don't even care hehe"
"in case you missed it, gelato is back. Tell all your friends."
"Just had some Chinese food at the wok inn"
"There's something to be said about #hotelbars...what that is, I'm contemplating."
"Haha. Ignore my moon tweet and go see The Avengers! I saw it this afternoon, and it was FANTASTIC! :)"
"yes just ordered my shirt from :D"
"I like saying hello to Zombies !"
"All specials and upcoming events are listed on our Facebook page: thebar lv. Going to try and get the tweets going..."
"Giving a shout out to my family"
"\"I just lost my balls! I'm gonna use that if you don't mind...\" LOL"
"when are guys going to start distributing in #Chicago?"
"soy cheese? I am intrigued"
"interested in your pf ticket if you are selling at a reasonable price"
"Just 22 followers away from announcing winners of the #VampGiveaway Follow for your chance to be 1 of the lucky 20 winners!"
"really wish you were sitting next to me on this plane so I could dust you. Ill tell the fellas at the dispensery hello for you."
"Better late than never, but never late is better."
"Awesome. They'll be lucky to have you! RT : It's official. I'll be joining and starting this summer. Can't wait."
"[We live. We learn. We grow] To respond is positive, to react is negative. -Zig Ziglar"
"I can only imagine. I'm stuck on the couch with a swollen mouth. Id kill to be on the beach right now."
"I thought 11/11/11 was Herman Cain's plan on steroids."
"Win 2 tix to kick off party! Tweet us # of participating rests. & we'll pick a random winner from all correct entries!"
"You mean at all? Lol."
"ah l'Hopitals rule...couldn't remember it if I had to"
"You can't master your future, If you're still a slave to your past."
"That's a god decision, besides you must know it's better for you . :)"
"Universal/Motown Artist Mika Means on the Adva Mobile platform. Text getmika to 88704 to check her out on your phone."
"Read this great book last week w/ 1st graders, and talked what would be like not to have access to books."
"sadly we had to drive back last night. Hope you have a productive day at #ira12 without us"
"SPSS has froze every time I recode a variable - it allows one recode & then freezes. Reboot, recode, freeze... again. Er,"
"Social login makes it easy to personalize content and product recommendations"
"I love you too!:)"
"The 3 is my tribute to Harmon Killebrew. Actually, it was apparently the lowest number available to this William Swanson."
"it's spying on people! It's creepy"
"right now its tiring because im reordering half of them, sucks"
"i love u!"
"is that what you ask yourself whenever you go shopping in Emeryville?"
"psh whatever! Just dust off those pipes and belt it!"
"The first human being who hurled an insult instead of a stone was the founder of civilization. - Sigmund Freud"
"Thanks AARP...we love being a part of your family! The Grannies on Safari"
"Great things are accomplished by talented people who believe they will accomplish them."
"#WeWontWork if I know more about u den u know about me..."
"Happy madre's day! I love her so much. <3"
"ha! Lemme think, but 2days 'flinstone disco pouch' was pretty funny:)"
"congrats on the young dem article in this weeks CL"
"#Obama Has everybody in my house mad! Lmfao.. Funny shit!"
"Heavy set lady singing along - hard - to \"I wanna fuc you\""
"Interesting that ADHD runs in the family. Kudos on breastfeeding, it helps a lot to boost immunity (allergy & antibody response)"
"Woot! gave me heaps of +K today :)"
"Hurry up and end play rehearsal!! I wanna go home already!!! ^_^"
"Being Alone Sometimes Makes Shit Worst"
"WMYB was playing at the pool at Circus Circus. Boyfriend started singing :)"
"i agree, a lot pro's and Con's"
"I wanna do something spooky for Halloween. Anyone in #Columbus have any ideas that doesn't include the #HauntedHoochie? I punch when scared."
"cinnamon life?"
"virtual conf sessions for #aam2012 today are fab. Current #glamwiki is rocking my thoughts with the stats. thanks Wikipedians in Residence"
"Really can't wait to move into San Antonio with"
"nah..hearing bout it everywhere tho..imma check it now!"
"OMG I just peeped my girl Angel from K is for Kinky & she did a PHENOMENAL job (while sicky!) on her Khols shoot! Proud of her!"
"Good morning to \"the 52\". Great first round of torny. UL, UK, IU all survive. David Thomas holds 1st alone picking 26/32"
"Hooray!! RT You're going to the chapel & you're gonna get married!"
"I have a Droid...will chk out market and tweetdeck.com. Where's doc on Twitter, like a bio, shortcuts, terms, etc?"
"Goodnight loves <3"
"1/3 of this drink & I was feeling it. What is wrong with me!? Lmao 😣"
"Will you and Alex record it? i cant watch tonight, sorry!<AB"
"Happy earth day!! Enjoy nature and keep mama earth clean. Try not to be a littering asshole for just one day."
"and don't forget to follow me!!! :)"
"Haven't seen that anywhere."
"that's ok...sleep when u dead!!"
"That heart attack moment wen ur mom borrows ur phone \"what if she opens my inbox ,my photos , my EVERYTHING\"!!"
"particularly if the carriers will try to sell you another new phone for every six months ;-)"
"Big ole pot of corned beef and cabbage finished.....gotta love crockpot cooking...."
"Shout out to singer Jason Hemmens! Ya'll should follow him: Live at Whisky a Go Go 3/18/11"
"Carlos Rogers with his 2nd pick today... You suck"
"IM HAPPY <333"
"amber, she had purple hair and a grill lmao"
"Or do you not think so far ahead? Cuz I've been thinking bout forever..."
"Facebook will have so much money after going public Palo Alto will be renamed Zuckerberg."
"Honestly what kind of chance do you give Rusty to win in Milwaukee?"
"I really don't want 2 go 2 school and get bullied more :/"
"for the record straight your aunt kate is the only one to teach you bad words cause she teaches my son them 2"
"Ah been a weird week. It's had its ups and its downs."
"$5 says Matt Cooke #pens :)"
"Oregon RT : Who won the fight?"
"Seattle represent! Hoping might make an appearance too!"
"New blog on the way ...."
"To all writing teacher tweeps, any advice for guiding a bunch of potty-obsessed 10 yr. olds into writing about something other than poop?"
"RT : What are you listening to right now? #Need2Share --> #Phil&Friends Althea with Joan Osborne on lead vocals."
"Stores: \"Hey let's buy 100 cash registers but only open 3!\""
"you hear \"swag\" \"belieb\" \"supras\" \"purple\" or \"canada and automatically \"justin\" pops in your head :)"
"Dale sure has changed."
"You mad? Stay mad"
"Tweet tweet tweeta-lit ^"
"Nope, if you live there you usually got off with a warning, got one of those, and we knew to not speed."
"I have always thought #OWS and the #teaparty have a tremendous amount in common."
"Is Lamar Donuts open?"
"super awkward naked retarded man."
"ditto man!"
"In the movie Pale Rider. What does Clint Eastwoods character put in his safety deposit box and what does he take out? Reply on this tweet."
"Fox news is like The Onion. Only they don't know it."
"Yea I'm here"
"Spotted: Bumpits at Big Lots for $2. You know, in case you were feeling Jerseylicious today."
"“: Just stole seat!! :)))” it's okay I farted pretty good in it. Your welcome. 💨"
"#ThingsMyMotherSays \"so when are you bringing your girlfriend over?\""
"Cocktails is on the rooftop gardens tonight! Countdown to 5:30 begins..."
"Like I said, all comedy is based on exaggeration, big or small, whatever you can get away with"
"Courage the Cowardly Dog!"
"clipping my nails"
"haha shut up"
"So I've heard"
"Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do."
"5 and diner...."
"now following!"
"\"For born unto you this day in the City of David is a Savior who is Christ the Lord.\" -Luke 2:11"
"If u don't so stupid things while ur young... you'll have nothin to smile bout wen ur old..."
"Enjoyin this Texas brisket my dad sent me back in December lol"
"RT : Happy bday doll ;-) RT : Happy 18th Bday to my daughter enjoy! A grown ass woman now!Love Pop!"
"Warren Buffett, a billionaire, pays a lower tax rate than his secretary. Think that's unfair? So does Warren Buffett."
"#Badgers Nick Toon to the Saints"
"i understand now,so whatcha been up to?#.#"
"Can we have 1 Friday without Fortune Cookie relationship Advice?"
"Respect yourself. Don’t let anyone push you into something that is not you."
"You talk shit bout me yet you're worst."
"thank you for the follow."
"I'm my own team"
"great I am loving it here :)"
"spent 72 hours in the \"vessel\" prior to her performance of \"Born This Way\" At the Grammys."
"just downloaded Ah Yeah off iTunes. I like!!!!! #realmusic hope a tour to Florida is coming soon..."
"When it comes to some of my favorite people to follow here on Twitter.... is in my top 10!!! Thank you for all the support!"
"#IfIWomMegaMillions I'd have to purchase a box at Memorial Stadium!"
"When reads my texts but doesn't text back<<<< 💔😭"
"Guys don't dance because its fun. We do it because we know that you ladies enjoy dancing. That, and it increases our chances of...you know.."
"my thoughts exactly, but the station is dragging their feet, so I cannot properly plan anything"
"I could have passed, but it would have been to my 10-year-old niece, who was especially shy about it,so I didn't."
"Greek Gourmet in Squirrel Hill makes the most gigantic falafel balls."
"Just got home from my office, SO TIRED...I need to catch up on your articles, blogs, and will SOON"
"RT : ESPN says Arizona and Denver favored to land Peyton Manning, but Vegas still have Dolphins as betting favorites."
"But there's no sense in promoting a project that your readers can't purchase yet!"
"let me know when you are playing in or around Nashville again...do some more photos :)"
"If black suits are for funerals, sounds like they'd also be good for wearing to just about any date I go on........."
"So, I may lose my job! Isn't that awesome-sauce!"
"Hi Tari! you have to keep us updated on your book when it comes out... :)"
"For real I just got pizza to!"
"will do broskki"
"-__________- WIFE ANSWER ME ."
"I'm curious about the teddy grahams too. Did anyone give you an answer?"
"No I'm the celebrities call for their kids birtgday parties :) ^_^"
"Seattle Mariners hitters have not seen a 3-2 count through 7 1/3 innings."
"John Lennon: Reality leaves a lot to the imagination."
"please let me hear from you tomorrow around 5,oo pm and i will reply to you sexy thing thank you"
"I'm totally leaving work early today to follow the live blog about the unveiling of the"
"does your lab coat say \"Pediatric Neurology?\" That's my dream."
"Ok ladies I gotta go do my workout. If I'm still breathing after I'll check back in!"
"Front Lace Wigs Make Women have a Fresh Line Up LMAO"
"middle school dance. kids are too cute."
"a lovely dinner with and at boqueria. three hours of drinking sangria, catching up & laughing over our BCN memories."
"Aja that's just hilarious! Where r u from?"
"haHAA yes it's a plan unless it's on graduation day like it is tomorrow. Or maybe I'll just skip it. I dunno we'll see haa."
"you betta calm ya nipples lmaooo :p"
"I only order what you say! If you want boneless wings, say that you way boneless wings! Besides a grown as man ordering boneless wings"
"We're following each other, would you DM me your email?"
"we made our images pinable - and people are pinning."
"Thanks, we are happy to help! RT Thank you for the carry out that filled the hole in my soul this eve."
"Just got \"God bumps\" reading your last tweet. What a witness, how great is our God?!"
"well. okay. back to fan girling over 5 homosexuals. c:"
"Thanks for the RT!!!! be sure to get some good food."
"Wow Trick Daddy lives in Silver Shores"
"Was I the only one that picked up two bags of trash off the streets of Detroit today? Probably but it's Earth Day."
"just rub it in -__-"
"killed it in Knuffle Bunny. Yea girl!"
"Here's to my last day as a #PRintern! It's sort of bitter sweet..."
"i doubt Deron Williams would come to play for the blazers. that would be cool if he did though."
"But I do agree u need to step up and be there for the kids."
"Just found out there were outlets in the Pittsburgh area"
"It feels good to be there for someone."
"I'M GOING IN. SEE YOU IN TWO HOURS."
"Just got my butt kicked in class. I needed it."
"RT You can tell the size of your God by looking at the size of your worry list. The longer your list, the smaller your God."
"Ick!! Vitamins taste disgusting!"
"To think too long about doing a thing often becomes its undoing - Eva Young"
"bout to kut my beard off lol"
"Palin was wrong! Newt is not the front-runner! Romney is by a 5 delegate count! Palin should do her homework!"
"I will be playing at the cup in wantagh tonight from 9-12. Stop by!"
"thank you for sharing! Hope to see you there!"
"Told my wife I would rather burn the house down than watch Tiny Furniture. Too extreme?"
"New phone bitches:D"
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated"
"you guys are awesome. I don't say it enough, bit THANK YOU both for all you have done for me and"
"Oh great. Its gonna rain tomorrow. Some j4ck4ss down the street just washed his car :)"
"omg I can't believe it I love the last part ah"
"Nice, lol that made me laugh :-)"
"Hey long time no type :) Not ok, how about a follow to make up for it ;) haha"
"Going to get some tomorrow! :3"
"#Antioxidants in fruits and vegetables interrupt processes in the brain that lead to"
"yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)"
"RT/ I'm sorry that I late send message to you.I wanted to see your great show!Nagoya in japan,in Aichi./ :) Hope to play Japan!"
"Great being connected. Jennie, do you work as an actor and or model?"
"David Cone is killin it right now. Can't say the same for Andy Pettitte, but he looks good. Glad he's back."
"Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. -Norman R. Augustine"
"i was just saying that!"
"Stoudemire got like eight layers wrapped around his arm & still playin better then most of his team, lol."
"I wouldn't change even if I could."
"#onlyif I could go back in time"
"I saw that! It's good :)"
"Chad Griggs to light heavyweight, will meet Phil Davis at UFC on Fox 4!"
"Working on more images =) have you seen FB?"
"HowardStern: It seems like Michelle Bachman is taking over the whole tea party, hot, dummy thing."
"Put Halloween mummy in front of VOTE OBAMA lawn sign to scare lame thieves away. Everyone is stealing OBAMA signs, but can't steal HOPE."
"I have that same one today, not much of a \"recovery\" but still got to love it right?"
"Hollywood Studio Bar and Grill. Open mic tonight! Come on out!"
"Behind every boss is a boss woman, when u find one hold on 2 that one.. E-40"
"you graduated kid get over it"
"Oh yeah bc we know abstinence training works oh so well. Not so much."
"Rob Ingram came through for us today. The summit was amazing and also a beautiful day. And it truly was life-changing."
"Lol, a trail of J-Potter's social media bread crumbs led us straight to you!"
"When did Tom Cruise become a archery expert"
"Which suggests that you can imagine turning down a review because you are FB friends with that individual. Just curious."
"So is it about the vibes the person sends out, or how you interpret them? I'm kind of asp'y so I'm bad with social cues..."
"I know. And seen just about every marriage either fail or be dysfunctional. *sigh*"
"RT : UPDATE: Today's Nate Silver lecture will now start at 5:30 Apologies for the change."
"Shower then back to sleep ..."
"blue screen of death"
"YW! And me too! RT : Thanks for coming to our class! Looking forward to the presentations on Tuesday!"
"Being in Penn Station is like waking from a dream that makes no sense.I was having pizza,but then some guy peed while a couple was fighting."
"Phillip Phillips marry me 😍😘"
"Question I'm struggling with: What is the difference between \"training\" and \"education\"?"
"Haha!! Love it!"
"A bit of a dreary day in Santa Monica, but that makes me not feel so bad about having to sit at a desk all day."
"Trying to find the song to sooth the feelings"
"Senior prank day... Chickens...why .."
"Memories are made and memories are forgoten but the ones rememberd are made with the ones you love !"
"Thanks for the #FF love! The Aurora Center is opening soon and I see field trips to visit you in the future!"
"Can someone give me a WOOF?"
"All these positive changes going on... I love it."
"dang, we have westest tomorrow."
"We do not know what we want and yet we are responsible for what we are - that is the fact. Sartre"
"I'll just take both! Lol"
"Portland Police investigate \"very unusual\" officer-involved shooting this morning. Details on Fox 12."
"I think that is the opposite of sick. The world sees everthing backwards or upside down!"
"#YouKnowHerCoochieStink if she wears Leggins everyday!"
"If I hear the phrase \"wheelhouse\" one more f'n time"
"it is?"
"I think I jus encountered my first serendipity moment"
"It's interesting to see how many loan modification programs are now coming out as scams!"
"wait , did you sit in the section 215 ?! Thanks btw ! x"
"Get it all in with 1010 vs big stacks 66. I flop a 10 but lololol board runs out a straight for the 66."
"you mean MLA"
"Funding levels are rising to run our #DreamAct ad in AZ this primary. Help make it a reality!"
"Getting ready to blast second training session today for An actor but more serious in his training than many pro athletes"
"Glad you survived! You should share more with me soon ;)"
"Science Technology Visionary Ira Flatow Scheduled to Moderate Day One Keynote at Digital Health Summit at the 2012 International CES h..."
"Did you buy one of our owl shirts? Take a picture of you wearing it and post it on our wall!"
"Damn Peyton Hillis smh.... the video game cover curse is real"
"can't wait to hear this week's message!"
"Our Iced Hibiscus Lemonade is great for cooling down on these hot days in Chicago.The Espresso Freezes are awesome too.See ya soon!!"
"2 You'll never find a good candidate 4 as long as they receive 1000s or millions of $ from individual or corp."
"thank you. Ur awesome"
"thank you, Luticha! We have already fallen in love with her. :-)"
"My First Tweet On This Account ! =) ~Helen"
"Oft times on a morn such as this I am fearful of falling asleep on the MAX, missing my stop, and being dumped off at the Expo Center."
"thanks! Yes, we are headed to England in early September. Would you be available to grab coffee when school gets out?"
"ESPN Classic is starting them tonight. With raised prices you might be"
"don't blame us"
"So bored!! Chillin at my gma house, got dignosed with bronicitus... so took some meds and coughing.. nothing good on tv.. this sucks"
"The fact that anyone could compare Girls to any show other than Curb Your Enthusiasm is mind bottling to me. Female Larry David FTW."
"You remind me of the ocean - you make me sick."
"2chainz is by far one of these least creative names I have ever heard of? What's next a rapper named one neck? 2 eyes? One tee? #C'monson"
"Happy Birthday Liz!!! enjoy your special day! :D"
"You know how I knew he made me really happy. Because when I got that chance to make everything better? You know I went for it(:"
"Our team is ready for the South Beach Triathlon this Sunday! Come cheer us on at 7:30am at 5th&Ocean! cc:"
"Austin: you got me, you got me mom. Mom: don't you just love me? They're like best friends, I love their relationship."
"Getting Started With Google Shopping Feeds"
"oh yay!! Not a solid date yet, but I will of course update everyone along the way! :)"
"Commission public input hearing in San Diego now in session."
"follow back fam!"
"Sucks to see someone fired but it had to happen. Lets get this thing turned around."
"I FoLLow MTV's Teen Mom's , , .... because I can relate! :/ It's nice to kno sum1else understands :/"
"I blame Mike Brown lol"
"imaging the best season of"
"i'm bout to LOL"
"Congrats Lisa Lopez, the first to correctly guess The Last Waltz, All Night Long, Mildred Pierce and Rocky Horror Picture Show."
"Why didn't anyone tell me it was National Peanut Butter Day? Do they make a greeting card for the occasion?"
"You know, the usual... (RT Listening to while I wait for Kenny Rogers at SeaWorld)"
"lol I think it might have to do with the whole golf course story..haha"
"I will read more before bed, thanks. RT : read a book. Puts me right to sleep."
"The aim of marketing is to know and understand the customer so well the product or service fits him and sells itself."
"Merritt Island you were great! Thank you for the support over the past few years."
"anyone noteworthy. i'm digging dirt on a story of a food cart entrepreneur of some local fame now. media is always good too."
"Almost bedtime! Heading up to the shop first thing in the morning. Good night!"
"thanks for posting Chuck S01E11 HD | Henry Turner's Crystal Band -- Giving My Love Up To You"
"BEST THING IVE HEARD ALL DAY!!!! :D"
"At press conference to announce naming of 16 yr old, Pittsford native, FREESTYLE AERIALIST JONATHON LILLIS TO U.S. SKI TEAM!"
"Beautiful afternoon in Malibu despite the forecast for straight rain...off to the Getty!"
"My daughter is so fye for dvr'ing Single Ladies and Secret Life for me!"
"I just shot my first SAG-AFTRA spot for Bank of America. It was so much fun."
"Enrollment appointments will be available in Orion during the first week of november. email me if you need to chat re schedule."
"FF# , , , , tweeps are a complete mis-mash of awesome info.."
"Just tapped Lips of Faith Raspberry Saision."
"Ok ok *caves in to non-existent pressure* I will begin avidly searching for Living Violet, I'm excited to read it =)"
"So bored"
"Just pawned them off on lafey! Sucka"
"We are excited too!"
"In 2011 more #smartphones were bought in the U.S. than PC’s. Why are you emailing your customers instead of sending them #text alerts?"
"We're moving into a world beyond language, my dear. :-)"
"YUSSSS! I'VE MISSED MY GIRLS SO MUCH."
"I have never seen it. Vowed to live my life titanic free"
"If you find out if this is possible, can you pleae let me know?! :)"
"thanks for fallowing! :)))))"
"I am at the Chicago Auto Show!"
"NO ONE will understand my deep love for Lucky Charms <3"
"soo how did it go buddy ?"
"Getting ready for an rare Saturday shift. Taking along and hitting the outlet mall afterwards."
"I've got a great tweet comin at y'all, stay tuned you're going to want to see this 😂"
"sup babes you look like dezi nichols I forgot her twitter but yeah dude"
"Finish reading \"Once Upon A Cow\"...stop making excuses."
"my cat is just laying at the edge of my bed staring at me o.o"
"My teacher acknowledged that I got a hair cut and seemed proud of herself for noticing. Well obviously Nothing gets past her hahaha."
"Much appreciated RT : You are welcome. I love you food !!!! Keep up the great work!!"
"Kinda wish people appreciated me more. I put everything i have into a relationship and get nothing in return."
"THANKS LINDSAY! Robert Murase designed Collins Circle to refer to a Japanese symbol in basalt. WHY in Goose Hollow is unkown"
"jb hater one min, jb lover the next? :)"
"FBI says it stopped kidnapping of innocent bystander during Hells Angels investigation. 5 SWAT teams made 26 arrests."
"nice color"
"the greatest places in the known universe are actually here in KY! I'm sure it's scientifically proven! :-D"
"you are amazing and don't you dare let anybody tell you different.(:3"
"Hold me close til the end of the road."
"This that bs"
"You are fast!"
"Oh the false assumptions! \"Access\" does not equal \"organization.\" Who defines what is \"heady\"? So much #facepalm going on here!"
"Going tomorrow after work, finally."
"Wowww. Copiers much? We did that picture first. Just makes you look stupid. Haha!"
"A little sad you stopped the one a day on Flickr.. you were my motivation! :) Hope you still continue to post of pups!"
"omg thunder and lightning im going to die"
"Come meet CSP at the Long Beach Grand Prix this weekend for great conversation and amazing weather!"
"So tired"
"Thanks to for meeting today and allowing me to be apart of his FCA small group. Enjoy our friendship and catching up"
"SWRO progressions followed by 100 burpee challenge followed by field notes."
"thanks. hakhsjhsjs i want tacos now."
"Cricket is launching Muve Music. includes unlimited downloadable music in the $55 mthly phone plan"
"Roll Tide. ;)"
"Aw, c'mon -- she could get her own #twibbon!"
"With apologies to the Del Mar Racetrack, U-T San Diego: Where the old media meets the new."
"Can you DC us out of your office window? Better Farragut here quick, cant wait to see what we have in al pastor for you."
"Kill the masses just got off and when gods fall ok stage now!"
"And that's a record percentage. RT : Need a free proofread on that resume, let me know..."
"Had a good night with friends, now it's bed time! I need a new project for the summer! Suggestions?"
"THanks, i need a stage, dj event to go go dance at...."
"Happy Mother's Day!"
"different designs are probably b/c each dept bids out its own contract. or no one cares about consistency"
"I hate how long it takes for my phone to charge...."
"Pandora will get me through today."
"I think they ship internationally."
"Good mornig everyone! one ride ends and new is about to start! woot woot"
"LOL! And we saw how that helped his career"
"Trivia Tuesday begins in one hour! Get here for $7 tacos, $6 margaritas and the chance to win prizes!"
"If you don't understand my silence, how will you understand my word ?"
"I GOT THE INTERNSHIP!!!! #biggirlstatus 👍👗👠"
"I'm just one gigantic pile of sick today. And I don't wanna go to school. Fuck."
"Portlander busy reading about Sebastian Bach on Wikipedia in preparation for wearing his new Skid Row T-shirt he found at thrift store."
"I just really hope that you think of me"
"i love how protective you are of your family. I'm so excited about 6! You've made a wonderful family."
"All I Can Say Is PACERS!!! Wow!!"
"great to see you last night duder!"
"Apple will replace an iPhone if it's the first time it's happened. Google it for rules..."
"On my way! #SHRM RT Looking forward to hearing tomorrow speak about"
"HA one mans trash is another mans...um BEST WORK!"
"Since I'm mostly looking at academics, they probably don't feel the same way. :("
"Wishes everyone a safe and successful New Year!"
"Jests that give pains are no jests."
"I didn't understand this tweet. Was she saying I'm rude?"
"Name some names that are hobbies or occupations. I cant think of any!"
"RT : #Austin look at the baby look at the baby.know someone with a newborn? Refer that person to me get 20% off your session"
"Do you guys ever get a shooting pain across your body like someone has a voodoo doll of you & they're stabbing it? No? How about now?"
"“: \": That one friend that can make anything funny just by the way they talk\" #nickJ” hahaha perfect"
"true 90s kid will remember the film called 'babe' .."
"Happy Birthday po! God bless. :)"
"I smoke weed until I hallucinate."
"I don't have time for superficial friends. I suppose if you're really lonely you can call a superficial friend."
"Thanks for following & I'm looking forward to your tweets!"
"If you are struggling with something in your life, email your questions to . Get your answers from a therapist."
"Thanks Barbie, glad you liked it = )"
"A Message To You, Rudy - thanks for the earworm"
"Let me know what you come up with. I'm just starting in Specia Collections and would love to keep up with any research you find."
"Bring back Steve Holt!"
"Just me fucking round let me know what yall think"
"who did u say this is playin now?"
"I agree - we have a 4 BR house that is too big. Have told my husband that our next house will def be smaller."
"Fasho bro lets get it"
"#ItsHardToNot do crack cocaine"
"these tubules are pretty convoluted."
"City staff answering questions from CM Spelman, saying that the calculations for AE tree trimming very complex"
"I'd go but I'm playing me dear ;)"
"I got action.....peace"
"lol I'm just kidding, I just got a little frustrated lol"
"DM it to me, yesterday I put the # in wrong"
"If I ever meet a brony, I will be sure to geld them on your behalf."
"Fantastic company. I'm feeling decidedly underpublished for the occasion."
"I love the Blonde roast best."
"Up Early straight husslin......"
"haha that's awkward but awesome :D"
"i remember u too lol :)"
"Did anyone notice the background music in the LOST preview for next week was from the 1971 version of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory?"
"here comes the boom."
"u in atlanta?"
"The parking lot at Wal-Mart is a sad, sad place."
"u aint kno? RT : What? RT : Lebron still the greatest Kentucky Wildcat ever. Even though he didn't make it to the Final Four"
"RT Talking with folks at about Social Networking."
"grilled pizza is so delicious and fun! Have you tried adding cilantro to your bbq chicken pie? Whole new level."
"Rise & Shine Wold, make moves cause life will definately move without you. keep God, Family, & Gr8 Friends 1st, Thank Thy Haters"
"Ever accept a facebook request from a cousin you don't know all that well then realize they are the most crass ghetto person?"
"Katharine Macphee singing at Rockefeller Center!"
"Thanks for inclusion in Kauf's Daily Recap!"
"Game Time!"
"because we are the bosses and we control the zipper <3 haha"
"I played the first mission. It is well done. A lot of fun. Unfortunately, there was a bug at the time..."
"I am not a Selena Gomez fan, but some of the people out there need to relax, it doesnt matter if Justin tweets her a happy birthday!"
"Im so bored iwent to target ystrday and spent 60 bucks!!! XP gonna go listin to my new cd now<3"
"Left another dent in this city last night with , a fan favorite."
"The Lakers are 3-7 in their last 10 playoff games going back to last season."
"dont make cool music,MAKE INCREDIBLE ISH! im goin crazy behind thismuzikproduction n mixin ish,i'll b n a strait jacket when we reach da top"
"#MyFavorite Michael Jackson Songs is...Bad!! I did not know it was a song, I found out yesterday! So now is my favorite."
"Wake the fuc up America!."
"If i had a minute or two until i die i would run to the store and buy a life saver."
"Omg i didnt see the 1st half i was in the gym playing basketball and football"
"I will defer to your knowledge. Just notice way less controversy/issues in the BL than EPL. Seems England has the worst to me atm"
"wait are you going for orlando?!!! please say yes!!!"
"Been living on college prowler."
"I love #SaySomethin so much that it's my ringtone on my phone!!!!! #MahomieThing :)"
"aww thank you ♥ Merry Christmas to you and your family!!"
"Alabama Rethinks Tough Immigration Law"
"I need to stop #pinning and start paying attention!"
"all you can eat mexican food for $5.99 at picosos look us up at picososmexicanfood.com on yahoo"
"Omg had so much fun at the photo shoot :)"
"‘if u hate them ur jealous of them!’ no i just hate them"
"RT “: You were born to be real, not to be perfect.\""
"Thanks! We will definitely get on that!"
"I'm not knocking Tami for talking shit. But Keisha should have said something. But I hate 2 sick someone prey on da weak. Ijs really Tami"
"Me too!"
"I am fully optimistic the #Brewers will contend all year, but I don't hate you if you don't."
"okay, sure!"
"I don't understand how my CD is supposed to get here by Tuesday when it hasn't even shipped yet! WTF Amazon!?"
"It doesn't take a rocket scientist....."
"go to bed."
"“: The first 500 orders will receive inserts signed by the band. Each color is limited to 500!"
"I will have 2 picks this week if the market stabilizes, otherwise I do not want to give picks that will lose short term."
"ON GREEN EGGS AND HAM IMA NINJA IMA BOMB NIJA AT THAT.! DONT PLAY.!:d I BLEED EPIC & PISS AWESOME.!#TRUE;D"
"Applebee's 2 for 20. Out for the birthday of my girlfriends roommate :/"
"I took a walk by a clock, so I passed the time"
"Its the frosting. De-lish!"
"Burning a few calories dancing to Shakira's 'Hips Don't Lie'...wish I knew how to belly dance."
"at the crib getting my 352 on"
"He keeps mine too.. sometimes we read old, old emails from when we were dating :)"
"couldn't agree more!"
"Tomorrow you will need to use your spidey sense to figure out if something is wrong?"
"You can play yo heart out, everyone dnt get a ring tho..."
"Apparently someone won 2 journalism awards tonight for writing a story about my Jeopardy experience. I should get at least half a plaque!"
"The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have. Norman P Veale"
"I know it's not exciting, but save yourself some some future hassles & ck your furnace filter... Or don't and call us in a month or so! :)"
"im so sorry i cant make it to your concert </3 :("
"Would someone please check in with Taylor to verify her vitals? Thanks!"
"Everyone today just like comepletely invaded my privacy taking my glasses >.<"
"that moment when u get your relationship advice from Tré Melvin ....best choice ever!!"
"great local #leesburg author to follow:"
"She's everything by Brad Paisley never gets old. #countrymusic makes me happy."
": will evangelicals vote for Romney? key question for the election - data shows religion an important factor"
"Thanks to my family & friends that attended the awards...enjoyed the time with my best friend in the whole world! Blessed day!!!!"
"Hi Mike welcome to the Hilton Bentley. Hope you can visit us at the restaurant on the first floor by the lobby :)..."
"Rate me wait for me to put my pic up"
"Clipper run."
"Thanks for the RT!"
"I hate when people think I'm anorexic just because I'm thin..did u not notice i like food??. Alot I eat like a horse:)"
"Ugh work is pissn me off today woke up n a horrible mood.. just wana go home n hav sum wine 2pm hurry!!"
"I was just sad cuz that's the only friends u have"
"dude we need need u here longer than thursday.. U see what Barea did to us in the playoffs?"
"#ThankYouSteve for paving the way and being a true visionary. You inspire and you will be missed."
"Republicans Agenda pt 6. 20.No Regulations 21. Slaves and illegal Workers for Corporations Profits, 22. Kill the Gay Rights"
"Just wanna sing"
"From Osceola, WI spotter: 1.03\" rainfall over the past hour. also noted water standing in low lying areas on roadways."
"SURF Report: 5/11/11 Pacific Beach 2-3 ft + knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 63°F"
"Awesome fans! Yay susan! :)RT : Awesome to hear your songs this morning! Loved \"Liberty\"!"
"Having fun hangin w/ and"
"Will I get Arrested for closing my bank account ?"
"Having both of us at the same workplace could lead to trouble!"
"The links didn't work on our last tweet. Whoops"
"Great article, D! Thanks for passing it on. The Chatty Cathys are the worst: they tend to brag at the same time. Sheesh!"
"Whoa, that's not good! so miss the smell of pinon-here in Nanjing it's"
"RT You can help us save kids before they up the doses. Looking for some role models and stars. No judgments. All good PR"
"Welcome to new followers and thank you!"
"Optimum time for webinar is 90 minutes. 2 hour classroom converts into 90 minutes"
"They helped me get through my now ex bf from this year, cheating on me. #Love1D x"
"That's good"
"Deasy says schools not getting better til state gets fiscally better. Disagree. And, his stance doesn't inspire hope in difficult times."
"Background actors are, and seeing as how that's how most SAG actors in NYC earn health insurance, simple math is all you need."
"You're welcome :)"
"Agreed. Haven't seen the escalades ... must STILL be a gas guzzler"
"If you don't like country you are obviously black, or you have never actually lived the country life for a day"
"If you live in the Milwaukee area & need new replacement windows put on your home, we are the one & only choice for your home."
"Good morning LA."
"Thanks for spreading the word!"
"yes just hope it dont go out"
"Cont. Josh Hamilton DH/OF, & Roy Halladay P"
"that damn door don't screech nomore !"
"Send quote to a friend. George Bernard Shaw"
"Remember to take the time to listen."
"sure!!! just tell me where...:0P"
"Library basement: compensating for my test on wednesday and the weather."
"Thank you Laurie for following us. We're launching this year & look forward to working with designers like you. All the Best ASTB"
"dealing w/ bureaucracy. Oh the joy of working for the govt."
"Maybe they're complimenting you?"
"Josh Hamilton."
"Tonight I'm goin' HARD! ;) happy birthday to my bestie's boy friends brother! <3"
"No computer wifi and no instrument to play means I'm pissed. Should've known this would happen. Also, this bed sucks."
"That must smell crazy good!"
"I can't wait for your new music! :)"
"Luv that area! Hit up 4 Queens and the brewery!!"
"what did they say? I won't judge u !! Ever.."
"How many of y'all actually worked for Vector tho?"
"yeah. I love him a lot<3"
"When my mom offered me a talk it was never good “: China, France, Germany, Russia, UK and US offer talks to Iran."
"run in rain or finish cleaning spree???"
"The mothball smell is back in my room and each minute I'm in there I lose a little bit of sanity. Help."
"Time for some soccer"
"Got a check hoe. Give me that shit u workin off my pay roll"
"I never feel so dehydrated as when I wake up listening to rain."
"Sounds liken Lawerence was my Great Grandpa Franks's brother. Does that sound right to you?"
"Dear bands, if you don't have a Bandcamp or Soundcloud page, please get one. I don't care about social networking stats."
"or rather :--> not to many fours ---- out there"
"Two roads diverged in a wood, and I- I took the one less travelled by, and that has made all the difference. - Robert Frost"
"You should!!!"
"Oh what a Sunday!"
"I wanna meet my crush in person!!!"
"Handle that ish."
"So your \"busy schedule\" this summer was to skip meals bitch? Join the XFactor or release some music. 😡😡😡😡"
"Unfortunately, it is not. The city would not give us a permit as they'd prefer people pay the meters. It's only Mon- Sat 5pm"
"in 57West. Everybody lookin at him like he's holding the key to their salvation. Hahaha."
"no, come with me to Miami!"
"Check out Kraft's Superior Tile Notched Trowel in use on page 3 of the new"
"After the pool one day? Oh, of course."
"go to sleep man you got a big day ahead of you"
"Ok coffee...things are looking up! On to Little Rock. Hope the and roadtrip is going good."
"ooh, perhaps a rebranding of Death Spiral is in order!"
"right-I'd heard about that-but this is the first time I've seen it first hand. I wonder if iPad 3/IPhone 5 add \"LTE\" indicator."
"Can you come to the event tonight? #GGHH tonight! 's! see you soon!"
"thats my old man! He's a champ."
"email me citations. If I we have access I can email you articles. Librarian powers. :)"
"Great blog post. I really enjoyed it. I'd love to hear more about what political savviness in Bmore means.Knowing the right ppl?"
"Happy Bill of Rights Day! check out for updates throughout winter break. Happy Holidays!"
"SAME HERE OMAAALAWD"
"is just"
"Back to the grind. So much work to do!"
"#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight I would say immunity to Mace but years of interbreeding criminals & evolution since 1982 already gave them that"
"Everyone has at least once dropped their phone on their face."
"It's nothin to do!"
"RT : I do however read the Kathy Reichs books Bones was based on./ You are always so far ahead of me."
"That trip sounds like fun!"
"I couldn't go either. But from what I saw, besides the excellence of Cody Rhodes, it looked rather lame."
"Heart can stop pounding now that reservations at Chez Panisse have been secured"
"youve done a remarkable job at UP, Coach Rev -OSU Beaver fan in PDX who loves supporting the local kids"
"Your clothes never wear as well the next day and your hair never falls in quite the same way."
"Need a Red Hot Deal? Groupon's got it - 10 classes for $35! The only thing hotter than the deal is the room, baby!"
"what happened? :) did u skype with fans? i wish i coulda skyped with you :("
"very true! We have been fortunate, I'm thinking a cold winter in TX since it have been a hot summer/fall"
"thanks man, thats means a lot! I like the way you movin it ;)"
"Yogi Berra hands down. The stories he could tell would be amazing!!! We could get a few Yogisms in there too"
"\"get out of here, birds. get out of here, you sky rats. go back to hell where you belong.\" -nick, new girl. much?"
"I shouldnt be an option, I should be a priority. I'm so tired of this."
"Obama: the House won't be the same without Barney Frank"
"We did for #CWTdrinkup and it was awesome! /cc"
"Sigh lost by 16 points in darts, game 1 of Game of Games"
"Thank you clay!"
"We're feeling the love this week!"
"#SPJ10 prez installation banquet very inspiring. Congrats & thanks to award winners for all your amazing work. Welcome new prez !"
"Parade Prep is underway. Come celebrate Milwaukee's Irish heritage on Saturday, March 10 at noon in Downtown Milwaukee!"
"Happy new year! May your 2012 be filled with peace, love, friends, and art"
"These responses are gutting me. RT Racist Hunger Games Fans Are Very Disappointed (by )"
"Viernes de fiesta!"
"thanks for the support bro, keep it up :)"
"that was a funny day. Best part of the suburbs is the nice and ample parking so I just drive everywhere ;)."
"Haha. I have to find it. It's like he's stuck in the 80s and 90s. Smh."
"#wheniwas14 I was dreaming about BoB <3"
"DTA $25 all ladies denim $50 get yours while supplies last!! -staycool-"
"1 month today and I will marry my best bud & fav PLN member #ecstatic I heart that we have the same passion for Education!"
"Got 2 double packs of #5hourenergy for 8 bucks at #Walgreens. That's 4 bottles! #sleepy but not for long. But they're kinda yucky."
"I have been typing a variation on the same sentence for 40 minutes. Where did my reporter instincts go?"
"#OOMF knows I want her"
"So excited to go to Lambeau tomorrow and see the W in person! Go pack go!"
"Most women never experienced an orgasm"
"we miss you too!!"
"Mastodon is covering The Flaming Lips and Feist for Record Store Day."
"and where do u want 2 b?"
"Naw Let Him Shoot. He Didn't Shoot Enuff In Game 1"
"that's awesome, where did u find that?"
"I'm still not used to this Fall Back Regime. Everything should start an hour earlier. No daylight has been saved."
"#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty gotta make sure I add extra water on the KoolAid and tea :/"
"I know eating this McDonalds that run pointless but I grind hard in workouts everyday"
"man i just came from a festival bored af tho .."
"a I'm a need u to not correct me lil ant capital ANN"
"It's the opposite here. Bloody freezing!"
"We'll find a way"
"\": let's get up and watch the game tomorrow somewhere!!!!\"RT: I got my lil man Bruh. We do need to link up tho!"
"With an emphasis on math and language in the class, social studies and history can be left behind"
"Mad Men?"
"know of anyplace I can get some? Sounds intriguing"
"I don't look at my TL, so if you subtweet me, tough noogies my nxgga. *shrugs*"
"pshhh, you know me, future dr phil guest: good girl gone bad"
"i dated a guy once who asked me what i wanted for my bday, i told him i loved toiletries. I wasn't expecting a plunger & a book of matches."
"#rivalry Watching yankees vs. Redsox, good baseball game! 9-8, Boston up in the 8th inning."
"great idea: film reviews via tweet. Any other ideas teaching friends? Follow and share!"
"Spurs/Clippers Game 1 tickets secured. See you tomorrow San Antonio."
"So excited for the golf marathon today!"
"lets be hella nasty tonight so i know its real!"
"Definitely experiment w/ User Streams; can accomplish that pretty easily with it; user streams accepts track & follow params."
"On the way to school. fun fun fun."
"Atlanta, why you miss me ? lol"
"I often panic and think I've been hacked when I find no auth log, but then I realized I'm on Red Hat and it's called secure log."
"Ron Gizzle! Everything good w/ me bro. Decided to hang up the cleats and took an executive team leader position w/ Target. You?"
"\": As of February 2011, there are 6 people in the U.S with the name \"Derp.\"\" Derps of the US, I salute you."
"The first 11 hours are easy. It's the last 60 minutes that are a killer."
"Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go."
"Feel a lot better after my urgent care trip, clear to go back to work tomorrow"
"Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress."
"oh ....wait really?"
"I don't even know why I bother telling myself I'm going to stay sober and go out...normally after I say that I blackout."
"My colleague Miguel Helft and I are at Apple, liveblogging the company's \"Back to the Mac\" press conference on nytimes.com/bits."
"*ABRACADABRA* nope, you're still a bitch."
"I will not!!"
"Sunday at 2"
"ewww, skid marks can stay home...puhleeze!!"
"Pleasantly surprised with RPP"
"No... I didn't know your shoe size ^^"
"I have a lot of things I want to say about Match right now, but mostly I just need a hug."
"I Love My Friends !(: ♥"
"def sitting at my desk eating peanut butter out of the jar with a plastic knife. Classy."
"I think it was Wayne Shorter that said when times are tough is the best time to push the envelope. You got big ideas, girl!"
"Glad I got to see tonight! ☺"
"I heart bloggers! So, passionate, funny and I couldn't do my job w/out them. But also concerned about \"ARC-as- trophy\""
"RT : Working on more #REVIVE New Eras, what you wanna see?....I want to see some Lions Fitteds and other football teams"
"Wishing I was back in RO already.."
"my husband bought this \"gets rid of all odors\" laundry detergent. now my baby smells like a washeteria."
"#StupidStereotypes Mexicans are lazy"
"Thats what I wanna do but i really can never get him alone unless the game tomorrwo? But idk ill I can get him towards me"
"#TexasTech player (safety ) hit by a bus out here today --- thankfully he's expected to be okay."
"Head back to hurting now"
"they are off to an up and down start the bats are quiet but they will turn it around"
"You too! Always a learning experience when working with you."
"Im da shit manuer pampers hang wit trappers all dau..nigga like me want letcha suffer,killas want turn u n to SUE FLAY!!!"
"happy birthday! the big 25!"
"That was the first I heard too. Then I heard my body & I was hooked. I hadn't gotten to listening to the whole album though."
"nevermind, no mistake. I still stand by my comment about sending out for more research though"
"I warned you about him. How he'd treat you worse than I did.You refused to believe me. Have fun."
"also I get very tired of those hanging metal cylinders that they swish to indicate 'now we are being ethereal' in pop music."
"Posting under the table from your date?"
"You might have to cut off your finger to save your hand"
"Mrs Nerd just screamed out that exact thing."
"The way we choose to see the world creates the world we see."
"Washington has directed Henry Knox to inspect the artillery supplies of the army around Boston."
"The plainer the dress, the greater luster does beauty appear"
"Been a long while since I felt single. I nearly forgot how much fun flirting was."
"A sweet good morning and goodnight text every once in awhile would be nice."
"Lol. Yonkers creep me out alil bit ! The things he does in that video O.O - Zaona"
"“Butterflies are self propelled flowers.” R. H. Heinlein"
"I drop everything I'm doin at 10 to watch the jersey shore"
"after she says what the cheese tasted like, you can hear some guy in the audience shout \"no\""
"+ he met, he remembers you! and you had a chance to meet him, there are a lot of mahomie from another countries, like me +"
"Why cant u love me as much as i love you??"
"Bust it"
"or mabel vernon for that matter. why didn't i see you over break girlfriend?"
"Do u follow ?? If not, please do it NOW!! Support GOod MuSiC :)"
"1 day, when SebJac are older - maybe they'll use #AmendmentOne #Prop8 etc as OLD examples of #HATE & discrimination towards #LGBT families"
"Happy Friday to all!!!"
"So Freaking Sleepy -_-"
"Fuck cramps! Omg ):"
"Thanks, Stefan! We always want users to have a great experience, so we're happy to hear that you find the documentation helpful."
"Bought decorations for my open house!"
"totes! hates when she tries to succumb to ridic new pop culture bs"
"Thanks for coming to our December Tail Date! It was so fun! Great photos!"
"Yeah what's that guy's story?"
"Hey Twitter. I need you all to do me a Favor can Yall please Follow They Need your Support.. Thank you all. Have a good Night."
"alright then dm me your number and ill tell you the photography info"
"My heartfelt condolences go out to the Visionary Founder of Apple Inc.; Steve Jobs: his wife, children, colleagues & dear friends on his ..."
"good luck tonight! sorry I can't be there!"
"should return back to World Rally Championship"
"Who said that? RT : Nicki And Nas? WHAT!? WHY!?"
"don't get me wrong - show is at times still good; just seems a shadow of its former self"
"Tom and I (Big sexy) might start up FTK again in the summer! Get stoked!"
"Chicago was crowded for me and the traffic felt like I was driving in Khi :/"
"DC Fire EMS responded to a dumpster fire behind White Gravenor this afternoon. The fire is now extinguished."
"Awe Jordan stopped. :P"
"Thanks for following me back!"
"When ppl say \"I Love You\" because it just feels good to say are the type tht pisses me off!"
"Library Assistant (Technical Services) Opportunity in Los Angeles area! Email me at !"
"This heat is killing me..."
"I took my almost 2 year-old to a cookbook party tonight and managed to drink wine & talk to people & eat. Thank you !"
"Our am keynote for #atsummit is Anita Hairston from Active Trans is the thread that moves us all."
"ina weird mood today. i dont like this. anyone wanna hang out tonight?"
"Happy birthday Nick Nolte! You deserve an oscar. not just their lunch."
"There are three sides to every story"
"I know wat u really ate haha."
"Haha it could be. It's part of the underground tunnel system, populated by homeless people and pedestrian commuters."
"And this is why I'm glad I use Arch and not Gentoo..."
"omg me too! I would be the happiest person alivee!"
"Dear , u need to come to Atlanta, GA !!! We all love u here!! Love always - Sara. ps you would make my life if you follow me"
"Jack Hanna's at SeaWorld today! But first, I'm taking him to KENS-TV to share some cool animals. Tune in at 8:15 if you're in San Antonio."
"I wish you all a Happy and a Prosperous 2012!"
"This may already be the play of the game for Atlanta"
"thank-you moss Megan, have a good one :-]"
"We are all traveling in this mirage of the world, day after day...not knowing that it is a mirage. -Swami Vivekenanda"
"Happy hunting!"
"So much work, so little time. Time flies when you're not having fun."
"\"Battleship\" opens Friday against \"What To Expect When You're Expecting.\" Which one will win the top spot? Will Avengers stay #1?"
"I hate chocolate"
"Walmart ’s Cuts To Health Care For Part-Time Workers Mirror Larger Trend How can you call one company out over other companies for a so"
"Zombie Apocalypse Lesson No. 1: Kids are a burden and will move out from under the car during a swarm. Let them..."
"No, more"
"lol lmfao that's harsh bro"
"sorry I missed it... I was invited but couldn't make it due to appointment and drive."
"thanks sugar, miss ya fave"
"I know you're used to getting up bright & early... so do you want to join us this Saturday at 5 am for Muscle for the Cure? :)"
"The mayans were right."
"Does anyone still use AIM?"
"pic of my florescent pink squirrel socks of power are on FB :) just say'n"
"Yikes! What did you leave behind?"
"Received standing ovation 4 speech 2 women biz owners in New Jersey last night. \"Create a brand that represents what you want 2 be known 4\"."
"nice! How was it?"
"That one person you can count on for anything >>>>>"
"we are only given today and never promised tomorrow. so tell someone you love them before it's too late."
"I'm considering AF too , & no it wasn't really hard . All they grade is the math & english parts . You need a 50 or more"
"The Chinese economy has shown signs of slowing down. Experts say that’s what happens when your workforce starts to enter its teens.,"
"Eww NEVER in my LIFE would I eat a coffee flavored PEZ!"
"“: In order to see His glory you must get to the place where you say not my will but yours oh Lord! - Nathan Morris”"
"got out of school early today(:"
"Thank you!"
"They can't login without logging in, yes. To report, just email and point us to the spam."
"Only thing I look forward to during the Super Bowl is the marathon of Matlock reruns every other network is playing."
"THAT A GOOD THING!"
"btw your really cute."
"Tonight the President will call on #Congress to make permanent my American Opportunity Tax Credit for $10K and 4 yrs of college"
"It was a total team effort :) Thanks for making it happen!"
"I am so relieved that Act isn't even that hard!!!!!"
"I heard he was supposed to be on episode 7 or something like that, but he will be on a #ninelivesofchloeking episode"
"#WhatMakesAGirlHappy is when you treat her like you haven't treated anyone else :)"
"Catch the DOOSH this Saturday, July 30th at 11 pm"
"the spotify station >"
"Well that's just GREAT"
"6 days until ! Tapering is giving me anxiety."
"As great as it is to get away for a vacation ... So good being home as I pull into San Diego!!"
"i get soo weak in the knee"
"First day back to work! getting used to the feel of my mouse and keyboard again..."
"Hi Joann! Wow, thanks for watching! Yes, I will ALWAYS speak out about my life now. God has set me free! How are u feeling?"
"Thank you and for the RT!"
"#YouveDoneItToo claim your dog are your homework"
"#TwoThingsThatDontMix Socks and Sandals"
"So tell me what is your favorite book to read?"
"OPENING DAY! #Mets vs #Braves at Citi Field. 1:10 PM 1st Pitch Temp: 53. Sunny sky. Have the sunglasses and spring jackets. Let's Go Mets!"
"I don't wanna go to PNC Park anymore"
"hahah okay I better. We should all make a road trip down to florida this summer"
"Have you had a Shake Shack burger? it was better than in n out."
"aha, tilemill. good excuse to use it for the 1st time!"
"is here all morning & this afternoon celebrating launch of tours"
"YOU GUYS WERE SO AMAZING! YOU JUST KEEP KILLING IT"
"oh lol gotcha"
"That awkward moment when your girlfriends dad walks in the girls bathroom."
"Great! Thanks for your help!"
"Hey, Twitter Support! Can Tweets be sent to two mobile devices? It would be handy if all of my team could get the same info! Thx!"
"Really, really good. This finale easily surpassed S1's with Katherine's finger-cutting return."
"I got no problem with it: I'm a whore. You compliment me, I RT. Bang. Done."
"I dont deal with your kind . Sorry Hun but your washed up."
"liberating to turn to new projects"
"I she's adorable, haha."
"xo RT : Just finished lovely convo and bites with and her family. Couldn't ask for a better afternoon. :)"
"Good mornin pplz...its tuesday, u kno wat that means?! Neither do I, get inspired to do somethin wild n spontaneous today....legally tho lol"
"Hey, thanks! Sounds like you have a fantastic day planned!!"
"Um, yes. Mac and Cheese pairs perfect with the evening's activities."
"Hm... #Irene is making me miss some Saturday sessions at #saa11 Can I wake up early enough to go to 8AMs to compensate?"
"Thanks everyone who came out Thursday night, it was a great time. I think we kicked Bullshit's ass..."
"Happy Thursday! :D"
"How many times are we gonna have this argument? step off & grow up bitch"
"Raaaaaawwwwwrrrrrr #3days ... I will turn into a dinosaur if I have to wait any longer"
"7M on treadmill? U start doing serious mileage like that, & I recommend going outdoors. More enjoyable! Bummer about ur knee :("
"Thinking happy thoughts: When the Beavers left Albuquerque for PDX, Albuquerque got a new team in 2 years."
"If you live downtown/eastside you should try the Hank Aaron trail sometime. You can catch it near the HD museum."
"#WorstFeeling keeps trending. Why do people want to tweet about their WORST feeling & not their BEST feeling?"
"Wonder how he really feel?!?!"
"ok I guess"
"Thanks so much!"
"Halo Twitter... Lol"
"I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago."
"False pretense."
"Breath in the future, Breath out the past"
"Yes, definitely! As a teacher, I'm sad when I hear colleagues complain about \"difficult\" gifted kids"
"lol outchea and you don't be carin! Haha. How's the flats?!"
"I don't like this tweet. The end."
"MWP may not score a lot but his defense, size, and presence will change the game."
"Thanks for all the great work that you and your team do!"
"how hard?"
"oh heck no, HSS couldn't be summed up in one conversation"
"RFT I'm really starting to get tired of these horrible downers!"
"new orleans police headquarters evacuated due to hand granades being in the evidence room brought in car that was involved in murder today"
"Bout to do a workout. Lets goo!"
"Getting better not as boring as when I first got here but making progress"
"Go CATs"
"Yes! Your \"mann\" is rocking it. bah hahaha RT : are you watching #TheVoice right now?"
"The NeverEnding Story"
"#IThoughtYouWereCuteUntil you were as dumb as brick."
"Happy Chinese New Year&Lunar New Year2those that celebrate it!Remember what u do/act today is an indication4da fate of ur year,if u believe"
"Being let down by Buffalo sports teams is par for the course baby."
"Going to 76th and rawson late tonight!"
"cant wait to get started on this colla."
"what's on the agenda today black guy"
"I can't stop eating these ice cream sandwiches!"
"ok, so like, i'm figuring out this #followback thing. not everyone who claims to be on #teamfollowback actually follows people. check it."
"Every morning that I have to wake up for school, a little part of me dies inside.."
"f u"
"#ToMyUnbornChild me and will be the proudest parents (((;"
"Jordan should go to a school football game at least once in her high school years"
"M... Vegtable dumplings! Haven't had them in so long, I forgot how good they are."
"Spending Mothers Day at Kendall with my childhood best friend."
"Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright, until they speak."
"people think \"now\" is slang."
"Put hairspray on it before you wash it :))"
"#ObamaInHistory In the early years, Jesus frequently sought out Obama for advice."
"OH MY GOSH YES YES YES!"
"how I said you were cute."
"God Bless New York, God Bless America"
"He lies. She cries. He's not sorry, but he apologizes. She complains, he doesn't change. But yet, she still stays.\""
"Is it sad that Erryn and I get all our current event news from Weekend Update with Seth Meyers? Bahahaha"
"RT : Life isn't about finding YOURSELF..life is about creating yourself. ~ Unknown"
"Amazing save by Martin Brodeur. 40 years old and still getting it done."
"People..stop it with Demi Lavoto's interview on MTV..She's \"staying strong\"?..There are thousands of children being raped &killed."
"What do U say when U don't know what to say? Like I just don't know the fucking words..."
"#catchingfire is blowing my mind!!! Started earlier this evening and now on page 188....gotta keep reading!!!"
"It's Monday all ready time is flying"
"I cooked da hell outta those egg rollz. Fuckin round wit me you'll be done joined Da Fat Kid Mafia!"
"the drug that goes by \"Meow Meow\" cracks me up. Who's tried it?"
"FUCK YEAH!! The super hot high schooler that added me on facebook said I was super cute hehehhh c:"
"Nice conversation over coffee with Wil Merritt, CEO of"
"Will Middlebrooks, your mother should be so, so, so, so, so, so proud."
"does that mean you would like me to tweet something? If so, hello! I hope you like your new phone :D"
"That would be awesome \": BRO!!! RT I would like to see Kobe drop dead tonight\""
"breakfast with norm macdonald"
"arnt you that ethel person that knows my brother?"
"so, not seeing my dad today. My sister is stuck in houston so she cant drive us. oh well, next weekend is the week :)"
"When a book ends bad and you don't have the next one."
"If you have the will to push your dream that's all you need"
"also like the samples on track two, sound like some old soul cuts"
"Editing in the airport lol. Hey inspiration comes at the weirdest times."
"theres a 1 in a million chance that will notice me"
"A Christian Association followed me this morning, HA!"
"it's been a good night!"
"Maybe I'll become a porn star"
"I'm in school right now-_- it's so boring"
"We are so excited to be a vendor show on March 27th! Come see us there!"
"I would LOVE to take part in this. Such an amazing idea. I will be working on mine definitely. (:"
"#Nerd me here i come ;)"
"We will be working with anybody that works in the music industry. If you're a designer, booking agent, recording studio, etc. Message us!"
"are you serious? is that even legal?"
"going to be a great game tonight. Heat win by 12. LeBron score 36. :)"
"Now, let's say you and I go toe-to-toe on bird law and see who comes out the victor?"
"hey I am goin to the Vegas show and i didn't get VIP so I was wondering if you know about any special signings or events?"
"christmas time is here ;)"
"Math~~ just working on A level and a little on the HW :SS and thats it I guess! :]"
"Ruth is on the carpet with Patrick Dempsey, so not expecting Kristen till she's unoccupied...."
"I speak two languages: Body and English. -- Mae West"
"twitter guess what im walking a pit"
"Fear. So Far Gone."
"Just got home and tuned in. Is it still playing?"
"Walker still up: P latest poll for liberal Daily Kos finds Walker leads Barrett 50% to 45%, identical to results from poll last month."
"and im home....alone"
"I'm Hungry And I Want Some Pizza"
"Just saw some lady wearing a plastic bag on her head. #lolwut?"
"Thanks for the retweet. Sad that the Gophers aren't in the dance. I hope to see you when I'm back in Columbia April 25-26"
"Am I the only one who is noticing that Roger Goodell is fricking orange?"
"The sun is actually shinning here in Pennsylvania!"
"Posted it to LinkedIn group Grammar Geeks too. That should be interesting."
"I want to watch #Gabbarsingh again.This time, I will buy whistles and trumpets. Audience should match hero's wavelength you see :)"
"Spread the word to your friends and follow me, an upcoming R&B Producer"
"are you working on a new movie ?"
"Allergies still acting up. Wasn't this rain supposed to help pollen count?"
"Halloween Caper in Campbellsport tonight at CES - live in the area you should check it out with ur kiddos"
"kay i can finally go to sleep, goodnight :p pssshh w.e you need me!! lol"
"anyone know flight/hotel info for the boys when they come to NYC"
"Kudos to every public servant who has the audacity to propose new ways of solving old problems."
"Everyone please hop off the T _ b _ w band wagon. Can't stand his antics."
"He wasn't worthy of a goose neck. I wanted to wring his little goose neck."
"Ahh! Coffee date perhaps while you're here?!"
"Awesome dinner at Iron Horse in Sellwood. Kids eat free on Tuesdays! What?"
"Sounds good to me! Thanks for joining us!"
"Yes, I'm going a little crazy over and her love for Wisconsin, but we both believe in life after Walker."
"First off, this has nothing to do with Dems or Repubs or anything inbetween. This is about respect for women."
"More rain and cold, but lots of wine to make the day better! Stop by!"
":( my bf is crying again!"
"Want to experience Hawaii but can't afford a plane ticket? Head to Green Valley Lib's Hawaii Connection event taking place all day tomorrow!"
"obviously dan doesn't like me, only you."
"-I find that the most talented #athletes seek out #coaches they can work \"with\" as opposed to \"for\" or in \"fear of\""
"it is a magazine that I work for"
"and if you do, at least have it cleaned. Despite what you heard, old dead grandma skin flakes are not cute or sexy."
"ah for sure. I think I could help you out!"
"Sold two photos! Woot!"
"I did folow for u"
"Omg!!! Why isn't Netflix working for me?"
"stayed in a really bizarre hotel room in London last night - bath and toilet was in the same room as my bed!!"
"Rivera has torn ACL. I never thought something like this would happen to him. I thought he was inhuman. Get well."
"#greatday to be at the ball park! ⚾☀"
"I like to favorite tweets rather than retweet them."
"DLGE is all about protecting our building envelopes from hazards, both natural and man made."
"haha now your talkin with dwight!! and tj averages like 4 mins a game.. any more takes away from neal/green/leonard."
"I think the crime rate would go up for ass whoopings"
"TDIH 1937 - News reports reveal that Quaker Oats pays Babe Ruth $25k per year, or the 2012 consumer price equivalent of $395k/year"
"Just be sure you run the transcript through \"TurnItIn.\""
"RT Chillin With One Of My Great Vampire Bredren And His Awesome Iguana. LA Kings Gods Spoken Through Our Presence"
"Well I guess Bobby Petrino will not be doing commercials for Harley Davidson. But, he could endorse Ashley Madison."
"how the hell do you have 143 followers? Who really wants to read the nonsense you have to say?"
"Yeah, it doesn't really \"get better.\""
"its surprising to know just how many tears are in the human body."
"you're welcome!"
"I'm sort of in love with , though I am quickly realizing that I don't have time to read all this stuff."
"I feel like Sam Jackson in SWAT with this new group I hired."
"We were born in this specific time purposely! We r the chosen people called 2 bring God's LOVE 2 the Hurt, Lost, Dying, Rejected-The WORLD!"
"We are beyond flattered that enjoyed our popcorn and dill pickle seasoning on her show! She added truffle oil.. brilliant!"
"totally inspiring."
"My fake breaking news tweet might have been slightly humorous if autocorrect knew what I was talking about."
"yeah I can't...but if i could, I wouldn't!!!!"
"Welcome, Ms. Mayor. : )"
"Not to go all Pinteresty on you, but that peroxide/Dawn stain remover found there? MAGIC."
"So excited that is in town! Nice to see friends."
"Many thanks to all of my followers, and especially those who have been so helpful to me."
"My local library has gone exclusively to self check out. Had to hunt down an employee so that I wouldnt have to pay $0.50 fine with credit."
"first link didn't work.... great stuff. Great colors. Rarely remove just paint over."
"I don't think I've ever seen such an exuberant celebration of big gov't and government dependency than the Life of"
"Just uploaded two podcasts to Itunes. Check out Artisan Ancestors for episodes about a Saddle Tree Factory and another about TN Samplers"
"Myth 1 about informal learning = it’s too unstructured. But with clear instructions, learners can work towards goals set out ahead of time!"
"Trying to figure out if they think cops throw teddy bears at violent suspects while they're in pursuit."
"Shopping around for a recording studio? Feel free to swing by to see the place and meet the team!"
"Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me."
"The Office makes even geometry bearable:)"
"#YouKnowYoBitchBig when yo kids get stuck in the pool everytime she get in"
"Always great talking with , can't wait to be in Ghana next month working with and filming the rest of"
"That's just how much I love you xD"
"#Mavs will heed Dirk's words: \"Shut it down, let's go home...\""
"RT : you see that girl that's havin a bad day? compliment her and make her smile, i'm tellin ya fellas"
"Send me a link to your mixes / podcasts. If they're dope I will repost them !"
"Complaining without action is whining."
"Poised Creation is building its network of radio station and music distribution companies!"
"\": I want an enchilada :) making that tomorrows mission\"quesadillllllllas way better."
"When you run a business its so much to do blog ,change diapers order products feed a child banking and and"
"WHY DOES THIS HOUSE SMELL SO BAD? Can't we just eat normal food tonight? Like, uh, I dunno, lasagna? :|"
"You can marry her today she still mine"
"Belichick being interviewed now on NFL Channel sounding measured and smart. Haven't heard give so much info in interview. very cool."
"Exactly. 2 loses would even be a disappointment in my eyes."
"*sigh* will forever be the cutest thing ever I love her so much <3"
"Question girls: would u date a guy who lives with his parents or a guy with crooked teeth??"
"I followed too many int'l policy wonks and now I can't understand a damn thing anyone's saying on my twitter feed."
"Just got back from Italy! and I can't wait to go back! :)"
"Never nude"
"who are some of you're favorite bloggers?? =)"
"Likewise! Hoping to see more interesting hobbies and less imparting of wise words."
": \"Our training staff is the best I've ever had\" - chatting on"
"Weird glitch in Google Maps right now -- several major DC streets now incorrectly labeled \"W City Ave\""
"3g and 4g for are having issues in Sacramento, CA."
"Hey David! (:"
"I Like The Oreo with out the Cream"
"Great writing on HH - keep it up! Why'd you abandon Twitter??"
"Lol broke my wrist"
"The Afternoon FiX is taking over your radio waves! Tune in and get more infor at the website, keyword \"Afternoon\" -MC Nutt"
"u know I take that as a compliment right? Lol so thanks(:"
"Mitt is on fire tonight! Well Polished! Well spoken!"
"oh :). I hate when people use those and i cant see it -__- . I want an ipadd"
"I'm thinking about once I get it done, I can put it as an audio book on youtube to get it out there. :)"
"Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit"
"A couple real niggas in the building, Amen !"
": 55k is good going - congrats. Feels good to get this far :-)"
"Voices in her head r givin her the silent treatment bcuz she yelled at thm to stop inturupting"
"Do right by her...."
"RT : Sen. Dorgan | North Dakota will soon become America's 2nd most productive energy state |"
"does she want your job?"
"fabulous presentation!! Full of funny and really useful tips!"
"RT : \"We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves.\"--Galileo"
"are there any tour dates or exhibits planned for Los Angeles in the near future? I'd love to stand face to face with secrets."
"and for uk haters like you and that is somehow the story of the game. Live a little."
"Loaded the truck yesterday with 2,200 children's #books for #LosAngeles clinics participating in - it felt good to share"
"Just found out I'm leaving for home tonight yayyyy I'm so excited :D"
"\": Ready to get cray cray next weekend! 🍻💃\" #prom #2k12 I'm so ready!"
"nothing inparticular... just life lessons hahah"
"She’s in trouble. Find. Her. *Hanging up.*"
"my point was that in Tebows case he gets extra +/- pub because of how polarizing he is & that's because his outspoken beliefs"
"you're an OLD, UGLY, FAT, BITTER BITCH...good luck!!....not."
"\": It's official, Butler will move to Atlantic 10 tomorrow, so does Horizon League have #Oakland on the phone? #SummitLeague\""
"I'm ridiculously wrecked from an intense tennis match this morning."
"is getting ready to take mirabel for her vet check (she'll LOVE that)."
"We posted the coupon last night. So please go to profile to find it :D Or visit our website. Have a nice day everyone;D"
"Are you back in town? How was the weather for the remainder of your trip? I saw foggy on Wednesday near the coast."
"so, why don't they use 'em to pay down the debt?"
"Extra healthy too. I loved you at the Matt Cusson show!"
"this is late but night! lol"
"lmao hell yea"
"My phone is being bombed with tweet texts from lol cool. :D"
"I think you've hit on something there.Must be Weiner's idea of where country and ad biz was going and in fact did go."
"I'm gonna need the city of Los Angeles to collectively get it together."
"Drinking beer and watching comedy awards #winning now if my dog would just entertain himself..."
"...but other friends, their kids, and the family dynamic make me want to not socialize with them for the next 20 years."
"Rightt now its a little Nirvana...."
"Asked to give expected revenue numbers. Walmart rep gives the run around, says customers \"vote with their feet.\""
"I <3 you too, Boo Boo!"
"Kinda liked the opening."
"Sure! Where/when do you want to meet up? I'm staying in Ring A wing (by Cadboro Commons)."
"oh God, he enters Darfur! But, as a result, we get the great Palin waffle and ball drop!"
"I won't give up if you won't."
"get her off me get her off me Lucy!!!!!!! Bitch U weak as hell..."
"Just received Eowyn Ivey's THE SNOW CHILD - can't wait to read. Thanks"
"Wow, hey Jenny, long time no see!"
"Harry and Zayn can get this anytime they want"
"Just give students a challenge and let them figure out how to use SM/search to solve it."
"RT : It is famously difficult 2 get VC backing for new consumer devices; 's success with shows a..."
"WHY do people like to fuck with quiet people so much? Not all quiet people are shy, we just don't like to YAP constantly!!"
"¿¿¿ipod ipod where for art thou my ipod???"
"Learn history. 1962 ward 8 was 80% white.By the mid 70's it was 80% black. Do u know why it changed?"
"Agree FL has been good to EKU good to hear, Kidd brought me up from FL and I'm sure there are kids that would do well.."
"it's going to be a cold one in Antarctica. Now, I am going to throw it to Bob for sports. :)"
"just scared myself walking down my hallway..my knees pop too much.."
"I WONDER IF WOULD EVER RT THIS AND MAKE?MY NIGHT!!! :D"
"hey what's up!(:"
"First morning jog in a long time. Feels great, but staying consistent will be the challenge. Any other Logan / Dupont / Shaw AM joggers?"
"You don't concentrate on risks. You concentrate on results. No risk is too great to prevent the necessary job from getting done."
"it's gonna be a long night."
"Why We Can't Farm Out the Teaching of Writing - Chronicle of Higher Education (subscription)"
"Yay! Welcome Blue Moon Lighting to Twitter! - I expect some great behind the scene shots soon! :)"
"I shared your stuff with about 20 business leaders that now think of you as the next BIG thing. What now?"
"VAMPIRE DIARIES PRETTY GOOD SHOW ,"
"If people can abuse greyhounds then panthers are soon to follow."
"Our Las Vegas students are the best. Check us out for Guitar & Piano lessons. www.hansonmusicstudios.com Big fall push is on!"
"Everyone go follow !!"
"FF Musical fellows"
"Would u list players twitter acct's and FB pg's in your program 2 encourage engagement?"
"Defense proceeding with witnesses who saw Love hit #Huguely with her purse in exchange days before her death."
"I think we are both right."
"Dick in yo face put my dick yoooo face!"
"NO you didn't !"
"At a health expo!"
"Yeah, it started off slow - the rib pain. Just keeps getting worse. Pretty sure she's pushing them apart with her feet. Ow. :("
"Pettis vs lauzon is gonna be good I think lauzon will try too get this fight too the groun bcuz on the feet pettis has a big advantage but"
"so sickly. :("
"\": This is not happening\""
"I'm super stoked to see on Friday! Maybe I can find the courage to talk to if I see him again"
"that's not fair"
"An Italian opera librettist from Venice"
"rub it in why don't you :) glad u had a weekend full of fresh powder!"
"This week in #thehumanevent: Dreger's history of conjoined twins, queer theory by way of Stein & Plummer, Duggan, Sloop + \"Boys Don't Cry\""
"Tweeting from my new iPad. My life just improved at least 65%."
"2 weeks until pitchers and catchers report to #SpringTraining... The countdown to #OpeningDay begins!"
"I'm starting a band with ! We'll play 80s folk songs with a dash of classics, a swirl of Ke$ha, and an occasional BMTH. \m/"
"lets talk about this later in first hour . did my lb get in a fight ?"
"when does that come out, BTW?"
"This does not sound even a little displeasing! :D"
"Now is the time for you to get your red leather gloves from LaCrasia as we are having a 50% off sale in June only.Thanx La"
"“: that is entirely a hoax.” Of course! But a fella can dream :)"
"Actually, I go back to it every 5 years or so. Very fond of \"Michael Kolhaas\", probably one of the greatest stories ever."
"New end of the world date set to October 21 after the May 21 date failed."
"you are my favorite"
"Bring your friends out & come see my magic @ The Raccoon Lodge in SW Portland tonight, 7-9pm. Call ahead for reservations."
"HAHAAHA no!! don't feel that way!!!! there's just so many things in LA to do! xD"
"Webb Students If you need a book during exams or over the summer, check-out the library's honor collection."
"happy to oblige. Let me know where to send the lyrics. I must say, she's looking quite nice today in her green ivy & sun."
"I didn't know you were so protective of & Alex lol"
"Should we start the campaign now? Variety full page ad - For Your Consideration to Host"
"WHOS GOING TO THE MALL?!"
"FINALLY, #JessicaSimpson had her baby. Girlfriend looked like she was gong to pop from week 8. We were all thinking it."
"Thank you for the comment about my #poetry. Have you read my revised Adrenaline Rush?"
"Went swimming today great workout and showered"
";) what are you doing right now?"
"I hereby curse NC's bigots: may your bones crack; your blood rot; your genitals itch; your tongue swell; your God abandon you."
"we walked the straight blue of day into / harmonic strains that / undercut a hollow sky"
"Would it count as plagiarism for me to tuck one of these stickers into every Bible in the local bookstore?"
"RT : Hello and ! Great to see you! We can't wait to share stories and updates!"
"Best breakfast in bed is the type that I don't have to make! Also, anything with bacon."
"Our new songs are shaping up to be as tweaky as the 7-11 on 23rd and Penn."
"Happy Valentine's Day!"
"We all have that one teacher who's like, \"Don't pack up yet. There's still 7 seconds of class left!\""
"lol I work too much, that's why"
"Today is Dickens's birthday. What greater honor is there than a Google doodle?"
"Did you try balsamic vinegar? That seemed to really work for me. They are a pain when they cling on the rim!"
"Coincidence? Alkaline-forming foods are many of the foods drs. & nutritionists have been telling us to eat more of for years."
"I wish I could just find 300 dollars for a one direction concert ticket"
"whoa really??? I used to like her a lot!"
"It's up to you to fact check your book, and everything you #publish. Errors can seriously erode your reputation."
"now you know :)"
"I got a condo on my wrist I'm cashin out !!!"
"I agree ! First weekend is the best 4 days in sports ... for me :)"
"RT : #FF great to follow you! ~ Thank you Tina"
"How much stuff is hidden on a Mobile Phone is directly proportional to how quickly the owner snatches it back from you"
"I want you back"
"agreed that was nasty"
"Christens sleeping over (:"
"Just finished a hook and verse for the homie Loc The Blacktopper"
"Doing anything is the same as doing nothing, if your #heart and #mind aren't in agreement with your"
"Moon walk with Alan bean"
"Need a logo or event flier? Hit up if you do!"
"Should be a great show. Are you going? We're really getting excited for the #helixedu launch. Packing now!"
"Hey , d'you have a copy of _Femininity and Domination: Studies in the Phenomenology of Oppression_, by Sandra Lee Bartky?"
"I'm putting in my vote I think The Bad Girls Club should be on once a week every week"
"I hate you."
"I see your boy Trent going to Cleveland..."
"You write the paper with the data you have, not the data you wish you had."
"What's with all the nukes? Haven't we established as a globe that they're bad for everyone?! Come on, world leaders, put your dicks away."
"que onda con este twitter L:"
"whats the time difference between NY and Australia? I think it's 14 hours but I'm not sure"
"BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HOLY SHIT I'M FRAMING THAT TWEET"
"You're most welcome!"
"ugh...i hate school :/"
"I am trying to turn my writing passion into a career as we speak. Any advice? Thank you in advance..."
"Got it. Done. Thank you! See you soon, melady."
"New Tapa at Charro: Chorizo Stuffed Dates: wrapped in house bacon, tangy tomatoes"
"What's a good website to read Bieber stories on? That's like fun140?"
"God or Mother Nature (take your pick) apparently doesn't want the TMC Prudential Building to come down."
"Happy Mothers Day to my amazing mom!"
"Keep those jammers on and let the lanelines always divide you"
"Goodmorning #littlemonsters . I hope you all are having a great memorial day weekend. Paws up!"
"REALLY wish I went to Sedona on the"
"Game time!!! WHO PIG SOOIE!!!!"
"Tuesday: MCAS & english test. Wednesday: MCAS & work. Thursday: 2 Tests..... This week already fucking sucks."
"Someone keepin it real in eJustice: #dh is expensive. Class issues surrounding expensive machines, data plans."
"Eating shit up!"
"Be the crown, you ARE the crown."
"Happy may day......parade"
"I think one of my future pseudonyms will be \"Ghost Dad\""
"Ah, much more clear, and I agree. Though that use of \"media\" can be misleading"
"didnt you just regale me about telling the truth?"
"Students make up 27% of SAA members (if I heard that right)"
"Can you follow so I can send a DM?"
"awesome :) looking forward to seeing you there!"
"awesome! Personally wasn't involved but hear it is cleared up."
"Radwanska tops Sharapova for title at Sony Ericsson"
"Shame on you North Carolina ! You suck #disgusting #gay rights"
"oh no!"
"Congratulations! Sorry I missed you today."
"Forward progress...keep pushing!"
"WHOA. Looks like someone had a tantrum with finger paint."
"I missed Austin's ustream! :("
"So excited for our trip to ! Are YOU ready?"
"Roof closed again tonight. Second-longest #Brewers have gone without opening Miller Park roof to start season."
"Is it an iPhone? Open Safari and go to the page you want to make a button. In the gray bar at the bottom is an \"export\" icon..."
": I want to c my friend"
"Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Babycakes Cupcakes! All Caring Club members receive 10%..."
"and had to talk sht to a G today lol"
"are you there? Still on the train."
"I just realized that September 1st was my 4th anniversary of becoming a librarian."
"so am I! (and I suspect a few others) ;-)"
"Some of you eat a lot of pizza and that's OK. I eat a lot of curry."
"Hey Everyone! Looking for a SUPER deal on a 42\" Plasma TV? Check out Buddy's, they have them for 19.99/wk."
"and if I speak the good into existence, that instant my dreams will unlock, money flow like water, I'll just wait at the dock"
"What's Postagram? Curious."
"i dont know why i care so much..."
"thanks so much for the #addy support!"
"After the giggling stops, we shall never speak of The Great Sugar Wax Debacle of 2012 again."
"Thank you. Credit goes to and re: ALEC post. :-)"
"Way to much wlking for a sunday ...time to go home? I think so"
"The dance turned out to be better than expected! Had the greatest time w| everyone...I'm going to miss all of you guys. <3"
"Let the Holy Spirit fill you 'til there's no room for Satan's lies."
"Pre-diet weight 255lbs.....6 wks out to drop 30lbs......I luv cutting....true fitness ppl only smile at hurtles...all weight ain't gud"
"So my friend Amanda just cut my hair and it actually looks hella good! I was nervous that she was gonna fuck it up"
"I hope you have a great summer!"
"Varmus #Berlin9: Shorter form of publications also needed, Currents, & a \"market place\" from the methods section (buy this reagent)"
"I'm done exploring the tech tools, show me the results and data of improvement."
"Just my luck to get sick right before prom 😏"
"NIU for the start of spring break!"
"Finally. My ex-bff talked to me."
"It's been hell not having you here."
"LOVE that movie."
"\"Dreams come from the heart. Through dreams your heart tells your mind what it wants, what you should be like\""
"Today is our day-off. It's like our weekend;D We hope to see you tomorrow. Upcoming specials is on its way;D Please keep in touch!"
"better off dead, you're better off dead, a smile on the lips and a hole in the head. better off dead."
"and I'm following her to."
"Just left the delt house. Paris bound."
"Kush Hour TV is looking for Artists to feature on the show. Send video's and music to"
"casual yakanelli cleanup"
"You're right: *UN-loaded gun, plus ammo, can be taken into bar. But it's crime to drink til impaired with said gun"
"Stop tweeting i trying to sleep thank u!"
"Reading Acoustic Rooster at Booktopia in Bethesda tomorrow at 2pm. Bring the kids, come meet Mules Davis and Bee Holiday."
"The BodyMedia team now in B-U-tiful Santa Clara #demo12. Practicing their \"6 min\" pitch.Muy difficult 2explain us in 6 min."
"Want to help us out with a Fox59 Face Off? Come on and argue against the gun bill that would let guns in LOS. Msg me!"
"Q4 never co-sign a car for anyone"
"yes, to say the least! I'm just complaining, besides I don't know a lick of Finnish! Perhaps Germany (far north). Sehr gut!"
"soo BASICALLY, whenever tweets something it trends."
"#HARP 2.0 loan helps consumers secure affordable refinance loans. Learn more about HARP by calling #IndigoMortgage at 505-836-5700."
"yep, I just said, \"We seem to be going backwards here.\""
"i would like to try tart cherry juice"
"I'll check and circle back"
"not a chance. In fact, I should really swing by the office when I get back tomorrow..."
"lol ikr one day i thought my plan got cancelled or somethin! i texted a million peple and none of them texted back! lol"
"So I told him and he doesn't believe me."
"Culver&#39;s and Dairy Queen put cake in their ice cream"
"<3 u and Harry look alike."
"\"Merrily We Roll Along\""
"Is it too early to talk about Russian Vodka + Caviar? Good, I didn't think so. is where it's at."
"OK, so maybe I'll need to start using twitter again, since my sister, , is here now."
"They do love it! They've been making me sing rubber ducky since I got it. And trust me, he already has it!"
"#Follow these great #film tweeps!"
"I'd like to announce the tittle of my next novel \"Dunks, Double Dribbles, & Death - A Memphis Grizzlies Murder Mystery\""
"come on #mubb!! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin help me keep believing!!"
"haha..the Yahoo soap opera continues"
"Outside of Deadlight, Halo 4, Max Payne 3 (big maybe), and Bioshock Infinite, can't think of much else I'm excited for this year."
"Methinks it's supposed to be more funny that words to live by. But feel free to debate Apple if you feel strongly."
"Saturday night live was just so bad last night"
"Oh yeah..."
"congrats my friend"
"It's a scorcher today! Come in and try our Juice of the Day...Watermelon Lemonade. 24oz for only $2.99"
"F4F ? RETWEET THIS FOLLOWERS HELP ME"
"Gaddafi just invoked the Branch Davidians in his insane live TV rant. That can't be good."
"thank you :))"
"Anna Farris is hilarious.. Watching what's your number"
"Had a fabulous weekend with friends new and old and am headed into exciting classes this semester!"
"\": A woman who knows her value will only put up with a man's nonsense for so long. You either get right or you will get left\""
"RT : Currently in the studio, cleanin up that & \"Army Strong\" track as we speak ..."
"Boomer knows more about every thing than every one."
"I bet the other munchkin in the fight looks worse"
"haha he looks like a dinosaur!!"
"Today's #vinyl buys: Desmond Dekker: King of Ska (Trojan), Bob Marley & The Wailers: Shakedown (Ala), Beastie Boys: Body Movin' 12\"(Capitol)"
"(PEACEPEACE) pot or not (PEACEPEACE) vote"
"Good answer!!"
"Need a caterer for an event? Our mobile sushi bar can go just about anywhere! Contact for your next party"
"RT : An unhappy recap for Bison sports today... Football team loses 3-21 to Georgetown and mens soccer loses 0-2 at Adelphi U"
"Just watched my idol on Punk'd with and AND ZOE AND COURT! <3"
"Two more decent docs on mankind's relation to nature -- one about local food (EATING ALABAMA) & one about birds (CENTRAL PARK EFFECT)."
"23. What you think and what you feel and what actually manifests is ALWAYS a match - no exception."
"I've already been like that. Never have and never will"
"wen I Log in My Computer Crashes! Someone's hacking it or Spamming it.. idk an I cnt Get in to the Account!!"
"In hour 22 of simmering bone broth and it is smelling savory as all hell up in this place."
"#CLIPPERNATION STAND UP 100%!! RT : All in! Time to close this out."
"Ahh...Meal from hell. Good luck eating that."
"This is going to be fun...work to midnight"
"Hoping for a great game, too. Good luck to your Swans. Just not too much luck."
"so true about being a soft skill... something to think about that is for sure!"
"hey , i know its been a couple days, but i'd just like to remind you that i hate you"
"Good Morning and Happy Monday! Did you take time off for the holidays?"
"My dad could give us a historical lesson down the shore *facepalm*"
"Can't wait to see it! SQUEE!!"
"could you list to 20 types for us?"
"Thanks for the RT and have a good weekend!"
"webfaction's been treating us pretty well, but of course it depends on what sort of features you need."
"Yo mama so ugly she made an onion cry."
"True. I always believe there's someone out there for everyone. Love happens more than once. Muah!"
"I know :( its so sad."
"You like the guns, men, or the men with guns?"
"We should encourage this!"
"not recently"
"Happy last day of finals! Final grades are due 12/21"
"Maybe they can bunt."
"Lots of people at DCPL's homeowner toolbox. Come down and ask your questions - 1500 Harvard St NW"
"Finding a new place to live is like looking for a shooting location that I'll be shooting in for a long time."
"ah or have u been RAPED??? Did ur girl rape ya???!!! Lmfao ;D"
"I had been referring to my friends cat as \"Sieti\", which was sort of accurate, I guess. Today I finally read his tag - C A T"
"Did you know that pierre Beaumarchais, author of the Figaro play, was also a gun runner and spy during the American Revolution?"
"At red lobster grubbing been a great day"
"That is a real player and uecker didn't make that up."
"We've got the bulls game on live in the booth here at #citrixsynergy stop on by"
"Problem w/ display of diacritics in various languages? Adjust the font settings using the 'Configure Font' option on the Setup menu."
"If you haven't heard, Derrick Rose is out for the season with a torn ACL and MCL."
"Hope everyone has a great weekend! What are your plans?"
"will not succumb to this cold!"
"Thanks to everyone who participated and helped with #SMWLA! Hope to see you at the closing party!"
"#Blackparentsquotes you better be in the house before those street lights come off!"
"#aboutme my house burned down 2 years ago"
"It's college acceptance season, and worth considering an often overlooked question:"
"What's everyone up to this weekend? I'll be getting my dance muscles worked up again w/ some jerkin vids on ! Any takers?"
"We're very happy! :) Thanks bro."
"You'll do great. :)"
"Going to see Joe Rogan tonight at Cobbs in San Francisco!"
"As soon as I'm done eating Carl's Jr, I look in the fridge for more food."
"Congratulations ! Guess I'll be watching #americasgottalent now."
"LOFLing at her telling an ASB story on a talk show. Good shit."
"thanks for the RT. lol \"Apple doesn't even have to try anymore.\""
"stupid kids."
"Fear is the foundation of most governments."
"You know that line in Alanis Morrissette's \"Ironic\": \"it's like the cat hairballing after the carpets are cleaned\"? Just happened."
"getting together with via #skype to talk about harrisburg trip!"
"weather people promise tomorrow will be the same :)"
"Tonight at 8pm. Wide Open Beaver Shot of My Heart. PushPush/Ian Belknap. A truly great piece of theater."
"You suck, answer yo phone boy!!"
"Cool note from wishing all filmmakers good luck in the forthcoming festival notifications...guess 2012 is upon us :)"
"Dear North Carolina, fuck you"
"“I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.” unknown"
"Not too bad! I think I must make my own."
"BOO HOO HOO! I should be like a legend in there. Ha!"
"Live and ya learn, grind and ya EARN."
"i will be doing a show may 18th at the mad frog message me to get your tickets now"
"I'm gonna git you sucka"
"Surround yourself with good people as often as possible..."
"Sometimes you need to take risks for what you want."
"Yes! Dirty Dancing is on! Reminds me of freshmen year=)"
"I just got my invite to Wave!! finally."
"Don't be afraid to make decisions for ur life. Some R afraid to change their surroundings due to their comfort zone.Don't stay"
"Blake griffin a bitch!! Lol"
"nuh unh no alcohol this time, i wanna remember all the funny things you say while we're crushin.."
"Employee Ticket Trivia: Name 2 major league players that once played for the ! 1st correct answer wins 3 May 5 tix!"
"#Magickingdom is getting two new castles in #fantasyland. #Princeeric’s and the #Beasts. Opening 2012"
"time to go back to work..."
"I love dry shampoo! Glad you liked the shirt and scarf! So cute!"
"New Jersey (South)- need females to model swimsuits and lingerie. No nudity. Pay is 50 dollars/hr (Casting Code B3)"
"Online right now. Lake Shrine has mediation services on Sunday mornings- look into it. I've gone."
"RT : What types of patents may my social sector organization file and who can file for a #patent? Ask LawForChange:..."
"All rhymers, forget it, like Alzheimers...small-timers...I said it, I'm addressin all the drama!"
"Saw the Whiskey Sisters play a happy hour show at Continental Club last night. Consider me a new fan."
"Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. ~ Albert Einstein"
"Random Fact Of The Day: would be one cool dude to party with"
"I love the curly hair! is a lucky man"
"myspace.com/legyndmuzik hey this song is dedicated to you"
"What the hell is a mexican wave? Is it anything like a mexican halloween?"
"I've got a very \"parasocial\" website concept I would love to share with you... :)"
"#jetsetter -- if you're going to do it anywhere, I'd pick the Caribbean!"
"East Coast or West Coast? Or in between?"
"What are these shots?"
"\"you had dicks on the ceiling. you Fucked it up\" Fred da Godson"
"Did you talk to it about making good choices as you put it outside?"
"I wanna meet"
"Need breads or dessert for your holiday dinner? Place your special orders for Easter now!"
"Almost as good as RT : Regardless of their brand perception, #GoDaddy has some of the best"
"Looking for some everyday, cool climate Syrah's for $25 and under. Who has some recommendations for me?"
"“You can’t do it all yourself. Don’t be afraid to rely on others to help you accomplish your goals.”"
"Gwyneth Paltrow turns 39 today. I liked her in Shallow Hal."
"That refill song gets easily stucj in my head. I like it though"
"what's good cutie? How's everything? I am good."
"-The toy has lots of developmental play value -A toy that engages your child's interest beyond a few minutes– they will play with it longer"
"badgers up to 10th."
"Sucks to suck"
"Why does milo find the need to growl at lizards on the OTHER side of my window"
"Thanks for the RT, see you tomorrow!"
"Ben Greenberg is Hubble, debut LP coming soon. It's called Hubble Drums."
"Why do landlords become like secretaries every time they put a For Rent sign in front of a unit? Simple. They're using the wrong sign."
"sure thing!"
"Can't wait for CHURCH tonight!! Jesus + Incredible worship + Youth from all around EP in THE #HOUSE 2NITE 7PM"
"follow me plzz"
"I am so jealous. What are you doing tonight brother?"
"Man my phone all fucked up"
"Hi!! Thank you to you and Sunny!!"
"There is a special place in hell for people who recline their seat all the way back in coach #it'shardbeingtall"
"Try refreshing your browser to see if you can get the chat to appear. Let me know how that goes"
"Back in the studio bottle on deck ready to make magic how yall progressing on them tracks"
"“: Find something you love to do so much, you can’t wait for the sun to rise to do it all over again. #LifeLessons”"
"Wow, just hit 7,000! Thanks so much for the support and #share everyone!"
"Thank you! Have a great weekend."
"It would take 10to16 mos. to get them ready to Bid,that would only be20%of the work,then hire 25% more thn they have, all BS"
"What an inspirational evening! Special thanks to the amazing Lucinda Martinez & our sponsor #Dewars! Till next time!"
"right. They've been able to create this level of market exclusivity by taking advantage of the \"vintage\" trend."
"biebers about to be on MTV :))"
"I'm foolin with it man keep goin!"
"\"I'm mrs. Iglesias\" haha I'm still laughing"
"hmu one you get it"
"Today I stand on my own - proud, happy, loved, and eternally grateful to be living this wonderful, beautiful life."
"Palfrey: Free to all as core value of libraries."
"Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground. - Theodore Roosevelt"
"fat self"
"NYK Dropping 3's right and left on the Celtics"
"okay good! Do you have them now?"
"\"Sunsetting Economic Regs\". JPM: \"Thanks\" Grandmas 401k: Sorry granny, private sector is self-regulating."
"such a beautiful day,let's go out :)"
"thanks Carly!! I appreciate that! How's la! I'll be out there soon!"
"Thank you for replying. :) Joking about the sister thing... kinda sorta. ha ha!"
"lmao these police mad as shit!"
"Really just want to go home, curl up on the couch, watch the Daily Show, and then fall asleep."
"coffee minus cigarettes"
"and checkin in for the FG."
"Breakfast Burrito and a Blood Mary for 10 bucks. Bacon Breakfast Burrito and Bacon Bloody Marys tomorrow for Fathers Day!!!"
"“: I have always supported invisible children. #kony2012 STOP KONY”<<<Me too. Ive been spreading the word since 2009!"
"Happy Birthday Kameron!!  Enjoy :) "
"5 time \"Hoop It Up\" 3 point shooting champ Jason Cross of the HJ dropped 6 trays for 20 pts in a break out effort against the OC Gladiators"
"Happy Friday Everyone!"
"#Politics How can people think of having Newt as president. This guy has been in congress 4 decades & hasn't help d people of this country."
"Just confirmed: Jen Wood and Alessandra will join the cast of guest singers on Nov 13"
"Usually I'm waiting at daughters dance studio 4 #IntDesignerChat “: >amazing squeeze in from a taxi in LA”"
"Alone in a crowded room, screaming but no one hearing. Taking but no one listening"
"Say hello to Seitan for me!"
"The cute girl at the library finally looked over at me but when I was looking DOWN with my FAT LOOKING-DOWN INDUCED DOUBLE CHIN"
"We have a ball game"
"Pull your feet from the mud and GO"
"Big thanks to for teaching me am entire trig unit in 15 minutes <3"
"Wrong part of the ball park..."
"Reading a history of Jonestown. It's…dark."
"lmfao, what he gone do throw a temper tantrum, i fight good. n few niggas still fight."
"Bird's are chirping and I don't need my winter coat?! Is spring really here??"
"lol, sorry. Thanks you :)"
"Greek dinner. Lots of hummus. Very garlicky... #feelsbad for person at the treadmill next to me:)"
"haha you guys"
"is not hungry... but kinda wants to order Chinese and have it delivered at 1am... because she can. ;)"
"Champions Forest and 1960."
"I got bored with it last year, so I haven't watched this season either. I think it's been on eight years? That's a good run."
"how bout that I wish she'd come clean too..."
"okay deal."
"3/20/1754->R Dinwiddie:I was favourd w/ your Letter inclosing Lt Col Commission..I am vain enough to believe I shall not be an unfit Member"
"15 min to show time! tune in to www.blogtalkradio.com/soulfulblend at 7pm PST I will be a guest on the Soulful Blend Radio so check it out.."
"Enjoy a positive, prosperous and productive day, lovelies!"
"RT : Employees make the best dates*"
"Some how I am now in talks to adviz Berklee Spain on their new scoring space. Worldwide reach? I know I have it."
"im so hungry, i aint ate all day. i wonder what there is to eat."
"First Tweet From a Driver Racing in"
"Get a good night's rest! Tomorrow morning we start announcing who's coming to PXY Summer Jam! Listen to !"
"Just ordered Dominos..."
"You know what's worse than ordering five sandwiches for others at Subway? Ordering five burritos for others at Chipotle."
"A few more days to name our Elk! Best name gets $100 bar tab!"
"I would be with you every second of every day."
"where's senior elite 💙💍"
"WHERE DA CHICKEN AT!?"
"well you can creep on me anytime. I'm quite interesting."
"My friend's Mom takes her cat for a walk - she loves it! Make a trip to Petsmart and try it for fun!"
"Actors - SAG General Service Agreement Seminar May 12. RSVP with the guild if you want to know about that agency contract b4 u sign."
"I miss my seniors ):"
"the industry demands quality records. You can expect to get a record deal or distribution if your quality is less than industry standard"
"Watched Thor, and now watching Captain America with in preparation for the awesomeness of The Avengers."
"bring one to Anaheim & exchange it for free beer with me? ;)"
"1770 > Civilians/soldiers clash in the Boston Massacre.1953 >Joseph Stalin dies. 1963 >Hula-Hoop patented. 2011 > MWM rocks Rockbar!!"
"60 degrees outside, it's a heatwave!"
"RT Um - my guests JUST realized this show is live! #mary omg Regina is totally lit!!!"
"Gettin there to the champ center gyeah"
"OK People Its Time to Get Your Party Products for the Summer..."
"Saw #TheHungerGames today, #amazing! Except for the end, #wtf was that???"
"then the weekends you're busy going to parties haha"
"if not, you're in for a treat tomorrow!!! It's one of the best of the season."
"Relieve Pain! shoes control the way ur foot rolls w/ the right amount of force & stability, easing foot, leg, hip, & back pain."
"#ArtFact: When Frida #Kahlo was 6 years old she had polio. The disease made her right leg thinner than her left leg."
"Ugh...studio moves suck."
"RT : I'm sorry to all of the Packers fans. Unacceptable. We let you guys down today."
"“: Even at the highest levels, agents get their clients work based on the relationships their clients have.”"
"Meanwhile, HBK was a HORRIBLE referee."
"Doing #bikedc this morning!"
"Day party the 28th of this month? YES"
"Very funny, Scotty. Now beam down my clothes."
"The lady that holds up the line at McDonald's while she's deciding between diet and regular Pepsi. Yep."
"Enjoying the expensive thrill of giving a cab driver bad directions in a neighborhood I don't know."
"Hahaha. Awesome. Can't wait to start! She really likes eating. Huge mess but worth it!"
"#serials rehearsal all day and now off to a reading of a new film w/ the lovely"
"I literally had the best dream ever last night...(: it was amazing I got so mad cause my mom woke me up...we were about to make out):<"
"you should be in class! why u tweetin?"
"My average bedtime has been 4am. FAIL!!!"
"Reading comments on my paper, & the first sentence appears to be, \"This is very good fried nun.\" That can't be right."
"at home"
"Congrats Marina Micari at Searle! She received NU Alumni grant to Reduce Social-Comparison Concern in Small Learning Groups"
"I got game like e a,but I wanna let you play"
"he's the leader of a famous ad agency - it's his job to care what people think"
"If I was really #recovering, I wouldn't be doing that again . . . I should be further along than I am. -Melody Beattie on Perfection"
"What's sad is that I'm sitting at Sang's house, drinking hard cider, eating sour belts, and playing Angry Birds and Hanging with Friends."
"just sitting and tweeting :P about to watch tv."
"they say life is short, but it's the longest thing we do. so make the most of it while you're hear. live out your dreams."
"Thanks for playing our tune \"Pins and Nails\" on your show!!!"
"Hahah The whole lakers bench is up except for Bynum, he's real Heated and M.Brown"
"A fly will not get into a closed mouth"
"Can I borrow some sugar? Lol"
"With our luck.. Jail #Blazers then Frail #Blazers now Fail #Blazers next its Hail #Blazers, a bunch of awful 5 foot slow Neo Nazis."
"fingers crossed AND I'll just start locking down locations, making room for trailers. I'm gonna see this flipping' movie."
"Congrats to for winning a #PRNewsCSR award yesterday with our client HanesBrands for the Green for Good program!"
"We should limit saturated fats and eliminate trans fats"
"My heart skipped a beat when you smiled at me;)"
"Hashtag use appears to be a common problem at museum events. Lessons: 1. No hyphens 2. Put lots of signage up and make announcements."
"GAB and Milwaukee Cty DA holding news conference Monday on \"results of a significant investigation\" at 2 pm at GAB's Madison office."
"#SomePeopleNeedTo lose weight now ask me how!"
"Home sweet home."
"Writing about nuclear disarmament protest in New York City on June 12, 1982--were you there?"
"being #90 only means you have the chance to rise! Hang in there and look to the future."
"We're gonna get attacked by these geese"
"I'm bandwagoning the blues hard"
"what time period would you go to if you had a time machine?(;"
"Glad you enjoyed jumping with us!"
"thanks for the love. I brought 50 peeps in tonight! I got an great industry hook up. Ill keep supporting."
"Made of colors and music"
"Holiday tip #12 Multitasking - while the family is watching tv or doing homework, use this time to wrap gifts"
"i dont know how to kick box! but if im up and can get there I will."
"Still trying to shake off these #grammy nightmares.. arrgggh"
"Realizing more and more how college is so not a real era in life."
"its raining and thundering!!!!!"
"Big Bang Theory is possibly the funniest show ever!! :D"
"Twitter Facebook join me super hakeem and my brand if I eat u eat let's make it happen"
"Yeah Papi! You rocked today!"
"I don't know who did the list but am surprised I'm on it. Well, barely on it. In number 20."
"Countdown to #tranZitions has begun! We have some great things for all of u very very soon!"
"Who knew tomorrow is #NationalTempuraDay? Celebrate with free Stuffed Jalapenos at On the Border. Diet Schmiet"
"Despite the weather, we always make it shine just a little brighter."
"Hurrah, happy New Sock Day to you! Enjoy your new toe socks! :D"
"Success: It's not where you live, it's how you live! It's not what you drive, it's how you drive yourself! It's not just giving, it's how y…"
"I didn't miss it? Phew! Oh and BTW I LOVE MJ <3 :]"
"Enjoy every little second of life that you have; because you'll never get that second back."
"joins #g2s as Media Partner"
"might have to make a lil trip to the today"
"I think it's more than a smart business tactic, Ed."
"I don't care what any of you guys say. Cartersville runs Bartow."
"your whole head?"
"This season has been thoroughly enjoyable. Thanks to I got to see all the shows. Can't wait for next season!"
"Instagram: dog, dog, dog, plate of food, dog, dog, graffiti, dog, cat, dog"
"Chicago is DEFINETLY having a signing. :)"
"Was that ever even in question...?"
"I didn't know she reply back !"
"Screw the issues. I'm voting for the candidate I'd much rather \"spoon.\""
"When you have friends that are so fake it's not even funny. You really don't know what to do with them."
"I'll be the next to unfollow U!! lol"
"tickets for Rock the Bells go on sale tomorrow and I haz no money *tear*"
"There's still time to donate gently used books to Jen's Little Free Library. Help get books into kids' hands this summer...."
"#amazing race wheres Phil?"
"ughh today is just not my day"
"Did you know Mr. Filene was behind Daylight Savings Time? Yes, the dept store guy. Learned that from my colleague"
"Drank by da paint dro by the pound"
"Life is full of fake people. Before you decide to judge them, make sure you`re not one of them."
"Bitter Sweet Symphony."
"I have video tapes of me and on a robo trip when we were 16."
"Pornstar in the stairway hello emily spencer"
"8 year old sneaking my Smithsonian mag to read about Titanic under covers after bedtime=awesome."
"Onion bagel, veggie cream cheese, hot sauce. Livin the life"
"Perfect day to just relax in the pool"
"what do you think of jordan jansen?-Que piensas de jordan jansen?"
"Lacrosse is the sexiest sport and played by the sexiest people"
"need to take there ass to bed with this freaky shit tonight"
"Fat boys BBQ with the guys"
"If one of your #NewYears #resolutions is to win a PlaySport vid cam u came to the right place!Tweet me snowboarding vid and tag"
"yea I have no idea how it slipped my mind?!?"
"I observe all my friends closely"
"HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY SWEETIE YOU ARE A GREAT MOTHER INDEED GODBLESS MUCH LOVE :)"
"Raymond 1969 STILL Q! shredded this song"
"And it's now 9-8... Which is why it should have STAYED split screen"
"That price shows the upside of mult position ability and the downside of desperation...."
"Looks great! Now I need to adjust mine to include powerpoints :)"
"Today's color was all black + signed a few autographs"
"no, i'm so stupid! lmao whatever i tried emailing her but she never responded. i'm just gonna talk to her after class"
"A cute little boy just said hi to me. From beneath the bathroom stall door."
"Signing the lease tomorrow. "
"Welcome to Twitter! Well you got it if you were referring to a Twitter account.."
"So I'm flipping though the Winter 2004 #SuedeMag w/Eve on the cover and guess who I see in the contributors S/O...Mr."
"i feel your pain! my bday is right after valentine's day -___-"
"bro where u been? How's life in the chi?"
"Please follow the many wonderful achievements of our students and see the changes that our young men experience in this unique high school."
"RT : Happy Milwaukee Beer Week! (Think it's a coincidence our two-year anniv is the same as Milwaukee Beer Week? We don't.)"
"sure has a lot going on April 19th with Young Professionals Week (thanks to ) and a Living Green Panel. Great programs!"
"WTF do i pay A for? I will be on twitter while some douche fixes my flat. Slip him a 20 for dinner and on my way."
"I would be down for one. How soon would you need the money?"
"I love me some #levilowrey on a Monday night"
". is the first single going to be Forced Gender Reassignment? i feel like that would be a strong first single for this album."
"I heard a rumor that POTUS was in town today. Can you confirm? :)"
"When is your birthday?!? Mine is June 2!?(:"
"but neither is the passage nothing; we have norms about voting rights, clean air, higher ed etc that have grown over time"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY! HAVE A GREAT DAY!!!"
"Refuse to Lose, Refuse to be Defeated, Refuse to have Regrets."
"Just two more days before Springsteen in NC...I am so psyched!"
"\"and I just cant sit back and wallow in my own sorrow but I know one fact I'll be one tough act to follow\" - #BestSingerOf2011 <3"
"Looking forward to 2 excellent exhibits opening Friday - Calder @ L&M and Twombly @ Gagosian"
"not even tho, Elton Brand hit him with an elbow to the groin, I would've done that as well"
"being a bit of an info geek, it's a toss up. Altho i am inclined to say the latter is worse..."
"How you doing?"
"After tonight I swear I have a new outlook on niggas and life. Iwant my ex back thoe :( lol"
"OMG, he RTed you. :D lol"
"I just pulled a piece of metal out of my leg. Today has been the worse"
"Nah i think her name's daphne.."
"That heart of a champion, I respect that, goes to show talent isn't everything, because doesn't have the best arm"
"I wish lunch could last forever"
"\"Jazzhands\" in Joel's voice"
"Enjoying an early AM breakfast in Palmetto Bay at House of Bagels / French Bakery off 144. A little from both"
"Managers now have more control over the notifications they receive from it out in your account settings :)."
"alright bet!"
"YOU'RE SO SEXY! Hot Damn; HAPPY HOLIDAYS LET'S CHEIF A BLIZZY! (;"
"Someone should have told me Paul McCartney was playing at Wrigley. I would have made different travel plans! omg"
"hey, it's not their fault City let QPR score a man down....."
"LMFAO! XD Don't you just hate random boners? xD"
"Yeah? I would love that so so much!!"
"If you love great original music....get your bootie to the cup right now!!!!!!!"
"RT : RT : Half Of The Chicks That Be Claiming That They Cute Don't Be"
"a little Blue Rodeo, Barenaked Ladies, The Tragically Hip & Sarah Mc Lachlan. countered with Leonard Cohen."
"Thank you :) she's crazy tho ! lol"
"Dawes: our moral obligation in human rights movements to bear witness to atrocity"
"If Willie Wonka had a Chocolate Factory it would definitely be here in the"
"Thank you for noticing! Have a great weekend!"
"Am i the only one that thinks is sexxy?"
"Just tripped like an idiot and this dude saw me. Lmbos"
"Bottom line-->RT : thinking the pwrful msg from Tracy Sleep is: its more abt what you do w data than what data u have"
"I followed you"
"Suffering w/ #acne? A common culprit is constipation. Increase fiber and water intake for a clearer complexion."
"Ice Cream yum!(:"
": At the president's opening session on archaeology in the media...what kind of information goes into a #SAA77 press pack, I wonder?"
"How can I help you with your project? Give me a call and I can answer any questions you may have. CL Custom Flooring and Construction."
"Hey Richard, Thanks for following me on Twitter"
"figured you'd get a kick out of this - I'm most likely moving back to Lake Dr area and my mom told me to \"book Kyle for the move\""
"BTW all who see this should follow crocodile logic on twitter. That's your name, dude."
"really! :o :3"
"already miss my family."
"Thank you so much =) tell all your friends please"
"The wait is over. Who's ready to hear all of our hard work?"
"haha just making sure ur all rite"
"Still trying to get through Carroway's \"New Worlds for All\" and Seed's \"Ceremonies of Possession\" --"
"Getting some Dions. Still recovering from bday."
"You can close your eyes, don't worry. I'll still be here in the morning. <3"
"Yay! That is where my family is! The trip will be SO much easier. I hope it's still cheaper than Dulles."
"um, no. (there's a football game on)"
"Wish I could be at the paramount today to see Obama!"
"just lost points lmao."
"A beautiful day in West Palm Beach FL! Can't wait to get up on stage! 6:25 skull candy, be there =P"
"Well, i'm done.. Goodnight everybody."
"Goodbyes are always hard no matter how many times.."
"THESE GIRL WILL NOT LAVE ME ALONE ANY ONE GOT ANY HELP I DONT WAANA BE A DICK BUT SHIT, But back THE HELL OF LADIES. im good for real!"
"When will you be performing in the NYC area."
"Just watched The Yearbooks \"Season of Love\" video on HDNet! Who's recording that shit?"
": I was going to say HARVEY meets BRAZIL but then I realized that's just DONNIE DARKO."
"No problem ;-)"
"Love your photos. Are you traveling in India?"
"We provide the community with crime prevention seminars, team building seminars, and business risk assessments. Contact us at..."
"you have to stand your ground ppl will try to run you over and thanks good luck to you as well"
"Oh Florida please be still tonight and don't disturb this love of mine ."
"i have a great #constanciochange (: wanna hear it?!"
"Bash at the beach>>>>>>"
"RE: Walter Payton book - do we stop publishing biographies about dead historical figures now too? It's always about money sadly"
"You only live once so take excellence personally."
"Thank you so much Lori--we appreciate the love!"
"This lady at lunch asked me if I was from California. I was so flattered!"
"\": When you stop chasing them & start embracing you, one day you'll look up & THEY'LL be chasing YOU. #TheSW\""
"Worst case of the Sunday-night blues."
"Yay time for school D,:"
"Cards and Cats meeting in the Final Four is the biggest thing to happen since the Mega Powers exploded at WrestleMania V"
"yes ma'am!"
"1 more day then #sb2012 here we come"
"You are hands down, the most annoying and obnoxious person I have ever met."
"words with Out a face mean Nothin..... Words with a a face have Soo much meaning!"
"Oh there was a meeting today I was gonna go but stupid theatre rehearsals always get in the way"
"Err, best... Yeah, someone was up until 3-ish for no particular reason save some fun research."
"Same boat. Not great coffee, but good enough to make a statement."
"“: its because Grandfathers did it, right? right?” NICE! Lol"
"How to Get Your Kids Excited About Summer Hiking: Mother’s Perspective"
"Thanks for sharing!"
"What goes around comes around"
"Have you ever woken up and immediately realized that you were supposed to do something before u fell asleep."
"Love the service but when will I have it on my iPhone?"
"Happy mothers day to all of joe mama's out there! :D"
"most definitely!"
"My eyes are still swollen :/"
"Slap me in the tush... I am trending..eat it Seth. Stefon is a household name now. Makes you wanna say WHAT?"
"Social Media Raises the Stakes for Customer Service - American Express Survey"
"nope Scott said they were fine"
"you're one of these people Ashley."
"AW! Thanks so much! You made my night! <3"
"Who gives a shit, just win the fuckin Super Bowl!"
"hilarity! Your girl is so cool and hilarious. Hope the world is treating you like the gem you are. :)"
"Can't get enough of the"
"This is not good,why does this always happen to me.."
"Today was great! :D"
"Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda…"
"it's like baseball... this is the 3rd strike. I tried. America fails."
"B. Miller ran for almost as many yards as passing...Teddy was 1st team Fr. AA plus waiting in the wings"
"Thanks Tyra. \"Gotta Praise.\""
"Aight, we in our seats, the roof is open, time to get this game started. GO REDSKINS!!!!!!"
"Ok i will spread it like nutella :D"
"“: Bieber in Floyd's ring entourage: Another sign he's getting soft.”shut the fuck up skip !!!!!"
"I am so excited for Entourage tonite!"
"You see folks"
"only freshman or sophomores tho."
"yeah i imagine!"
"thats a joke right?"
"bro u and I Saturday. Buy me icecream tho."
"thanks cookie! Love you! Make it a great day ;)"
"OH: I'd rather get drunk for free with police officers"
"Visiting the Atlanta Food Bank - they distributed 34 million lbs of food last year!"
"Hola! I'm Kristi, I work in an academic library in Anchorage, AK"
"Hey everyone please tag us to your #FF today! Don't forget today @ 6pm EST we're releasing the \"Babyface Nelson\" music video!!!"
"Typical Request at work: we have no idea if anyone can do this, but your job is to complete this task..."
"lmfao lol damm just sayin its different wit kids I been there done that so to me they r my world!"
"always ay my job haha! I've been working a lot of nights lately so I've been MIA! my apologies! "
"I'm heading to Palm Springs with the USC Sirens a cappella group that I just got into for our retreat!! Yay!!"
"#tarantulas do bite and their bites are venomous, but *most* are not dangerous. Toxicity is more like that of a bee or wasp."
"Awesome report! Thank you for sharing"
"Create an ongoing dialogue. Pay attention to details- memorable to unforgettable"
"ur pretty!! have fun, mine starts 10am;)"
"Good luck to my sis running the indy mini tomorrow!!"
"fumbly fingers on a website can get dicey! But our final results say it all. Have a great weekend too."
"Great to see you! I thought was great. Those farmstand-library partnerships looked like great fun."
"Learned to fly Ripple's tops'l... Woo hoo"
"75% of readers come to the site specifically to find something cool to share. - at"
"RT Bah time to be strict on my diet again. And I'm tired of just saying it. I'm disgusting."
"RIP DONNA SUMMER!"
"when it's done well, I do."
"It's sad to think that you still hold me to who I was 2 years ago learn to let go. I've grown & maybe you should realize that!"
"I love my fans. You are my life. I'll never stop making music."
"It's monday, lack of fun day. Welcome back to the grind. I got a new coupon coming your way. $19.99. CASE OF THE MONDAYS get it cheap"
"rene wrestled with me for 3 years ha"
"True. Hopefully that won't be too much longer now. I think once book 2 is out, it'll go thru the roof! NY Times Best Seller!"
"Thank you! And thanks for your past work on it- did you see your name on the site?"
"RT @ ScienceChannel Star Trek fans! scientists will one day build an actual antimatter propulsion engine similar starship Enterprise >> htt"
"Remember: The Gourmè Mist bottle is PET plastic, is 100% recyclable, and does NOT contain plasticizers that will affect the oil or vinegar."
"Never will you miss Etta James more than when you hear sing 'At Last' at her funeral. Why you gotta go & try 2 ruin that song."
"#ThingsMyExSaid \"why are you talking to all these dudes? Your not allowed to talk to ________ anymore.\""
"roast beef with fried eggplant & mozzarella from Defonte's. That Way from This Little Piggy Had Roast Beef"
"Need more followers!!!!"
"15575 after 3 levels. Kid on my direct left keeps 3betting my opens at like 50/100"
"I want to go to YoYo Berri"
"freshman need to stay home"
"I was just at the theatre this past saturday. Love going but would be better with a partner."
"Saying I couldn’t do it was the biggest lie they ever told –"
"lol NO. I don't think your arm is fat. Haha. You cra."
"She's just a friend you see you always agree, you know i lie but you still trust me."
"Go ! Great win vs Ohio state!"
"Yes he is a beast! RT : Ray Lewis got me ready to tackle the 1st person I see!!! Dude is intense!"
"Drew, I am speechless, please do something for #Brewers nation!!!"
"Mayor's PSq stakeholder update happening today at 4pm at ING. See you there!"
"THEY STILL HANGING AROUND."
"naah....with the right PR, it can be shut down quickly. And Star Jones is apparently behind a campaign. Something may happen"
"Heard at a meeting today that IVC is in danger of being shut down. Incredibly sad, amazing things could happen there. Wasted opportunities."
"The fact that my parents only have a few baby pictures of me, but a whole album for my brothers, is the reason why i think I'm adopted."
"ugh. that's last for me too. Scrubs on netflix is just too enticing for me to stand up and do it."
"Kardashian: \"I luv animals & always will. I believe in freedom of choice\" Right, so where was the animals freedom of choice #not2bskinned?"
"[To be a leader] One has to have courage... to be able to suffer blows... to feel the pulse of the country says"
"e-harmony proves that even people who wear shorts, dress socks and sandals CAN find true love."
"Jammin! Do you have any books out or a blog?"
"okeayy cnn ! tell her cheer up kaeyy !:>"
"The Food Drive w/ the Ice Rays is today from 5-8PM @ the Yardarm Apartments in Calallen, 10660 Leopard. Please bring 3 cans of food. Thanks!"
"- you're funny. you said non-sucky, facebook and android in the same sentence, implying similar context. now thats funny..."
"Luongo isn't Thomas, plain and simple, BUT he's not the only reason they lost. The Sedin sisters are nonexistent unless they're diving"
"I like to think so"
"So far 2nite skullcap tincture, ice pack on eyes, warm bath w/salts and lavender oil, & scalp massage w/peppermint shamp seems 2 be helping."
"I understand why people are upset for using govt funds to pay for sex, but also, really? They get a per diem. Who cares?"
"U/D Vincent - Req neighborhood services for displaced occupants. Fire Investigator req Arson Investigator"
"say to them \"I SAID GOOD MORNING\"... See how they react then. lol"
"Getting paid to ride the escalator."
"is thinking about her houston peeps and places ..."
"Took advantage of yesterday's warm and sunny weather to eat & shop at Easton! My husband made out well- 2 suits, a tie and shoes!"
"Thanks. Can't DM you till you follow me though."
"Best show on TV RT Just turned on"
"RT No one lives near me .-. Sad for life”"
"Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition"
"That may be called a solo sex marriage"
"Done. Done. Done. Done. Done. Done. Done."
"Its time to go to sleep and my husband has the hiccups!!!LMAO!!"
"word? that would be hella dope!"
"Being a #couchpotato before I go to work blah!"
"we should!"
"Smell that? Smells like a delicious sausage biscuit. Try adding egg, cheese or hashbrowns to make it even better."
"exactly. it's just funny/kind of awesome that he decided to spend part of his offseason in good ol' Madison. #onwisconsin?"
"Looking forward to my massage in the morning. My back is so sore."
"I was descent. Alot like you played 3 sports so didn't get rolling until the spring break tourneys but did throw a no no my Sr yr"
"Melvin is sharing how seeing the camp made him realize how cruel people could be, and how we can never let it happen again."
"RT : Nothing like a hot tub featuring music from with on a hazy LA morning"
"stop-motion twitter"
"so cant wait for my shoot tomorrow i got a whole team makeup ,hair ,fashion stylist the whole thing ...wow !!!!!!!!!"
"is that Panama??? And if so...that's amazing! What are you doing there?"
"That's not life! That's boredom in a box."
"never leave your happiness in someone else's hands."
"What? Your birthday? Happy birthday, darling. Sending you much love and luck with Silverwells too! I can't wait for it."
"Really well done and cool product wish you the best from DemoPit! RT : wow. thanks for all the love everyone!"
"juz know that it happened.......juz know that"
"To whom that much is given, much is required."
"yeah looks like a good movie."
"sup bro? How u been?"
"My brother just fell outta the tree in my front yard. Holy shit."
"without my chicken string u right! Ugghh majorly frustrated!"
"I think im stuck in so.e weird space-time vortex. It cannot already be 2:30 pm"
"I'm like.. Stalking you!~"
"Hope we close early tonite.. don't feel like being here"
"Because we are opposites in our taste. Does the book have too much plot? Or too little?"
"Can someone tell Sanjay Manjeykar to kindly F*** off!!!"
"its my achilles heel, gets me at least once a year. Almost better now though :)"
"Hey Andrew, have a great weekend! See you Sunday!"
"both are correct. Folklore has it that Michigander was a slight against governor cass from lincoln. Michiganian + goose."
"My Aunt reminded me that there is an order...."
"All kids have hopes & dreams for the future, but growing up shouldn't have to be just a dream for some. #StopChildhoodCancer!"
"webinar w/ #womnegotiators, #yasmindavidds, Step aside and show you have power!"
"Finally, the weather report was right...happy sunny Monday!"
"Nothing but horrible stories in the news."
"how hard is it to actually get noticed by you? Because all I want is an I love you tweet or a follow to make my life... <3"
"2 bad bitches at tha same damn time!"
"Where will you be?"
"wtf ? disabled ads from one of my vid interviews that i conducted. wonder if someone wrongly reported it. starting to dislike YT"
"hey thanks for tweet me happy birthday really appreciate it"
"Who has their tickets for #HungerGames?"
"I know right! I'm begging my parents to go c a cub vs brewer game but other wise I've jut been doing little things! Ugh 👎😒"
"RT : NICU moms and Rhonda McMahon, and share self-care tips at Jan 30 Lunch & Learn. Pls Come!..."
"are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 14"
"When do you come to Holland? :$ ♥"
"That's interesting my hunch is FB generally feels more \"engaging\" with photos and longer posts. Plus time on FB trumps TW"
"Booze, Bitches, and Bubble Gum"
"It was a great event at the 92nd Street Y, but at the beginning I felt like I was watching it from Mars."
"Stay strong! The pain of teargas lasts a moment, but the bragging rights last a lifetime..."
"gah!!!! considering the same. sleep is for suckers."
"It still bugs me when shows discussing our Solar System say that it has 8 planets."
"Have you gotten to the part with the cat? There's a part with a cat."
"been practicing why Georgia, beautiful song man. I'm a fingerpicker still tryin to get this cool rhythms you do w/ fingers?"
"GUYS I ATE LIKE COMPLETE SHIT AL LAST WEEK AND THE WEEKEND BUT I DIDN'T GAIN WEIGHT. HOLY SHIT THANK GOD🙏"
"Wake up people!"
"YOU HAVE NO FUCKING LIFE YOU JUST HATING ON HER CUX SHES BEAUTIFUL GO SUCK ON UR SMALL PENIS U DUMB BASTERED"
"all i want is to get talked about like in but that wont happen :/"
"not true!"
"who is this kid, a fucking morlock? why is he so comfortable in new york's sewers?"
"I want Seth back."
"I mean to control the frames within the animated gif."
"#TheKilling #MadMen #AMC and vegetarian chicken nuggets..."
"playing the piano in the dark >>>>>>"
"Finally eating dinner"
"#gail2010 so tired I forgot to tweet that I'm here. Our AU preso this a.m. was really fun and well attended! Thx Georgia Southern!"
"just keep on texting me instead until you fall asleep.. Would've been more romantic if the whole \"calling\" situation worked"
"lol you thought that too? :)"
"Still blasting \"Warren Wolf\"??? Get your copy now. W/ and Greg Hutchinson. It's hot!!!!"
"wouldn't that be Sweet"
"Ash brought in just in case we want an interception."
"Listening to the COO of Any Lab Test Now talk about a social media nightmare. Cyber stalking is scary stuff!"
"S/o to all 600 of my #FaithfulFollowers :)))"
"No, Happy Anna Howard Shaw Day to you, sister!"
"Student email: \"Oh Mr.Pratt i have to tell you something...what was it? oh yeah HAPPY HUNGER GAMES!!! MAY THE ODDS BE EVER IN YOUR FAVOR!!!\""
"that is true"
"I think he will. But if economy continues to stall, he may not get reelected."
"they go from XS to XXXL - you need to select color first before sizes are offered."
"Yoga, then vintage clothes shopping. Salesgirl thought I was crazy when I made a fuss about preserving the 1970s Joseph Horne's hang-tag :)"
"Ruling in a cruel way and then having me feel hopelessness in anything I say or do! Never!! Oppression and Depression deleted from earth!"
"For this, I can only smile."
"I have a dream that my 4 lil children will 1 day live in a nation where they wont be judged by the color of their skin"
"I'm so stupid."
"I always get caught up in people talkin about how things used to be, even though I know its not gonna be like that again."
"3. I like dick and vagina at the same time"
"Impressive congrats on surviving the sun. Who needs #yodertoenails and #yodernipples anyway"
"it's charging! Haha"
"Not sure how I feel about that pick. TT knows what he's doin tho"
"- Thanks for the RT, I thought it was an interesting approach to weight loss."
"Willing to add anything from Canad to the list! :)"
"I just found an unused VS gift card that I was given last year. Score!!! =)"
"Yeah, getting Google juice is nice and there are still plenty of readers like us. Next gen might be very different though"
"I'd love to see your #aviation license plate - like your background image, but no plate visible."
"No one laughs at God in a hospital. No ones laughing at God in a war."
"A laughing matter - Khaleej Times"
"#shoutout to all the AMDA students doing Hairspray @ CBS right now!!!"
"At safeway shopping and Pour Some Sugar on Me is playin'. Ah yeah."
"think she left me up by myself"
"May the 4th be with you...Happy star wars day!"
"Glad I got afternoon class tomorrow."
"Nationwide trend? MT : Us too!! : Construction next to our office is shaking our whole building every few seconds."
"The Fly guys are doing there thing tonight!! Way to go!!"
"PickUpLine: I just got a prescription for Viagra. Would you help me try it out?"
"Hmm what is going to be for lunch? Hungry Hungry...."
"So.... gotta do this weekend hw..... My school didn't have school Friday and we don't have it today. ! ( :"
"When will scout release the 2015 rankings?"
"CUNY J-School for life. Made amazing friends."
"where are you from?"
"Celadon is a shade of green that is a pale tint of spring green, while chartreuse is a pale apple green."
"you want me to beat her up for you? JK JK"
"Praise the AC"
"No prob. Zac came down & we rocked out until nearly 11! Sun will be great!"
"check me out on facebook group \"kingoffitteds\""
"I've been getting into Amstel and some IPA's. Matt doesn't really drink beer anymore."
"Officially part of the iPhone family :)"
"Its funny how and i are sitting right next to eachother and were talking to eachother over twitter"
"Now My Energy Company provides Solar Panels to Commercial and Residential Customers in Cali Zero Down if u qualify Call 1-646-397-9817"
"Watchinng the I Love Lucy Marathon an theses OUTFITS ARE BANGIN!!!!!!"
"maybe me and"
"dm me email addy for longer format."
"I liked!!!"
"new Orleans wants you back. ASAP. She said so."
"A little rudeness & disrespect can elevate a meaningless interaction to a battle of wills & add drama to an otherwise dull day."
"I have absolutely no drive/desire to study for history @"
"Thankful that God has blessed me with another Beautiful Day."
"actually found the one thing I'm beating you at - tweet count."
"Hey I want a S/o please!"
"your score is 21 over par (4jxdc)"
"have you had your #alkalinewater today?? www.ionways.com/meloniescott"
"Start your toss on set, stand up and go to wx center and by the time you're there, you start the forecast."
"the one and only Daniel mori!"
"#SmackDown ok get killed"
"Things to do tonight: drink, write guest blog post, drink, reread novella prior to restarting the draft, drink, tweet, drink, and drink."
"#UN confirms \"crimes against humanity\" committed by #Assad regime in"
"She didn't buy Raid. We have Hot Shot. The thing sucks. The best Raid I've used is the one from Home Depot. Lol"
"So happy with my rescue dog can't wait to shower her with love!!"
"Hey! I live in Miami and I know u're coming to Florida for Playlist Live, it'd be awesome if u could come to Miami and meet me."
"Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, and half-shut afterwards. Benjamin Franklin"
"I'm sure they will be b/c instapix isn't cheap, but so worth it :)"
"oh anika, you radiate feminist badassery even when you cry! :)) much love!"
"I only like old christmas music and only when its dark and freezing outside."
"Ha. Neither did Joe in Joe vs the Volcano. (I find a fan, I don't let up. It's a character flaw of mine.)"
"I like that \"Dressy\" is a subcategory of dresses I just saw on a Web site. Dressy dresses. (Your other option: \"Casual\".)"
"Early submission deadline is this WEDNESDAY! www.ourcityfilmfestival.com"
"YAY!! Cant wait for 3/26/13 sea of monsters movie!!!!!!:D"
"Is a cure for aging near? Heard a morning show will talk about that on Tuesday morning (12-13-2011). Not sure which TV show, post if U no."
"Juliet didn't win. I'm gonna cry."
"Goodnight Farmers, come by tomorrow & say hello to your fellow Farm friends..& as a reminder, Grand Reserve Headband is BACK! Check it out.."
"yes is nasty he's on tweet deck"
"Mostly because your gorgeous."
"Jobs for entertainers and musicians on cruise ships!Not interested,but know someone who is? We'll pay you! www.MOneStudios.com"
"Page is done and awesome"
"Got a loaf in my hand while im cutting up the traffic laughin at u bumz while im pushing up my glasses"
": Berny and I have developed: Knife possessed by grade school teacher who's possessed by serial killer. Title: Circle of Knife."
"There's an app for 1 of the cutest picture books out there \"Press Here.\" CUTE!!!"
"Haha! RT : My jeans are mad skinny today. I hope I don't see any hot cougars"
"So excited for happy hour tonight I can barely contain my excitement!"
"What's today? What's today, you say? The day the fools come out to play? Oh right, so here in my warm bed I'll stay."
"My DREAM is For You to Follow ME ,iWas Part Of Making Yours Come True, Now Make Mine Come Truue <3 iLoveyou! ;D 2"
"Sounds delicious (and nutritious too!)! How exactly do you make carrot fries?"
"no reason for me to not tell truth. Just got a dog on the corner!"
"Canons of page construction No longer apply, the web is different thereis no fixed canvas in web design. Enter responsive web design."
"Bollox with a dash of bollix. All of the wisdom I hope to get from today. Hope there's a free spirit around with a sprinkling of experience."
"feels like Smoak's days with M's are numbered. hope I'm wrong."
"you will never find Jesus missing an opportunity to do good. Love and Blessings to you!!!! Your Sister in Christ, Camay"
"says he will get 1200 yards this year! I hope he gets more!!"
"Cold.. n sleepy.. but wide awake.. make since?"
"I wish we did! We are actually waiting for our license before we will be on tap anywhere but it's in the works..."
"Welcome to Twitter!"
"Here's my intro....\"Hi, I'm Dan. That is a lovely dress and great smile youre wearing. I look forward to talking to you more inside\""
"“: Kia spot was big. Will it move up fast? Buzzworthy? Brand that's loved enough to talk about? #brandbowl”"
"What do you want to be when u grow up"
"9 RT : how old are you?"
"Mobbing early in the morning"
"lmfao u gay hell and awww"
"A group of several people with camera phones are recording the Q&A session. Check Youtube later this evening."
"styluses ARE lame. Try finger painting 101."
"how would I solve that problem?! Be the doctor ???"
"Just had lunch with and the boys and now waiting for the cast and crew of to show up."
"I'm slowly getting stuff done today, but at least I'm doing it."
"Zols likes Punch in the TEETH!!!!!!!!!! Trust me,i went to college with him...... Big Daddy"
"Two ZOLTAN jersey sightings at Livestrong."
"Thank you for the mentions and retweets"
"what's your other option?"
"Watch “Basketball Wives” Season 4 Episode 1 (Season Premiere)"
"Bid on Game-Worn Warm-up Jerseys of & Ersan Ilyasova tonight Wives Save Lives Auction in East Lobby during the game!"
"now that's service!"
"Does anyone else here think that Blogger is a piece of junk? Or is it just me? Just sayin'."
"Thanks for the RT!!"
"I'm learning while observing."
"Telling a teenager the facts of life is like giving a fish a bath"
"OCLC's GLIMIR just may be what I've been dreaming of."
"And just like that Yankees lose. Well i know who i am blaming #Yankees fan,And i think this player need some extra work in the batting cage"
"My eyes. They burn!"
"I keep telling myself that I don't miss you and I don't love you. Hoping one day I'll believe it.."
"Whoa. is going downhill. My bill is wrong (again) second month in a row. I can't see any itemized billing online."
"at three, was when it started slipping away, though. At two, they let the Thunder get within 3. Could've made a play..."
"The season for \"NO\" excuses? Too many excuses by a bunch of bitches... Too bad they took the opportunities from someone else!"
"&#39;Scary Spice&#39; wants to become an Aussie"
"Gotta love the energy behind can't wait for the launch. Tweet us events to cross promote!"
"If you want to sound like you know what you're talking about, tweet about a striker's prime being at 29. CC"
"Nominations are still coming in for the Second Annual Art Awards at Art San Diego Contemporary Art Fair. Noms will be revealed next month :)"
"RT : Remarkable leaders are willing to look silly if it supports their team and their vision."
"The Praline Connection. It was pretty good!"
"\"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.\"~Thomas Edison 1847-1931, Invento"
"i speak my truth with compassion"
"get at me please. Need to setup interview. Thanks"
"The setlist for Saturday show has been one of our most internally debated, but we think we have a great one for ya portland"
"Hi JG Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact"
"The Sandlot on AMC! You bob for apples in the toilet, and you like it... YOU PLAY BALL LIKE A GIRL!!"
"Hey ive been wanting to come to one of ur concerts but idk when u would come to FL. Would love to meet u! I love ur songs!!"
"I FIGURED IT OUT!!!!! The \"Hahhhpah\" is Bryce Harper!!!"
"Great quote Sean! Dropping knowledge. “: stop complaining just a little bit less and start the quest on the road to success”"
"Truth be told I miss you.. Truth be told i'm lying"
"and make momentum changing plays and force #UofA to call a timeout. 19-14 Buffs."
"I am SO GLAD to hear we're helping people like this, but saddened that it's needed so near to home, ya know?"
"Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality; man, alone, can dream and make his dreams come true."
"Someone text me. Save me. Im at destinys and its awkward cuz her friend is here....... ~Devin.Anne<3"
"Good Morning --- Happy Easter (:"
"our bullpen isn't as strong as we thought it was"
"I just had a dinner party. I felt so grown up until I realized I didn't have enough plates or utensils."
"lol I don't know how many times I've gotten up and had someone request a seat change to my \"lucky\" seat"
"i hav 2 trucks 92 explorer w/ almost 200k and a 88 Dakota with 375k still chugging along"
"Improved lung-cancer screening by combining blood test with CT imaging"
". can't make it today, but he's here in spirit as the duke new music ensemble performs his piece \"jewel weed\"!"
"grilled fish tonight...simple with salt, pepper, butter (reduced white wine, butter & garlic) and minted peas. NZ sauvignon blanc- all good"
"you should check out"
"Uh oh, A&E is going to see that tweet and start developing Yard Sale Wars immediately!"
"Awake at an ungodly hour, trying to work out the kinks of 'transcendent interests' in Hobbes's Leviathan. Coffee will be my reward."
"I fix Mac computers. Will pick up and give a much smaller bill than the Apple store or any other \"name\" company in Philly."
"i wanna visit england so bad."
"Upcoming shows in 2012! Jan 9th at the Bitter End and Jan 25th at the Knitting Factory! two great showcases, I'll be singing new songs!"
"Access to an outlet is definitely a major status symbol. You win."
"sounds like an awesome way to spend a long weekend :)"
"a real track record on early childhood development. She knows budget is devastating for anyone who cares about kids."
"RT : I think maybe I'll try to get my next meet-and-greet sponsored by Purell."
"The more I look at your work, the more I like it... amazing color combinations, movement, energy... LOVE!"
"#NowPlaying Would You Go With Me - Josh Turner<3"
"A real woman avoids drama, she knows her time is precious and she's not wasting it on unimportant people or things. Thats the girl i want.\""
"LOL RT : Kobe has that \"I just murdered my entire team and you guys have no idea yet\" grin to his speech right now."
"Sippin on wine I'm fine, the music keeps me up all nite"
"holy shit... I'm having a major breakthrough with r. Omg I can't even."
"No video?"
"I got tickets. But standard so I'm not forced into a peg. Freebird."
"A buddy of mine just got his first smart phone. Said he doesn't want a twitter account. What's a smart phone for? hehe"
"''It aint my fault'' by was the shit back in the day!"
"\": got my iphone back , got my ipad tooken . FML!\">lawrdd , yu need to let me borrow ya ipad !!!"
"is bouncing today. :-)"
"Emma on avail for JC Penney national. Fingers crossed!"
"yea he got it bad! Saw it on that bryan stars interview and pictures"
"Unexpected right!?? THanks ;) RT love the looks! grey and yellow look really good together ^_^"
"Looks great."
"my apologies for phone experience, please DM acct# or phone+zip. i'll verify for you"
"Dealing with sufferers that make use of drugs also raises the risk of being exposed to communicable diseases"
"Am I the only leftist not that into DemocracyNow? It's a good news source, but I find it rather dull (side effect of cable-news watching?)"
"Leggo day at Mayfair! Trying to keep my composure! :D"
"Dentist! Let's hope this goes well!"
"I have the same convo all the time. \"Can I have your #?\" = \"May I cut you into tiny pieces & toss you in the Hudson?\""
"When I hear that Trumpet sound, i'm gonna rise right outta the ground..... Ain't No Grave can hold my body down...."
"It's okay, I'm definitely feeling that way today. x"
"chelle what's good girl?"
"Gotta get ghost on em"
"I bet we could get Morozov."
"good morning dam it's cold outside I. Did not know Florida was cold"
"That's what i'm saying. And to top it off, I was at Walmart.. Not surprising what so ever.."
"Happy May Day! :)"
"Yeah bitch i do this shit"
"Whatever you do, don't feed them!"
"Thats pathetic! Grow up"
"If you say \"Gullible\" slowly, it sounds like \"Oranges\".."
"Out of the gates running"
"project runway again?"
"Impractical jokers is back!"
"I'm sure it's been talked about but 6th-round pick WR Tommy Streeter did leave rookie camp early with a stomach bug."
"Excited to get in shape for 2012, and to share the Isagenix nutrition opportunity with others. Let's talk about health goals, people!"
"Okay, okay, I take it back! UnFuck you!"
"About to start conference at Quad"
"At both of my cousins graduation!!!:D lol"
"glad to know I got to her :)"
"It's basically the tone of most articles now. Saying that he is at most a gimmick for any other team."
"It's August! This is gonna be a big month for me; I'm turning 21, moving out of my parents' house, starting the 2nd half of college... eek!"
"Now watching funny clips of the Central Park sheep on EweTube."
"As the man ages, certain social and psychologic factors influence his sexual responsiveness."
"Come on and raise your glass for me"
"first bacon shakes,now compressed air that smells like fish. Do I wanna know what's next? Jk.."
"Save your #Titanic receipt at theNAT to get student price at UltraStar theaters’ #Titanic 3D movie."
"Are you ready for a heat wave? Come on down to the San Antonio Event Center Saturday & Sunday! Cars,bands, and tattoos!"
"Hi saw you tonight"
"“: I planned on going to bed early tonight... #fail” I could have told you that wasn't going to happen"
"My Hawaiian luau wedding reception countdown continues...10 days left until the party in Michigan!"
"being successful won't save yo soul"
"Bird-phoners: In honor of Audubon's b-day, the Audubon Birds app is on sale for iPhone or Android for 99 cents through Monday"
"need vacation now. so much to do. gotta work hard to play hard."
"Bitch suck dick"
"So deliriously tired you can't fall asleep..."
"Rob, thanks for following me!"
"“: Goodmorning... look at the Valedictorian, scared of the future while I hop in the.....”Delorean\""
"Hmm. When I hear the phrase \"undoing gender\" I think less of how we can make gender \"less relevant\" and more how to explode/expand it."
"Number of \"Wife's Lament\" papers I planned to hear: 3 Number I actually heard: 0 --le sigh--"
"s/o to Atlanta girls p.s stay trill"
"prince royce: this goes out to all those single moms, i feel you me: WHAT?! lmao"
"Sadly, Yes. We talked black men women relationships on July 4th. RT : is that the brother behind ActNow Foundation?"
"The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender."
"Mittens has taken off the mittens tonight"
"Why is rihanna in battleship? Her forehead is already big enough without them putting it on the bigscreen Sheesh"
"No adult supervision for me today! :)"
"Hopefully this is last time I have to have this surgery---although minor, still a big deal for a girl scared of needles--unless for ink, duh"
"Howard Stern is a no talent bum this whole thing is a sham AGT is a freak show for Simon to make money"
"Word. RT : If you fail to plan - then you should plan to fail."
"I hate coaching JV."
"Is it April 17th yet? New Schedule D reporting has been the bain of the season. All brokerage reporting not equal. Can you spell extension?"
"SOCCER! OMG!"
"Spring Forward Tonight!! Pace yourself in your partying tonight. Daylight Savings Time costs you a hour of sleep!"
"Awesome workout, Car wash and now open mic... Happy No Excuses Tuesday!"
"What about research network analysis?"
". just voted to protect tax breaks for big oil. Protest Brown's Big Oil Bailout TODAY, 4PM @ South Station"
"“: Aura Nightclub is set to party with ! Will you be there?” CINCO DE DRINKO!!!"
"#thatawkwardmoment when you get to western Rehersal 15 minutes early and your just sitting there awkwardly because your alone..."
"Lexington plays South Aiken there on Saturday in game 1 of march to Lower State Championship. #goWildcats!"
"Please pray for the physically, sexually, and emotionally abused to find healing in Jesus!!!"
"LMAO at \" #Spurs vs. Clerics\""
"going to sleep. love you all. night x"
"thanks so much for the follow! That price on our website is the sale price already but I have 30 others here that u can use on!"
"Why you postin' pics of my boo boo?!"
"Alex will be performing at the Theater for the New City (NYC) at the end of August 2011... More details to come soon..."
"it is pretty legit"
"Long day of filming wheelchair basketball ahead of me."
"I would be the offical LBJ bully my only job besides droppin 20-10 would be to push LBJ around."
"Some people have poor taste in bumper stickers."
"Your beautiful"
"totally appreciate the RT!"
"something ghoulish. a vampire or a zombie or a mummy.. or Frankenstein and his wife!"
"GOD IS GOOD <3"
"-- There weren't many options ..."
"one reason i hate school is because i miss austin's noon ustreams."
"“: Speak it into existence.......” Turkey club sandwich hold the bacon and an orange juice."
"Ms. Gibson's playing a song called \"doo doo brown\" lmfaooooo"
"Wish everything and everyone were still the same but shit i guess we gotta grow up some time."
"So what's your opinion? Who is going to make the final four on #TheVoice?"
"That donut was heaven in my mouth this morning. Thanks bby."
"#UWOTitans baseball vs. UW Platteville with myself and coming up at the top of the hour."
"I'm not calling you a ghost, just stop haunting me... And I love you so much, I'm gonna let you kill me."
"thank you mayors for defeating the gas tax. www.zanbeelart.com"
"I'm finally over him!\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah!\" \"Okay, want some chocolate?\" \"He likes chocolate...."
"Lean toward trusting rather than withholding trust."
"#NowPlaying Here to Stay by Love! <3"
"gahhhh I threw up"
"RT : I accept I have all I need to respond beautifully to life in this moment."
"it was a lot of fun :)"
"Info lit assessment: ask the right questions to get at learning not librarian performance."
"Listening to The Beach Boys station on pandora today in the salon. Nice way to kick off the week!"
"Maybe if i could stop thinking about how good things used to be, I might be able to have the strength to leave..--"
"After you've clicked \"open\" click \"details\" (I agree this is ridiculous)"
"Another pass offered 2 take my garm/bag on plane as his, was told that was not allowed! Was forced 2 cram suit, shirt, tie n small luggage.."
"I swooning like big time hahaha 😍"
"you all rock!!"
"Sorry for all those extra tweets...twitter must have had a couple already for #CincodeMayo.....not sure why it sent one tweet 10 times"
"Gen Next values: good parent, successful marriage, help others, own home, religion impt, high-paying career, free time, fame (Pew)"
"looks like the dbacks are winning!"
"laying in your own bed is the best feeling ever."
"Had dinner with two #BSPI members last night and met many people afterwards. Looking forward to today."
"Some folks ain't used to shit lol broadcasting what u have ain't cool it's middle school"
"u kno ima hold it down fa ya brutha, get ya rest fam n take it easy. Cant have u leave jus yet ha"
"Listen to me world ... I don't care what N Y does. Homosexual relationship are not right with God! Read your bibles. Prayin 4 out country."
"With that dumb shit u can miss me"
"Be on your guard stand firm in the faith; be courageous; be strong. Do everything in love. 1cor 16:13"
"Intelligence and hard work run in the family. Way to go! RT : I was inducted 2010 and my sister will be inducted this year. =)"
"I can feel myself losing it, going on 3 days without solid sleep."
"Have fun lol RT : Party at the Lowery house!!!!!!!"
"its about 100 degrees outside in Baltimore on of the staff here at the Star Spangled Banner Flag House gave a computer u bring outside.."
"❤❤❤RT : anyone want to grab some margs and start a life together tonight? Let me know!"
"Rep. Richards: \"I would not be proud of this budget.\""
"haha but its still laker nation"
"Are you replacing it with a new dslr?"
"Good job on the penalty kill"
"Watching the Meydan World Cup races at Dubai this morning"
"It sucks when you can't put effort into anyone else cause you have that one person still on your mind"
": Those are phenomenal posters"
"I had a great time at last night. I also got the opportunity to tell people about my \"Seasoned Gloves\" \"invention\""
"Rookie Of The Year and Backseat Goodbye at the American Legion on December 10th contact us for tickets."
"haha xDD I just a fatty just watching movies and eating Takis:3"
"Pilates today kicked my arse!"
"Joe is the best! Glad you guys could connect. Maybe I'll swing by after work tonight for a bite!"
"Every time I try to login to the Adobe site, it takes a half hour of \"I forgot my password\" rigamarole."
"Hot tea time and rest!"
"would you like to participate in a documentary about addiction"
"STAGE TUBE: Jaleel White Eliminated After Rumba 'Dance Duel' - Broadway World"
"Watching Swamp People! Such a funny but real show :-)"
"it's glorious"
"Kwantlen student turns chronic illness into community action - The Province (blog)"
"They are the designer Daleks. ;)"
"I'm sorry to say that it simply just does not work that way. Businesses and consumers are NOT going to conform to what you created"
"that worked. Interesting article. Thanks."
"1 true statement ... \"Business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.” thanks"
"Good start for , but gave up way too much at the end. Let's get a big 2nd half!"
"follow me and upon opening experience great espresso"
"good morning tweeple!!"
"Your girlfriend is rated \"E\" for Everyone."
"Bahahaha walked into the garage Seths bouncing to Taylorswift: ppl throw rocks at things that shine"
"How? He's been here for a long time with no post season production."
"lol That's what Vanessa said. We'll see I hate to call the cops and have it just be some loud ass mma wanna be's"
"Happy International Women's Day! Who has inspired you? The floor is open... #internationalwomensday #inspiring women"
"can't say just yet! We will be announcing May 7th! Stay tuned!"
"Tebben speaking. Multiple pathways. Framing a research agenda for continued improvement of learning."
"twitvid.com/RZVXZ - What? Get payed for Texting? has the story on Tonight @ 11 VIDEO"
"So I'm washing my face in the bathroom and out of no where my brother walks in and starts taking a shit.."
"It bothers me when my mom has conversations with her cat -___-"
"hope your back isn't too bad we got a game next tuesday. I don't want Jr in the outfield with me he can't catch!"
"Happy birthday Chulo!! Hope you have many many more!! #HappyBirthdayPrinceton <333"
"How did the 2-1 Rays-Red Sox game take longer than the 11-7 Twins-Tigers game?"
"7 likes baby. Tag us or share our page. Everything appreciated."
"Not sure who Tweeted it but awesome! \"Did Madonna just sing, \"I'm sixty and I know it.\""
"Congrats on having Shea being picked by the Beloved #Bears!"
"Such a lazy day, don't even feel like going to the gym."
"#oomf 's mom can get it ANY DAMN DAY"
"Too young for marriage, but too old for games."
"That's was up. Good stuff"
"I hope cums his pants on his movie date so his bitch can point and laugh at him >:) lmao"
"Looking forward to running the Foot Traffic Flat Half marathon on the 4th of July...anyone else?"
"i hear skillet is in bothell today."
"Kinda sucks when your idols start letting the fame & money go to their head."
"girlfriend what's going on..."
"My nigga man...I owe him a couple favors lol."
"Listen to us on Last.fm, Spotify, facebook, Reverb Nation, SoundCloud and Myspace!"
"I've read about him and DM'd him. He said he was working on English translations. He has a great voice."
"Ready to rock out with Manchester Orchestra, MCR and Blink-182!!"
"Happy Early Birthdayy!!:) My Birthday is April 24th<3 We have the same birthday month ;) Follow me??"
"\"Always read something that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.\" P. J. O'Rourke"
"i wanted youu but you chose her !"
"awww thanks! You gave me one! 😄😄😄"
"I just want to let u kno u confuse tha shit outta me wen I see ur Profile pic douche"
"got a little tour of today and didn't want to leave!"
"Where I want to be - watching win. Where I am - writing papers. Gahh 3 more weeks of class!"
"Is no answer better then a negative answer...?"
"I have 69 followers. Nobody else follow me, I am content where I am lol. Anymore followers and I will not be at 69 and laugh anymore."
"Treat me the way you expect to be treated"
"Glad to know we get to spend the last hour doing stupid shit just because you want to."
"However, the fact that I'm wearing rainbows just makes me feel better about today :p"
"At a conference on digital books, and panelists keep mentioning how much they love physical books."
"thank you, sir!"
"definitely died a little inside today !"
"at least 8. Keep it up you can do it"
"Just saw a Range Rover n a Lambo just getting Taco Bell"
"UNCC employees did not...yet."
"Who yep I just might have to get back on the imports"
"#AmberPortwood, \"Teen Mom\" on , is back in jail. Follow for updates."
"I read all types of fanfics. Mostly Justin Bieber ones since my account is all about him. I Co-own this account. But yeah."
"Excited to work with you."
"Make Mobile Cent$ this holiday season"
"We're having a cast/crew viewing party for on tomorrow, right? #nightoff?"
"there will prob. be a porno about this."
"Follow my boy Johnny"
"RIP Whitney Houston!"
"Shout out to my homeboy Andre Berto.He just walked in the ring Jaming to one of my favorite songs \"Turn My swag On\" by Soldier Boy"
"Omg i cant wait for hottie Smokin' Oakin' aka he is comin on Hannah Montana Forever"
"When the music shuts off , I turn it back on..."
"thank you thank you and back atcha"
"Albert Fish, Ed Gein, and Dr. Satan are highlighted... Lizzy Borden is also shown briefly"
"So many lives changed!! So many pounds lost and so many health improvements! This is just a few of the thousands of lives changed by..."
"There’s a lot of really, really boring stuff in the world. Dust bunnies. Status meetings. Tax forms. Flossing. How do you fascinate?"
"1k ante my bad"
"I just need someone to talk to. To just help me."
"So say goodbye, so close your eyes. Say goodbye, and close your eyes, tonight."
"Rent to Own the Hottest Electronics at the BEST prices at Buddy Rent to Own"
"Everyone #Follow for some good music"
"Daily Dose of Goodness: For once, take your horoscope seriously. Today, follow it to the letter."
"That awkward moment when you're in church and you find out your study hall teacher is your friend's grandfather"
"you definitely are the Twins Swiss army knife!"
"Happy Thursday! Go out and conquer some Dreams!"
"There's a twitter. Oh yea."
"My hips don't lie, and apparently my hips just welcomed a gay guy in a skirt to sit on my lap."
"\"The only reason your girlfriend even likes your dick, is because her mom told her to enjoy the little things in life.\""
"Play Blingo (Sticky Rice's Very Own Speed Bingo) TONIGHT | 11PM TILL CLOSING |"
"RT : Advertisers are abandoning Rush Limbaugh. Where will Summer's Eve find a spokesperson now?"
"Russians love me on Google+"
"Gas prices being what they are, the Barbie car felt irresponsible"
"Yes. I think the Knicks should trade him and build around Lin."
"Howdy! Just trying to stay positive on my end."
"so I hear."
"how do you know this? Were you one of the lucky ones to go?"
"Watching \"Taking Care: Family Textiles!\" Happy Preservation Week!"
"How are you my oh so lovely Canadian?? Long time no see!!! Hope you're doing great!!! Catch you later gorgeous :)"
"Someone took over the stage !!"
"Waiting for the bus after buying a hunk of fresh fish is stressful."
"mufuckas r dumb...."
"Had a great show at The Playground. Thanks"
"Thx push RT : Happy Mothers Day!!!"
"I'm unique, i'm different, i'm limited edition because there's only one of me in the middle of billion on this earth.\""
"There's already a database with some info on printers/publishers. can't remember name of it"
"haha ok I'll tweet you tomorrow:) goodnight"
"Looking forward to tonight's performance"
"just bought a pair of Tahari shoes :)"
"yeah ik :/ it blows"
"I already after eating that salad"
"its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 65"
"happy b-day bro!"
"KS/NH GOP - making docs lie to women is NOT rightous --Job 13:4, \"But ye are forgers of lies, ye are all physicians of no value.\""
"Maybe, but it's the funniest fucking failure of humanity eva."
"made my night.. ♥"
"got extrra faded yesterday !"
"no prob n cn we exchange numbers doe"
"We don't play till 10:40 so you beautiful people still have time to come hear the rock lords gospel. 1130 Buenos ave 92110."
"Biogenesis - Harmonic Science"
"Monk's!"
"weekend, weekdays, you name it! \" Great weekend in SF! Tons of plans and peeps to coordinate. Thanks !!!!\""
"Get these open looks to fall! They can't do everything for you!!"
"Someone must have HAD to know this."
"ahh finally on sirius radio :D this excites me!"
"Pulling some amazing pieces from Ellie La Velle today!"
"\"She reads romance novels, she doesn't even read read.\""
"Cool. Will have to try the voice recognition bit."
"These annoying girls tweet me every 5 seconds."
"Grey's just gets me. I love Meredith and Christina. And I adore Arizona. I will throw stuff. I'm serious. And I will cry hard."
"“: half way there just wish I could snap my fingers and it was all done and in the car!!” wish you were already here!"
"the CA state Supremes already boxed the governor's iffice in when Ahnold fumbled thru it"
"RT : Is this happy hour or is it Karma? >Like there's a difference? Happy hour is the Karma vector. Enjoy."
"Time for the move to first.. at least a few games a week."
"Girls know the lotion on your nightstand is not for your hands. They are choosing to overlook this."
"absolutely. Keep me posted?"
"Circle podcast from 2008 with and DJ Feva seriously making my Friday amazing right now."
"- Per a request, we need to check out the new show #Veep tonight in"
"ahaha yea which one you watching ?"
"I love the energy of OKC fans!! They be so hype!!"
"So smart. It amazes me sometimes"
"it was hilarious but I don't think they suck at acting I just think they should have had more lines"
"good morning my lovies, have a wonderful, blessed and amazing day today, love the Lord with all your heart and mind and lean not on ur own"
"Thanks for the RT."
"I miss you baby!"
"#AddHealth2Life Older adults are the fastest growing group on social networks! Social media is helping older adults stay socially connected!"
"Thanks for that. I do think books are wonderful, and obviously you agree. What kind of stuff do you write?"
"Watching \"Abduction:\" Where did this tool find such a nice train car? That's BS."
"I think you guys should come to a festival with Allegro dance company and perform."
"Starting a new side project today that hinges a major piece of functionality on x-direction scrolling. Cool or awful?"
"heading to #RBMS10 !!! watch out philly"
"Not that I'm lazy and I know I'd get bored but a summer of no work sounds awesome right now."
"omh lunch was so funny"
"SO cute!!! I'm loving her sandals!! I want some!! ;)"
"just had a great coffee talk with happy energy!"
"Just made it to #webwise before the hotel parking rate went up :). Everyone, I am impersonating"
"I don't have any clip-ons stock, but I DO make them. they sell so fast!!"
"And my mates are all there trying to calm me down, cause I'm screamin your name all over town."
"Getting my hair done today, WAY over due. Time for some pampering and beautifying. :)"
"don't look at me"
"When people are rude to you for no reason."
"Not receiving e-mail or messages on my Blackberry. Verizon customer service says that RIM is having network issues."
"I'm also gonna send Cassandra Clare a lot of hate letters xD hahahaha"
"Keith, start a website that FOLLOWS propaganda in this country. FollowTheLie.com or something"
"Passing the #CampingBan + killing #civilunions. Ugly day for equality/fairness in"
"So lets play doctor BAYB, we'll operate toDAY, can't wait to play our new cover on the 12th ;)"
"Ha, ha... me too! Then I wouldn't have gotten up at 4:45am!!"
"More pressure. More goals. Keep pushing. Finish them."
"Thanks! Fun post. I like to preach simple & direct words."
"TY for #following!"
"Thanks for the blog tweet! Happy #WriterWednesday!"
"The PPA is an organization fighting for the rights of all players to play. We honor their commitment & offer a different service to poker."
"It's been awhile since I have been able to sit back, relax and enjoy my Sunday evening. So nice to be done with my #jms481 #SLP!"
"Alternating between high-intensity and low-intensity cardio has been shown to torch more pounds."
"this is an awesome blog! Gr8 pts. 2 many get caught up in when the next meal is instead of allowing food 2 function as fuel"
"I come back to twitter, and I see people talking about Alex's crotch.....that must of been an interesting concert........"
"“: My sister is gonna live off my dad for the rest of her lifee lmaoooo” oh I'm tellin"
"For updates and pictures from the Nike unveiling in NYC follow"
"Anyime Curtis, Anytime!"
"well i dont have any names right off th bat. google it"
"LOL That tweet was meant to be more comical than your reaction. I am a big fan of the show, I was only kidding."
"I done watched this Jhene Aiko live performance video way too many times already"
"#Curiosity and #HillbillyHandfishin premiere in the same night?! , you're too good to me."
"#Taxes. Done."
"I think it's stupid that everyone in The Matrix has these cool monikers, but then I know everyone here by their twitter handle"
"yes, we know her."
"Since Louie and William say \"bong\" Me and Arii say \"get a job\""
"hey pastor Coco!!!! Your almost to 1000 followers :D"
"Yayaya finally got my new phone and I have twitter on it hehe, sorry im happy today has been such an amazing day! :). How was you day?"
"Good to know! Thanks for sharing.."
"So you're right, I truly struck gold!"
"#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 13"
"that's what I'm sayin!"
"I like Cheese on my Burger at the Same Damn Time"
"There is a really nice article about our reopening on the cover of today's American Israelite (and a cute photo of Werner!)."
"Go PUCK & #GoPuckYourself are trending!! Lmfao!! X\"D"
"Stupid Spam Emails >:-("
"Good Night and God Bless.. and remember... Your beautiful, don't let anyone tell you different. ♥"
"Thanks. Should be interesting nonetheless."
"Productive walk of shame"
"Definitely \"cookout\". The word \"picnic\" has such an ugly origin."
"Posted outside breeze hiring me"
"Anyone have a link to Bob & Jim's post-game show on FSW from Game 1?"
"Some of our employees can't make it into work this morning, so we will be closed until 5 pm. Stay safe and dry everybody!!"
"Inspiration is key to creativity"
"I sense some darkness with shades of light piercing through."
"haha i'm so confused!"
"RT : Get your FREE tea here! RT for a chance to win a free bag of Tiesta Tea"
"RT : That walk of shame when throw something in the trashcan...& miss. RT <been there!"
"How is Angie and the baby?"
"After judge's warning, homeless camp with TV, Christmas lights is taken apart - Kansas City Star Kansas City Star After judge 's warning, h"
"hahaha yeahh xDDD we should go swim in August's pool I think it's bigger than mine :D"
"I'm happy that is happy that I'm happy that is happy!"
"I've always wanted a waffle iron."
"Sleep or get ready for this test....."
"Who's signing up for the Chicago Half Marathon??? Let's get motivated!"
"Yes at dogwood dell. Saturday! RT : Arts in the park this weekend! Isn't that what it's called?"
"RT : Very happy to have a gas stove"
"O, another Twitter crusade Tweeps vs. Limbaugh advertisers...[RT to follow}"
"is it Alex Morgan?"
"tweeting lol bored"
"I might regret this, but all of the sudden in-camera digital B+W feels more fun than fiddling in RAW."
"Biking to work, grilling out & drinking beer for lunch on the roof on an 80 deg day in the middle of March in Wisconsin? Thanks Republicans!"
"Discussing whether is wearing a mock turtleneck in his profile pic."
"I went to three proms back in high school haha some kid I work with asked me to go with him"
"that's the one!"
"read it cost them $250K. Worth it."
"- students cannot develop the content of a subject matter that they need to learn. There lies the problem of your method."
"thats the way to take care of business."
"few are better to watch than #CaptainCally - great first period"
"Just in from Ukraine, jetlagged & bedraggled, but all the better for it. Friends, family, большой!!!"
"Katie likes the sound of kittens in love with alpacas."
"I miss kyanna :c Sigh"
"So they made a 20 foot musical score set piece?"
"If and when you're in #Vegas you must get to at | A property"
"haha, that's actually a good gift. I didn't know u we're so close to Napa!"
"Bass & drums recorded for new demo. Next up: Guitars!"
"iDefine has gone INTERNATIONAL! We've obtained our first sales out of both Japan and Australia!! Thanks for all the support."
"Celtics don't got it anymore the bulls run the.east when.drose healthful!!!"
"Just added to 2/12/12 reading: Mandy Kahn, who will read poetry & give us a teaser from her collaborative book Collage Culture."
"I keep on forgetting I have a cheap condo with my name on it in Florida through work. Who wants to go?"
"the one thing better then d!©k is new d!©k, how bout it:}"
"Feeling sick on Saturdays should be illegal... But then I'd be in jail... Never mind."
"Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 (Ben White) Full Stage with PA and Lights. 1115 Bastrop Hwy (183) Austin, TX 78702"
"RT : Shameless tonite! Who's ready???"
"My 3yo just informed me there's now a flower in my huge cup of coffee from the gas station.wondering, how much harm could a teeny flower do?"
"Never been to Sweden either. Much to see! We have islands on our agenda this year. Gotta love the beach!"
"You kinda did but it's okay.. RT : I Hope Don't Think I Abandoned Her. . ."
"How lucky we are to be so close to you. The aroma. The lift. The perfection. Ah."
"Happy new year from the ladies of BHBP! Start off 2012 fresh with a new piercing!"
"good nite twitter peps!!! rest well."
"Not allowed to play that song friday."
"Wha?! May have to claim wrist injury...."
"Starbucks + Internet + Music + Comfy bed = This is my Sunday. My life."
"getaway day is no excuse."
"when he was answering ?`s my internet went down then it came back when he performed his last song <3"
"- I'm doing good, how 'bout u? If your folks are looking for a great dealer of Rx drugs, my wife works at Thrifty White in RC!!"
"THEY DO WERE THEM JUST NOT ALL THE TIME LIKE CARLOS"
"After all you and I both know experiences also teach children. Tweet me anytime. Tweet! Tweet!"
"Anyone checkout the Catalina Film Festival this weekend?"
"You are welcome. :)"
"More like fuck you"
"Hour and a half of cardio, done. 30 min of strength training, done."
"I ain't nobody big yet"
"Patrick: \"Daddy, can a car go faster than a cheetah?\" Me: \"Absolutely.\" Thankfully, I still have ALL the answers to life's big questions."
"\" Chat with artist Kristin Lucas today noon, at 1100 East 5th."
"RT Perfect night to chill outside..I agree 100%"
"'s Tontlawald was magical -the blend of voices of the entire cast was mesmerizing"
"Happy first day of Spring! What's your favorite restaurant in #Chicago that has outdoor patio seating?"
"Ew, this nasty bitch is at the mall. Everyone can smell you, you fuck."
"Anything that builds awareness has to be good 4 them!..doubt they would have made Price is Right otherwise."
"K. Tie going into 10th. Bourn-f8 to ending the inning."
"How people now have stories that could be titled \"How I Lost my Sombrero\"?"
"Yeah, I'll be available in a few hours hopefully. :)"
"Well. I'll say this. I wouldn't come to Detroit expecting to fit into the community, so much as build the community!"
"I bet you were speeding out of Charm City after that loss."
"My dad needs to stop power washing right now!!! I'm going crazy!!!!"
"why thank you! :)"
"Was that a sponsored tweet?"
"\"Never make a decision when you're angry, and never make a promise when you're happy.\""
"when & where!?"
"Can you invoice one and not the other? Wouldn't that be like a donation unless you let it slide all around?"
"People really don't care what we give they watch how we live"
"Great Saturday Harry. Hope yours is the same."
"Being real is like being a lady... if you have to tell people you are... you aren't."
"Hi how are you, im hoping you will listen to this remix we did of Thugman Ft. Missy.. We are The Orphanz and if you google us you check it."
"Who do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?~George Eliot"
"Wtf pirates. You suck"
"i'm BACK! ;) how are you?"
"o its a way the batman mythos can last forever. Make the mini a mystery with that outcome."
"We have fun. :)"
"What the hell is that? lol"
"Legos never get old."
"So ... How's everyone doing today?"
"I just realized that lol people already took te name that I wanted. Imma change it again lol"
"\" Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. \" - Dwight D. Eisenhower"
"Only thing I'll \"miss\" about Tiger Spot is seeing it demolished. What a huge zit on the face of Lowry Mall."
"butt tub"
"that's so exciting!! Pop! Pop!"
"Pts for best food truck name go to Haulin Balls food truck serving the hippest meatballs"
"Thanks for the RT."
"higher demand, means higher price points. We can balance the sneaker market by withholding our buying power"
"going to try & attempt to see today at the Tribeca Film Festival. hopefully, this will be successful. (': x"
"call me when u go to joes me n erin will be in lv ya dig"
"\"It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men.\" Frederick Douglass"
"you're an odd odd person...."
"ill be back May 1st then its READY SET GO"
"What would you guys like us to talk about in the Documentary?"
"time to ask for follow backs heck yahh:)"
"Just heard about the \"birther\" conspiracy theory. OMG WTF people? Almost as bad as Clinton impeachment. But hasn't hit Congress yet. Phew."
"Got told my ego was showing,so I zipped up my fly."
"BOOKED a supporting role as a Hotel Manager in the Indie Short Film, BODY LANGUAGES, produced by Red Tail Filmworks/Directed by Don Forcer"
"“: 40 yo momma still play wit remote control cars?” Lmao. Chill.."
"Smokin' Hot Lineup!"
"Real nigga real problems"
"Thanks for the RT! Happy Friday!"
"How the fuck can you leave Carrick out of the team!! Are you fucking blind!! Hope you get spanked in the group stages!"
"NEVER trust a man wearing adidas warm up pants and a leather jacket."
"This tweet can stand alone without referencing the first one! (Might come in handy in quite a few contexts.)"
"What's wrong with broad shoulders on ladies?"
"I got some suggestions"
"You're welcome so what's up?"
"back in NYC!!"
"Angled parking on the 3200 blk of Toone St (@ Canton Dog Park) is complete. Caution: the block is now 1-way eastbound; access from East Ave."
"are you talking about that porn you made, \"Tosh Spice Gets Ripped\" because that I really wanna see."
"Check out the nuts on that Chesapeake Bay Retriever. I can see why they are such a family dog now."
"Working out with Megan = success :)"
"Well Joby we already know he bit off yours :p"
"hey you're welcome - hope you're having an awesome weekend."
"That's the right kind of mentality! RT : Home again. Time to start planning for the next Hawaii vacation"
"Sleeping in my cave. Will awaken and stomp my way over to tonight."
"Hope you like it! If not, hope it makes someone some decent martinis! ;)"
"Diamond you on here? Why you not dm me back?"
"can't wait!"
"Yes, exactly! Nice to \"meet\" you, too."
"I advise you to say your dream is possible and then overcome all inconveniences. ~ Les Brown"
"everyday we hustling"
"I like twitter profile: \"Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to inspire them.\""
"There's also one on broad near chucky cheez RT : #RVA great #restaurant ... Chicken Fiesta on Midlo Tnpk by State Police HQ"
"will be undergoing a renovation. Renovations will include a redesign of the lobby, restaurant, and guestrooms."
"Getting home from school past 9 is the worst...especially because thats when I like to go to sleep :("
"Well, industry has a weaker overall defense (noncommercial edu use significant) so might be hard to maintain united front there."
"I'm always up 4 a laugh!!! Next game, um??? Tic tax toe~~~~I'm the X & ur the O~that'll go on forever!!! Lmfao;D hugs & kisses!!"
"#Np Gotta Be - Jagged Edge (:"
"#5Words Ask Answer Educate Empower Change"
"What's your favorite thing to do @ Daytona Beach Kennel Club & Poker Room? Watch the pups race & grab dinner? Play a poker game? Simulcast?"
"I just signed up. I like Node a lot when it's the right tool for the job. You should go. And too."
"SUNIFY PLAYLIST #8: Country Music for Non-Country Music Fans"
"ha , me either ! i just wing it (;"
"Wow this is crazy"
"\": Oh Kathy, that sucker was licked up 5 minutes after I got it! ;) Had a blast with you!!!\" LOL!! you too :)"
"Craving french onion soup lol and I fucking hate onions"
"Hubby irritated... and so am I?!"
"you can still tweet him he will see the @ reply"
"Okay then... we need to coordinate our calendars and sign up officially!"
"are you really pregnant with twins again??? I'm praying for you girl!"
"Hm I don't give a fuck tho !"
"And let's not forget your bullshit excuses when you see another guy's dick.."
"All candidate said they would be police commissioner"
"they are pathetic. But that doesn't take away from their entertainment value haha they piss me off but I always watch!! Shame lol"
"I feel so sick today"
"hi John, are you and/or Steven going to CAA in Southampton?"
"Good luck to all the CCB dancers at the United States Dance Championships!"
"can u follow me?:D"
"Subaru Announces PUMA® as New Team Sponsor for Three-car Global RallyCross Championship Program."
"SO IMPRESSED!"
"I'm over the expirament"
"congrats & bless! :)"
"am glad you made it to the finale, you were and still are the strongest dancer of all time! Remember that!! :D<3"
"Really there is no one \"New Mexico\"—there are as many as there are people—every one unique—shaped by memory, worldview, hopes, and plans."
"You should have heard the room oh and ah when brought her new baby in."
"THANKS! I haven't had a chance to respond yet (work is crazy; maybe before my lunch is up?)."
"Fuckin Your Ex Is Cool...Sometimes"
"Rachel : \"Imagine a President Rick Santorum...\" Me: \"uh, no.\""
"thanks! Remember that party in kindergarten u helped with lol"
"Its about time for Kobe to rape another woman!"
"Great read. \"In What Other Profession....\""
"it's going to be a process of making designers more integral to the whole process (not there just to observe)"
"and seems to me that is repeating the narrative of \"community decline\" -- the ur-narrative of sociology."
"Soo excited to discover all the exciting plans God has for me:)"
"I can't wait for my peoples to get drunk and drop food on Thanksgiving!!!!"
"aww thanks lol.I like want to thank you like for telling me happy birthday like today hahahahahaha"
"im bout to get me a new dj"
"Portlandia makes me want to move to Portland"
"Aww, I like her!"
"Will have to get to my coffee after my exam..."
"Masquerade Ball 2 | Noche de Pecados 2| BiGGie's Birthday Bash! Hope everyone is ready for tonight, because I am, See u there!"
"Haddonfield Beats Haddon Heights Haddonfield running back Chris Dengler and quarterback Dan Ciemniecki talk about the win."
"biking riding"
"Sounds like my house! Hope they get some sleep. Then you do."
"Hunting Season opens this weekend. Come to the gun show Sat and Sun"
"hm I believe you still owe me a follow....by the way Good Luck tonight! :)"
"Cant put down catching fire"
"haha you can learn a lot about a person during lunch time"
"dont be predictable......i knew i was gonna say that"
"ShoutOut to the Bro !!"
"jammin' some metro station"
"Gym time, time to work hard"
"A crisp, cold day in Nashville...I love it...but where's the snow? We need at least ONE GREAT SNOWFALL this season.."
"Why are we more excited when a person RT's us but not as excited for God to speak to us"
"imma kill you"
"Sit down to do homework...Open facebook. Actually start on homework 2 hours later."
"It's nice when others think you are great but much more important is to know you are special unique&wonderful regardless what THEY think!"
"nope just the local then the LP."
"“Appreciation is an excellent thing. It makes what is excellent in others belong to us, as well.” -Voltaire"
"House of Blues!!!!"
"please let me know what the vet says Tracy"
"It's almost 5 a.m. and I'm still in the process of brainwashing my desktop. I feel like I'm putting an old, faithful collie to sleep."
"Travel agents don't miss out....10% commission on all rentals booked with us!"
"lmao, you should deff like sit in the front seat and give me directions and what not (;"
"will do."
"Awesome! Can you get me the details or Sterling's contact info? Then I'll get it to my client's niece who lives over there!"
"no problem"
"Lunchables are the only thing getting me through this week."
"I think that depends on what kind of story you want to tell. Is it going to be sort of an over-the-top melodrama, or more..."
"June is good except wknd of 7th. NetRoots Nation."
"Welcome to facebook. I don't care for it much either but it helps me keep an eye on my girls :)"
"I keep my swagg on a million & get tatted by dennis #SBCDAT !"
"is scrappy and determined. if nothing else he has that going for him."
"#DoNotBotherme if i am singing a song! That i like!"
"Boof! You got it, girl. DM us your address and number for your ticket."
"I feel u bro!"
"for what it's worth, I regularly click on your emails to donate only to realize you don't take paypal & my wallet isn't w/ me."
"Hey Wes, glad to connect! If you have any feedback on our video series, we'd love to hear it. :-)"
"If main storm mode continues to point south of SW and SC WI thru Wednesday, might have to wait until the weekend for benefical rain chances"
"Back to school tomorrow °∇°"
"in the email you'll see where I fucked up haha"
"Let it be known kobe is the best we have seen since mj. Period. Any questions?"
"Yuppers! :) RT : Angela \"I only cheer for Georgia sports teams during playoffs or bowl games\" Hong"
"we held our opening reception this past Sunday :)"
"Time for bed long day ahead of me"
"what is your opinion of Michael Saunders hitting 2nd in the lineup?"
"Meeting with Twitter's head of communications in a minute. What would you ask her?"
"Oh No!!! Apple just announced that Steve Jobs has resigned as CEO effective immediately...I hope it's not due to his health"
"Amen for Kendra and Chris Boone's genetic makeup they so lovingly passed on to us..."
"no problem. want me to write the proposal too?"
"Watching my future ex-husband on Fairly Legal...I don't think he could be any hotter. Love this show <3"
"In my new interview with John Wood, he critiques low-residency MFAs, praises #JulianAssange, and refutes history."
"he's gonna be depressed for life.."
"always free food as drinks!"
"sorry missed your tweet, I fell asleep, ttyt"
"it looks like something straight out of a Dr Seuss book."
"Intrigued by diigo. Has anyone used diigo educator accounts to facilitate class sharing of links?"
"so sorry for what u & Maya went thru today! Glad she's ok!!!"
"Yet again blazer tix up for grabs !! I have a party to go to this time or I'd go some one make me an offer!!!!!!!! Please"
"I'm thinkin I want a Kenan & Kel box set for Christmas. It's just around the corner, so if you see one...Holla at me! - Wes"
"Ok History Department, Laser Tag Friday Nov. 18th. We need 2 build a dynasty like Seal Team 6 and beat the Anthrop department. R U with me?"
"Listening to rough mixes of the album right now!"
"perfect! And then when you get here, then what?"
"observation: appears that very few GOP reps from greater MN will vote 'nay' on the Vikings bill"
"RT : read with your child Tips for inspiring young readers: By (ARA) (ARA) - It's never too early - or too late - to ......"
"Congrats to , head of Ford grantee , who Time has named one of the 100 most influential people in the world."
"NOTHING lasts forever"
"Can't even put it into words how touched I by everyone who was a part of my Father in Law's cancer benefit! Over 5K raised!"
"I got My Week With Marilyn Today"
"#Celtics is about to Show #OKC that they aren't the only team in the playoffs that can kill another team. By 20 or more."
"Party tonight house this is not a joke this time, please text me or him before tho."
"I need to do more tests with conditional loading of JavaScrit and CSS based on device and content."
"I'm not complaining! Ha continue as normal (:"
"MY BOY ROCKY LAYETH THE SMACKETH DOWN ON MIZZ N TRUTH... JOHN CENAZ LADYZ PARTS NOW TRENDING WORLDWIDE LMAO"
"you will get both!!!"
"Did you know: Barry Bonds' 73 home runs are the record for home runs in a team's first 162 games?!"
"I need an exotic vacation... so I'm thinking to the middle east!!! perhaps Dubai"
"awesome! You should! :)"
"Thank you, Shelby. But, it's the students who are inspiring, I just try to tell their stories."
"I am good just been busy!!"
"I know but still"
"The karma of fucking over a good woman, is the bitch u end up with"
"We believe in life, liberty and the pursuit of chocolate. Treats from across America: 2 Chicks, Jers, MarieBelle, NibMor & Toffee Taboo."
"Audrey Mabrey, nearly burned to death after her husband Christopher Hanney set her on fire, says at his sentencing \"I have forgiven Chris.\""
"What do you think of the new single \"Dance Again\" - we're playing every hour today! Tune in!"
"Back at work. Happy happy joy joy."
"Breaking news: POTUS Obama to endorse same sex marriage today. Civil rights making progress!!"
"#DBoys using Trapstarz, Inc. are not #DBoys anymore they are #BusinessOwners now and the House and Rolls Royce Phantom is accounted for!"
"i really hate \"no problem\" instead of \"you're welcome.\" i know it's not a problem--it's part of your job."
"Bear, ball, duck, dog, cat."
"Started with Jenn and she and I go at night too :-)"
"both were for the dog actually."
"What?? RT ENGLISH MOTHERFUCKER, DO YOU SPEAK IT?"
"That's awesome! I know what it's like to pine for a dream doll! :D"
"Finally done skiing with my bros at keystone. Extremely tired but it's been a blast."
"Having so much fun with my girl and Alexandra (: I wish you were here :/"
"Pissed off at myself .."
"Sporting Intervention. Not as cool as Sporting Innovation."
"Thanks for the follow. I really appreciate this"
"oh Justin what u do to us! ;)"
"Thank you sir! Can I please see your face soon? How is my baby Bruiser?"
"Special shoutout to for Re-Tweeting our funding post. You are AWESOME!!!!"
"i hate that i forgive so easily!"
"Get her wet"
"Idk if I'm ready for this!! But I have missed everyone! Kennywood here I come"
"Awesome #Milwaukee, Drink this NYE & DON'T worry about drivin..A is offering a free ride & tow home, call 1-800-222-4357 (1-800-A-HELP)"
"I'm pretty sure Great Britain has a JC to join"
"#Globalwarming on agenda at my Rotary Club lunch this week. Speaker is outstanding, but some rumbles from members about \"hoax,\" etc. We'll c"
"dear wp plugin devs who use echo and document.write for scripts and styles - you suck and i hate you. get it right."
"Pgh debut of Scratch 59, Mighty Moose Mild, will be next wed during our beer pairing. Plenty of Tickets still available!"
"Can you keep it down? I'm watching Hot Tub Time Machine."
"\"Every book is a new journey. I never felt I was an expert on a subject as I embarked on a project. \"-David McCullough"
"android? RT : My phone has converted into a remote thanks to the AT&T u-verse app, it's the little things folks!"
"I was plannin on seeing and to all play tonight to get ideas for my song and now i cant because of the rain"
"No kidding! Patrick came into the math program with me, in a class of four students that year."
"- Love is UNCONDITIONAL. Love is KIND. Love is PATIENCE. Goodnight to u and sweet dreams. :-)"
"ill dm him and help your dream if thats ok!!:D"
"In my spare time I like to make Mahomies mad at me. It's always fun to see them backstab me."
"yes hopefully :)"
"Driving to Mustang Island, TX. Show at Cinnamon Shore at sunset."
"I laughed WAY too hard at this hahahaha"
"Kamaki needs to stop looking at us... Why does it matter when girls tweet... Thats just what we do !"
"Whats Up Its been a while since I been On Hmu!!! Life Has Been A rRollerCoaster Ride Lately"
"wow! What's wrong friend! U illn!"
"I love DJ'n at the club on the weekends when the youngins come out and get shitty! I hate working during the week for these pathetic fucks!"
"OMG FOLLOW"
"at the verizon center watching raw live!"
"you seem to be pretty close with hmm... interesting ;)"
"Hm! My experience is exactly the reverse. I get exposed to a wider range of folks (for better & worse) on T, but more depth on FB."
"Gun Owners Action League rep on 2day trying 2 make case prop MA Common Defense Law diff frm FL Stand Your Grnd"
"Have I ever introduced you two? You have many interests in common, & I suspect you might collab on insulin data stuff."
"CUNT. CUNT. CUNT. CUNT. I JUST WANT TO LEAVE FOR WORK ALREADY."
"MAVS fans wish you a speedy recovery, Lam!"
". He doesn't want to wrestle against blog features, like chronological posts, sidebars, banner headers. He wants a simple +"
"Cynicism is sanity"
"My..My...My...Truth may cut...but redemptive truth also heals...I feel my help coming...thanks for that doc..."
"the islanders"
"I think its time to let him know whats upp."
"I see, hows your summer been?"
"And all of a sudden Tim Thomas is trending on About 90% of it is linked to Pitt fans, political references and Peggy jokes."
"now has 10 text messages that he cannot read."
"The Raider I hated the most is Lester the molester Hayes for cocky attitude and dirty play"
"I'm going to regret staying up this late in the morning."
"Yes colds work great for the \"froggy\" jobs! Ha! Glad you are doing better!"
"RT : you coming to bvu lunch & learn tomorrow? --> Sorry. No can do, BIG prospect meeting."
"nahh I won't be upset. Its quite funny. Just keep the shit off the net lmao!!!!!"
"I don't like him anymore. I used to before he put out Rolling Papers. He just turned into a pop moron."
"What did the deer say after he left the gay bar? \"I can't believe I just blew 50 bucks in there!\""
"the portion of the male population actually having sex would appreciate it you stopped talking about this issue. Thanks"
"Bring the whole family to this December for Holiday Pops - tickets are on sale today: www.bostonpops.org"
"Wow. Our tax situation kind of sucks this year. Need to do a better job balancing it out next year."
"um, I did not know it was going to snow/sleet today- when did the forecast change from 40*F and rainy to wintery, inclement conditions?"
"Happy 4th every1! Def blessed to be an American!"
"your voice was the soundtrack of my summer*"
"Good first performance tonight!! Thanks to for coming even though I didn't get to see you! :)"
"Recording soon....can't wait to have something crispy for you to pour milk on"
"at last game of season and hoping Wild can manage a 3rd period comeback after going down 4-1"
"and more 1960’s stop “The incarceration of the black man by the white man for selling drugs to the white man's children (s)”"
"Fuck them lames, keep it motherfuckin . . G"
"A drop in the ocean A change in the weather I was praying that you and me might end up together"
"Impressed that the debate is televised featuring ASL interpreter. In related news, who is EPN's hair stylist?"
"hope you had fun tonight!"
"#SomeoneIWantToMeet i'd have to say it'd be.... nicki minaj. i love her more than anything."
"ahh! i got Breaking Dawn! i love this movie! <33"
"there food can get cheaper?"
"yuck & yes RT 2 weeks & no response from any1 else hate horrible customer service?"
"How come when you hear about what ppl said about you, you never hear it from the person who said it????"
"but my manager wont let me he says its a stupid idea"
"People really believe life is promised to you \"forever\".Remember ur body is being loaned to you until god collects it.Make do of your life."
"indonesia robusta make me feel nausea although it is inexpensive and has no silver skin."
"I have been wondering around my house stroking my cock as I'm doing chores. Now I'm hella horny!!"
"Back at it after a 4-day weekend and bringing muggy weather back as well. No rain expected but steamy in the east county; highs in the 90s."
"Thanks for following me, I hope you enjoy my work"
"Celebrating 101 Years of Achievement! Happy Founders Day to All The Brothers of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc. !"
"good way to live."
"Winston Churchill references throughout my day, but, oddly, I haven't seen a single baby."
"Tomorrow is our own Linda Lee's birthday -- we almost lost her recently so it's really time to celebrate her!"
"Need a reliable service for printing business cards, brochures, postcards, etc? DanceFit <3s"
"The weekend goes by fast, every time. Enjoying the rest of this lazy Sunday. Hope everyone else is too!"
"No he's here with me :)"
"We set out to make #CouncilDistrictsMaps selection an #openprocess. Encourage Detroiters to attend final mtg at 7pm."
"omg omg omg I know I can't wait!!!!! B&ICT is my life 😍😍😍 I'm glad they're gonna start filming soon, I didn't know that!"
"2mi @ 8:27/mi. Not too bad considering my two-month layoff."
"Just a bit! Haha... still not totally comprehending this.. =P"
"meh, the AppKit team has been doing that since before Xcode"
"So glad to finally be home after a week-long conference! Have been thinking about my comfy bed all day!"
"Wow RT : \"Watch who you invest your time in, some of the people your heart would die for, have plans on killing your spirit\""
"watching your first episode of Six Feet Under. Your character was so awesome!"
"I am so sick of being SICK!"
"Word of the Day: Fun"
"I have no idea what went down from 1 am to 6. But im ok with it"
"like shut up your life isn't over b/c your friend is mad at you"
"Not sure if liking a sad facebook status shows support. Or if it makes me like it."
"Argentine tango USA championship off to a good start yesterday with , and their partners. Good luck today, guys!"
"Happy is as happy does...Happy Happy Friday!"
"can't wait to drink your creations!"
"I'm wearing a hat. It's an imaginary hat. It's the color of comfort and scented with lavender."
"Launched new Storyopolis Entertainment web site."
"I hate when that happens. Happens 2 me everyday, everywhere I go RT : Headed to class...far more traffic than normal. No Bueno"
"Last week of summer. -____- It was fun, I really need to get more siked for school. :/."
"no but would have cleaned it out"
"But yeah, seriously, thanks."
"I wish I could give the world one giant chill pill"
"With rain like this, it's often difficult to detect water leaks. If you suspect a leak or are out of water, call us ASAP at 1-800-685-8660."
"Looking forward to the extreme amounts of ridicule I'm going to get for not knowing who Joe Paterno is."
"he had hunting magazine and seemed to be staring at me the whole flight"
"#nowplaying PXY Summer Jam Superstars Chiddy Bang - \"Mind Your Manners\" - 'cuz they pretty much amazinnnnnn..."
"It is better to give than to receive."
"Here is a question for you to ponder... What would it take to multiply YOU, especially if you are the greatest asset to the organization."
"I want an android this time."
"make it happen and when do you guys and go back? when do you get back?"
"im pushing through to a new level.. it feels good.."
"Yesterday's sessions should be up by the end of the day today and today's sessions should be up tomorrow, as per Susan)"
"reminds me of nyc pod hotel"
"It's our last day of school. Me dancing around the kitchen is goin' down in 3...2...1..."
"\"We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.\""
"it's not exactly loneliness."
"I can always tell when you draw with your iPad"
"\": So follow me and when u do I will follow you ;-) follow me I follow back\""
"the Twinkie 2?"
"The Corbomite Maneuver is far from perfect or even great, but as a pure distillation of #StarTrek it's hard to top. 1/2"
"SECRET SHOW w/ begins in about an hour! Head to !"
"Niggas in paris #TUNE!"
"In #Avengers #162, the captured Wasp is nude. Her private parts concealed by bars. Her nudity makes sense in the story."
"RT : Never assume someone likes you for their sweetness. Sometimes, you’re just an option when they’re bored."
"Hey, the moon has water. NASA said so and they don't lie. Let's throw the orbital tea into a lunar sea"
"Be nice to see yall festival again. You killed it a few years ago! Hope all is well and keep rockin"
"WHY FOR THE LOVE OF GOD IS BATTIER ON MELO?"
"Ok before i get off, i just have to say, your tweets are very inspiring and i LOVE them! i was just reading them and...wow!"
"Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. ----- Jim Rohn"
"hey i had one today too!! except it was only like 30 min"
"Mowtown is Growtown. Where you grow your mind and spirit."
"np. Let me know if you guys need anything or if u have any topic u want to touch on tonight."
"Dinner time a Social House in Las Vegas City Center."
"Pretty sure three of my classes next semester are gonna have like 5-10 people in it."
"thanks! it's been a fun project to have on the list"
"If you weren't a singer/acress, what would you be? NOTICE ME! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH<33"
"#PrettyLittleLiars comes back in exactly a month! yay!"
"My life is a fucking blast omg the stories I will tell, at least the ones I remember, when I get older..."
"Along with cotton, tobacco/coca/alcohol are linked to the institution of slavery & the violent expansionism of US imperialism."
"Thank you so much for the #FF love."
"me too - but not for another 10 hrs. Enjpy the weekend Ray!"
"Thanks, guys!"
"SueAnn doesn't think Ryan Gossling is cute. I'm not sure she's a women now."
"What are the nutrients in a piranhas diet?: Hey answer…ers? I really need some quick info. What are the nutrients in a piranhas diet?..."
"I really hope the #RedSox can fix their bullpen...they do that and this team WILL make the playoffs"
"Oh great being transferred for the fourth time. -_-"
"setting muhh alarm:) makin sure I get my presents early:) yeah buddy:) hmu Santa:)"
"btw, love the show! Keep up the good work!"
"Hand started to feel better today. Played my horn a bit, n the pain started back up. Waiting to see if the cortisone injection will help. :)"
"RT 6 for $5 burgers again thanks to the Brew Crew! Stop in before midnight (tonight) to get the deal!"
"Never was one to think long term until now. That's not to say I never thought about it but.... Just not like this. I need a life. I need"
"The NBA really runs Twitter"
"Woke up late for work. Got pulled over on the way to work. Friday can't get here fast enough"
"I go. RETWEET if u go too."
"#BeTheOne~Respected~when you care about being liked UR willing to compromise on beliefs & convictions & don't stand for anything"
"You really should see Armitage Gone! Dance at MCA tonight. But accept the earplugs distributed at the door."
"yes. if i lose my job id like 2 move east. have lots of family there. philly or m/b nyc"
"Be on the lookout at 3pm today for another Dell Residence Renovation Aftershock instant winner. It could be you!"
"I'm sure Scooter will be willing to debate. As long as it can be on Skype so as not to interrupt his out-of-state fundraising."
"So happy that one of my favorite Albums of ALL Time is finally being re-issued on Vinyl!!"
"I hope the legs are ready to handle a full day of skiing, can't wait to explore Revelstoke Mountain!!"
"I'm so ready for this week to be over ..."
"Good morning Beauties! Keep your mistakes and failures in perspective as you try to move forward. Have a wonderful day!"
"Last minute midterm curveball: oh, btw, I've changed the format and it's only 10 questions."
"Merry Christmas all you tweeters!..I PRAY THAT THIS NEW YEAR WILL BE A GREAT ONE FOR YOU ALL!"
"took me a few reads, but I just got your"
"I just saw a book at the thrift store of setlists at Grateful Dead concerts. It was a well-worn volume. I passed on it."
"Good shit Pacers!"
"When a girl asks where u got you weave and you respond...Its best you snatch that shit out the same time...Cause tmr you'll have a twin"
"Thanks for the suggestion! We'll definitely keep it in mind!"
"Inpatient surgery. Not fun. But I'll survive. I hope things are going well for you too!"
"Dont you thing if we were going to invent time travel someone would have came back and told us by now?(:"
"wrote you a letter & delivered it today for you to read! Lets stop bullying so ALL kids can feel safe & happy."
"Little known fact: heels help in bowling! ;-) RT‏ If you wear spiked heels to Southport Lanes , take it down a notch."
"So very happy to read that The Artist took home the top award. I haven't seen the movie but am looking forward to the DVD!"
"my bdayysss on may 14th !!! :D"
"I was trying to think outside the box for Mother's Day gifts but...I got nothin'."
"Another dank day in Las Vegas"
"just FYI, Asante, I wish you were still pulling down ints for coach Reid… sucks."
"The simplest ideas are the best ones."
"When People Take My Shit Before Asking"
"Lol I miss him too I ct wait to see him at the wedsding lol lexis looks good wit curl hair"
"i'm totally bummed. i could only get together about $250"
"pretty much looks like my labtop is broken... ugh hml :("
"where can i go watch the fight"
"I swear this oath: my summer will revolve around the # of shows we can see and the # of people from familia we can meet."
"FUCK YEA!! GIANTS WON!"
"Headed to the auto show been a long time looking at the future garage lol!!!"
"Watch for bad apples: slackers, jerks and pessimists"
"Jim Carey turns 50 today."
"I'll get down there soon, just not tonight. :("
"Today's Quote: \"It's not easy being a mother. If it were easy, fathers would do it.\" - The Golden Girls"
"Another #graphicdesign accomplishment. postcards! :)"
"we are not the same i am a martian"
"Mini concerts happening all over town, anyone else wanna host us?"
"Best inning ever!"
"I'm glad to know! Have fun with your fam in Palmdale! I'm doing great as well :) Looking forward for a #Dodgers win tonight!"
"Uncovering the roots of bitterness and shame is hard to do. But it is a necessary step for you as you move to"
"At the gate ready to board. Flight leaves at 720. All of our seats are scattered. Tired ha. Getting excited."
"Now thats an album worth having!"
"the perfect combination of excitement and insult!!"
"Don't let your favorite rapper & celebrity negatively influence your actions,Let your actions positively influence those who look up to you."
"most assuredly"
"the things puberty can do to a person. haha"
"that smile♥"
"I'm gonna be so mad if it goes threw!"
"Also a potential timely update to the classic GNR song \"Night Train\" I'M ON A CAIN TRAIN ! READY TO CRASH AND BURN, I NEVER LEARN"
"thanks for the shoutout :)"
"Uggggg! Sisters! They make me so mad sometimes! Its their fault their so tired because they chose to wake up so stinkin early!"
"Hey! What's going?"
"Of course! What's a workday without fun thinking through possibilities? It's always an adventure."
"Indians/Jays game heads into the 13th inning"
"Every child deserves a chance at a life filled with love, laughter, friends and family. - -Marlo Thomas"
"rt Um, Barnes & Noble? If you look at the facts you'll see that Sarah Palin's book is a bit more than just '40% Off.'"
"Kennard, Nadzam Named to SEC Community Service Team: Kennard was a volunteer at the Ronald McDonald House, Club 3:16 and Lake Pointe ..."
"Last day to get our 99 problems t-shirt at the pre-order price from TuesdayTees.com!"
"RT : Biggest lesson a person can learn is to let stuff go<thats what she said..lol"
"Just watch my first kenetiscope at Museum of moving image"
"i'll take the spider over the snake anyday Bill!"
"Just had a blast sitting in on podcast with Matthew Bassette. A Browns fan & a Steelers fan talkin' AFC North football."
"#ColumbusCrew man! Closest team we have. Gotta support the"
"Oh thank God."
"Just tell them I'm waiting. And I will not give them any more mercy than I give Walker. He needs to win and change things."
"Its not like I brought up Dallas sweeping the Lakers or anything....Why did you have to do that?! Your a horrible person"
"RT : RT this!: Print and Present this coupon in any to receive 30% off Any One Item!..."
"Like I'm made of glass, Like I'm made of paper Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground Like a skyscraper <3"
"A 3 by al Harrington!! Go nuggets!"
"live fast die young bad girls do it well~"
"-|_!!. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --"
"He Said \" I Guess I Have To Say Bye \" - And I Said \" No You Dont I Can Say It- BYE \""
"So.So.Horny...."
"i hope you stopped eating then lol"
"work from home business opportunity"
"I roll with a band of gypsies"
"you know it! I've been saying that for weeks now! Someone will listen eventually."
"Oh an exciting new short project just came up! And it's gonna be funny."
"11 more likes to page status and sale!"
"I like Roenicke but is he too soft on these guys? The best managers are demanding & they switch things up when they clearly aren't working."
": my name is max and i should never leave my twitter open on scooter's computer."
"I love you and miss you already. What the heck do I do with you 800+ miles away???? Best.reunion.ever."
"People are usually more convinced by reasons they discovered themselves than by those found by others. ~Blaise Pascal"
"Off the Grid quite a bit this week. New learnings. New perspectives. New responsibilities. New security access issues -- Real World, no?"
"today is my birthday, can i get a shout out?"
"HFC is proud to welcome the managers and employees of the Ulaanbaatar Electric Distribution company to their certificate program."
"Hey ! That's a nice list there buddy! ;)"
"hahaahahahaha loving that response!"
"HAPPY SATURDAY! What could make it an even happier Saturday?! A Classic Butter Salmon Steak from B!"
"sorry Austin but the spurs are gonna win"
"95% of people text things they could never say in person"
".......What a great audition. You are definately representing Colorado tonight baby!."
"Working on a new Voices website."
"yeah. May 26th."
"happy saturday 😊I wanna know .... Where's your wellness spa located? :)"
"to be fair, I'm pushing myself too, because i'm tired of the pain, but the pain doesn't get better. I'm getting stronger though.."
"Our new page design is now live. Very similar to a profile page."
"Thankful for seesters who come to my house to p/u stuff to take to storage while I'm at work."
"Do I still get stickers? has my address."
"Bottoms up!! Miss you guys. wish I could make it“: Reminder: DC press & pols AKA Hacks n Flacks, happy hour tonight"
"bring them too!!"
"Born And Raised has been leaked. I will now sit and listen to it on a constant loop all night."
"They saying I fell off?....oh I needed that!"
"#shippingwars is funny. The old people certainly likes talking smack."
": as Luke, Jeremy Jordan as Han, James Earl Jones as Darth Vader."
"Lol. I've been that assistant, among the many jobs I've held in Hollywood before getting paid to write."
"it's going to be OK. because you are awesome."
"Whoa! This looks great, thanks Martin."
"Scarring the crap out of in the Dillion's parking >"
"fml ... Horrible day . just gonna lay in bed all night long ."
"\"Mindfulness helps you fall in love with the ordinary.\" ~Thich Nhat Hanh"
"anyone know if has a fan mail address??? love to send some appreciation for just being a wonderfully lovely human being:)"
"#everygirl should stop acting fake.. It's not worth it"
"I'm sorry in advance for forgetting your birthday."
"Lots of artificial legs walking round Seattle-2 in 10 mins. High %age vets?"
"use repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com for 20% off purchase + 10% off for life! Retweet to share with friends! :)"
"and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 80"
"While I dance I can not judge, I can not hate, I can not separate myself from life. I can only be joyful and whole. ~ Hans Bos"
"2nd installment of lifetime annuity guidance \"coming soon\""
"hey I'm following you now ok , I'm waiting on you to follow me babe"
"lol mee too n now I got a B"
"Capital Bikeshare near my home and office + Pennsylvania Ave center bike lanes = new method for daily commute."
"Youre good at this. You should make a twitter for those."
"bitch f you! I was watching porn anyway lmbo"
"haha he knows how to work it! Pugs 4 life"
"What if I said I wanted to cut my hair shorter again.. 😥😳"
"Amen to that!! RT The community of strong, caring women I've found online fills me w/gratitude."
"Really tempted to read Bill Clinton's book after his interview with Jon Stewart. He sounds like he has some idea how to get out of the mess"
"Increasing frequency of trH3N2 cases and the genetic similarity between these sequences support an emerging trH3N2 swine pandemic."
"“: Remember ladies, the best way a girl can give a hand job is when she uses her mouth.” that's science."
"moulting of the knee socks."
"Bout to go toe to toe, blow for blow"
". explains thpower of networks like Twitter to create distributed fact checking / fact collecting"
"I think that might make it worse, no? It's too hard, so let someone else do it..."
"You tell em honey!"
"That OVO and that XO is everything you believe in."
"Check us out on with the Fooks and the Field Irish Dancers for #sdshamROCK this St. Patty's Day!"
"That's nuts! I made sure to be one of the first in line this morning. :) What panels are you looking forward to today?"
"My man BP! Here to stay baby! The New Red Machine!!!!!!!!!"
"Are you ready for Of Dolls & Murder, Chicago? Because we are ready for you."
"You have to wonder why Americans...mourn more for the death of a pop star than those that defend us. Doesn't make a lot of sense."
"If your are not preparing to watch England vs USA in worldcup you are missing some great graphics"
"Roman dads are powerful, w/lifelong responsibility, but life expectancy was short--by age 25, there's 2/3 chance father is dead"
"Happy New Year!"
"Twoplustwo for over two minute man?"
"I like the feeling of a little jalapeno pepper juice in my eye."
"that is AMAZING"
"Are you posting a card today? We are fiending!"
"Im sure ZYNGA will have an Avatarville soon."
"Stalberg is the new Sharp"
"OK so I need a scarf, and I have a design in mind but I can't knit. How much do you charge for custom orders?"
"the next true vacation isn't until October....this trip is a sightseeing venture~~~~~"
"When was the last time you had a warranty issue with your mattress? Did everything work out?"
"What time do we burn the Haman effigy?"
"Scored an appointment! By the skin of my teeth, but an appointment, none the less"
"Its bout to hit the fan bro"
"So...a little stress fracture in your foot will just heal itself eventually right? Yes? Good."
"I don't think the pothole even comes close to comparing to last night"
"is that an invitation?"
"Don't forget to come to the VLP tonight from 7-9 for 2nd Wednesdays. Margaret Brent of Maryland- a living history presentation!"
"didn't change it"
"Mayor Gray: “We cannot do this alone…The people of the District – ALL of the people – must be a part of these efforts.”"
"Rihanna. My grandma can barely remember my name, what makes you think she knows yours?"
"LOLZ what did you say?"
"Yea I have got some of those. But being new thought it was a norm."
"They take students if there's space not until they run out of it."
"hey from wat part of puerto rico are u from im from ansco puerto rico ??"
"That is a STRIKE!"
"Dj'n a birthday party on da Southside fenna drop dat BANDZ ON ME by"
"#becauseofBYE i had the best night of my life."
"awh , that's so cute !"
"Michael Kidd-Gilchrist just went Derrick rose 2 hand cram on an innocent bystander from Portland. Top 10 on SC"
"I thought library doesn't have parental guidance CDs? THEN Y U NO HAVE AMERICAN IDIOT?????!!!."
"thanks for the app advice loving the flipboard app"
"If you are going to spam, at least tweet it. Don't send these annoying S messages that say have you lost weight in this picture?"
"missed you at the fest of books this year! hope you had a good time! i saw signed books back at the store & was sad i'd missed you!"
"I got my haircut today, but we have nothing near that nice, just #taxidermy animals."
"Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense."
"Rep. Giffords (D-AZ) shot in Tucson. My prayers and thoughts are with her family..."
"hey thanks 4 being a voice in the fight against"
"joy of science."
"I wish i would have tried out for an extra in public enemies when i had the chance when they filmed in crown point! In 2009"
"‎\"Ladies first\" is just a nice way of saying \"Let me look at your butt while you walk in front of me\""
"Ladies, if he only wants your breast thighs and legs send him to KFC. (;"
"Great article about Bart Deham. Please update on the regional meet."
"ha. they're not missing that much. working. trying to eavesdrop. start tweeting people!"
"If Broncos win,I will puke."
"why do you do this? Tease us so? Fjfdigfirfbhk I can't wait for 's new album!! #BELIEVE!!!"
"Lil' Wegi Working on these songs everything going good, working my but off for my fans Shout to all my fans and everybody I keep it 1000%"
"Very proud that the Sixers will be the worst team ever to win a 1st round series"
"Hate when it's big trash pickup day and I have no big trash. Such a missed opportunity :("
"you already know what time it is Ronald"
"I never understood how calling someone short was offensive... I mean like if we need to run we will just go under your legs"
"scrapbooking supplies inspiration"
"Life is like camera.Focus on what's important. And you will capture it perfectly"
"Sounds great! Great Urban Salad, burgers,fish &more!"
"#BrandCOS Getting lists of words or phrases regarding what makes COS special. Give us your input using these different words: (next tweet)"
"Same here P! U shud chk out the thas one of ur Nations not to mention"
"HHJ Cooke rules in Warwick v. TTEE in BR of Yarwood case involving an alleged disposition made before BR petition: [2010] EWHC 2272 (Ch)."
"Hey everyone! i'm going to my sis Confirmation!!:D"
"Welcome Marlo and Jean!"
"Just visiting. Still in Spokane. You're back?"
"Please email us at"
"Happy Friday everyone! 1 more day until play game 4 against the stupid rangers! LETS GO CAPS!"
"A Walk To Remember #top10FavoriteMovies <3"
"Give us feedback on these tanks so we can get to printing. Colors, fonts, sizes; we'd appreciate anything constructive!"
"I hate it when you're peeing and the power goes out..."
"I avoid soy as I have been diagnosed with a thyroid disease."
"holy crap!!!!! What ball do you use? I average about 185-190... I'm a junior in high school"
"Hi From James Gang SKC! We are a Missouri Western Sporting Kansas City Support Group. We would love to have you in the group!"
"why did so many unknown numbers text me Happy Mother's Day?? I'm not a mommy!!"
"Hopefully you'll be next! I'll keep my fingers crossed for you!"
"you don't think so?"
"Sure wish that \"luck\" tennis pundits say Fed has would show up for some of these \"random\" draws. Sheesh. Go Roger!"
"Leslie Jeanne is practically a #MichaelJackson song"
"\": 14369: i love your account! we should tweet more!\" Aww thanks and we should<3"
"If LeBron makes that same pass Kobe made to Blake for the game-icing three, he's chastised and \"afraid\" of the moment."
"Our biggest enemies are the neoliberal tendencies within ourselves. Kill the wanna-be Hollywood mogul in your head."
"have you checked out yet? what they're doing is actually really cool!"
"RT : SVG: \"It's 12:02 right now. If they wanna fire me at 12:05, I'll go home & find something to do. I'll have a good day.\""
"the homie lol, you get them knee cap implants yet?"
"Join us at La Mesa today for the SD Humane Society Mobile adoption 12pm-4pm"
"Dude I was like a pregnant lady with these strawberries. Omg. So fucking good!"
"Yur the real deal Justin. Thanks for rep'n this sport that I love with class and respect! Best!..... now get the flu!"
"I think the night racing will catch on!"
"ok . U find someone else???"
"I do want universal healthcare, screw the insurance companies and the pharmacuetal (sp) companies"
"follow back?(:"
"If you're a model or know of a model that should be featured contact for more info !"
"The Irish ignore anything they can't drink or punch."
"scaffolding gets danger close to traditional lesson design and away from the social aspect"
"In case you didn't get the former lawyer's allusion: \"Treat 'em like a mushroom. Feed 'em a bunch of shit and keep them in the dark.\""
"Music is what feelings sound like."
"Love the night!!!"
"In law school they never mentioned that \"murder in 2d degree\" was code for \"murder-but only of a black boy so it doesn't matter as much.\""
"haha...politics with an American Idol spin could be interesting..."
"At the Dream Team meeting for Joplin Schools. How do we \"BUILD\" a 21st Century School?"
"#ihatewhenmyparents snoop through my texts. if i wanted you to hear what im saying, id talk on the phone."
"Playing Southgate house tonight at 9:45! Come out!"
"60% of all social media consulting revenue is probably derived from fixing the \"results\" of wannabe experts' advice."
"Oh I see. Well that's gay"
"\": It's January and I'm grilling. In Boston.\" The trend hit cinci too adam"
"Well, our fingers are crossed. We would love to see you! Just found the bag from your wedding 2009! time flies~"
"because of the #Pirates recent woes the #Brewers game got the C team from Fox"
"time to do part 2 !"
"haha google it! Or ask your dad lol! If you organise this part... I'll sort out the tshirts :)"
"Walking to conv center for a #wmc panel. Heard Countdown blaring from 6 diff cars & shops so far and im only at 14th."
"Looking forward to going to a game or two this summer while in Greenville."
"Remember you are a creation of the infinite source of all creation, perfect as you are."
"Just got home really tired for some reason wish my girlfriend was here with me smhhhh"
"So you carry your contacts around with you?"
"there are"
"#WTF is wrong with #MelGibson's old ass? He done gone and lost his mind and went on a rant....AGAIN! On vacation too!"
"blah blah blah ; shuudduppp"
"Let's Drink Tonight Like We Won the Mega Millions and Drink Even More When We Don't!! (Thanks Lisa Ann for This)"
"You can refer to me as GOD now"
"Ah! So much to do! Feeling Excited & Scared!"
"I got \"Spittin'\" on a loop tonight. That joint is prophetic and speaks the truth. The beats and flows are TIGHT."
"yaaay! Have fun guys!!"
"MT : Walker re-analyzed NBA stats. Walker says Bucks dominated in the '90s, NOT Jordan & Bulls as some mistakenly believe."
"you're lucky"
"yay! my hard work paid off!"
"is it 8-9? I can call in a little after 8:30"
"What an awesome #fundraiser, Freeze 4 Life, #beatcancer and keep warm!"
"Great picnic, Great host, can't wait til next year."
"In memoriam: \"travelling is insane, need to take it easy\" \"going out was super, drinking water\" \"univercity was amazing, need to see a doc\"."
"I Lovee Youu , and Even Though You Might Never Notice Me ,I'll Never Give Up! Because I'm An #Angel <333"
"#Nw The temptations.... CLASSIC"
"Collisions in agencies create greater ideas. Work next to/with each other."
"The guys at my school have NO swag."
"Oh no I got twatchers!!!!"
"I'm hungry. Damn."
"#LazySundayafterafun saturday night. LOVING/LIVING THE MIAMI LIFE in SHALLAH."
"One does not simply....Take a nap.."
"Congrats on your new addition on the way :)"
"Try taking out the battery for a minute, put it back on, then try to restart."
"After enjoying a wonderful B-day with the family and friends, I'm now back in the office with the girls. We have a ton of work."
"#riodejaneiro lets make it trending topic :D"
"Sure Does!!! RT \": I know it is called a Bull-pen but does that mean that it has to be full of ****? #RedSox\""
"#MM :)! she's an Awesome person :) & equally Awesome singer/songwriter!"
"been home for 9 days now times a wasting we need to see each other!!"
"How r you, friend?"
"Violinist Duane Padilla's new website is up!! Stop on by and say hello! www.duanepadilla.com"
"Of course the article I choose to read in my minute of down time is about serial killers."
"Small biz killer - Allowing the rep who landed the \"whale\" to live off the commissions forever - what about new business?"
"NM State Conference listening to Stuart Crabb from Facebook! Awesome! # shrmnm2012"
"Spending all Sunday in your pajamas, taking a shower, then putting your pajamas back on."
"MIKEY and RAY appeared in WWE Raw a few minutes ago"
"I am going for \"Impoverished former boat owner\" as my summer look."
"Brett Moody killing it at the Snowboard Jr Worlds! Heading straight to the finals! Go Team Summit!"
"i have big thumbs... And my buttons are little on my ipod:("
"Perfect morning...perfect for a game of basketball"
"FACE RAPE"
"Should get KO of the Night just for that!"
"We're going to go patroling in the neighborhood."
"heyy i havent talked to you in a while.... wats up... ilyjdb"
"Our musicians still haven't shown up. About time to bust out"
"...so maybe you're detecting progress I missed a couple of weeks ago. I hope you're right! JLD deserves a good series."
"Haha, what are you doing over on the east side?! You're not far from my house lol."
"\"Everywhere I look, you're all I see. Did you mean anything? Can't you see you're my everything?\""
"Thanks to for the awesome NASA presentation today! Gene Kranz's (Apollo13) Kolbe MO- 8445 #pgs2010 check out Kolbe.com"
"I'm starting school tomorrow also but I'm going into the 8th grade."
"word. should be ah-PEETZ!"
"Wasn't able to see extreme rules tonight but I'd bet it be awesome!"
"I will always love the de Kooning's from the 80's."
"Shows in Cali bout Ready!!!! I'm bout to be a Cali Girl"
"I'm learning about citation order in LCSH and finding it very interesting. Perhaps I am meant to be a cataloger? I hope?"
"Great Green Plumber video from WaterSmart Innovations 2011 conference."
"PCL tonight....get there early for 2 for 1 drinks until 10 Hit me up for guest list or tables 480.612.3337"
"Nah Kris...they cant win w/o Wade..coach/player spats happen here and there. Usually look worse than they actually are"
"haha alright I didn't pay for it but still I feel ripped off. And yea it was a high profile match nadal v gonzalez"
"Start a tab w Kenichi to cut your parking tab - valet on Colo St and make purchase to cut valet tab from $8 to $3 - what a deal!"
"I'll be waiting ;)"
"I have a new phone, no # or else I bee textin u. Send me yo numba fam"
"I TWEETED ALOT TODAY SO GOODNIGHT AND GOD BLESS YOU ALL."
"I am playing in the house band at a jazz jam located at 1015 West Kirkland, Nashville tonight 8:30-11:00. Come out if you can!"
"To excited to play golf tommorow"
"This hurts me to watch"
"do you use massive?"
"I say that all the time to my 2nd graders and they look at me like I am crazy! :)"
"RT : RT If you want 2 work \"on\" your biz instead of \"in\" it, U have to have the right ppl in place. They..."
"Just another day of class draggin by."
"Ah, you totally just made our day! Compliments from users never get old ;)"
"One decision may be a deciding factor on the rest of your life. Done with it forever."
"#RAW starts in 1 hour and 2 min. :-)"
"What do you do if you see a blue banana? Try to cheer it up."
"“You need a plan to build a house. To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal.” – Zig Ziglar"
"Aweh. Youre so cute because you think I don't care."
"Ok..can we blow this open now..the Hawks want us to. Give them their WISH."
"My life hurts"
"that's the point lol"
"eek, not my childhood mall!"
"I really enjoy reading your blog, it's a refreshing perspective vs the sensationalism of mainstream media"
"#CNN is really leaning on flashy technology and flat screens to fill airtime before real #Iowa #caucus results roll in."
"Wow. Venus and Jupiter are amazing - again."
"Short stories. No books, bro, or I would have sent them already. You know I'm your tireless advocate. Mwah!"
"Finished four 8% incline miles at 3.2 mph."
"I'm always told to speak whats on my mind. & when i do, i get yelled at for what i said."
"ok ill tell you when im putting it out ok :)"
"Shana Tova! What was the highlight of your holiday?"
"true, at least he doesn't shoot couches."
"There's an island that's owned by France for half of the year and by Spain the other half"
"On today's show joins us to talk about his #mapoli candidacy & Somerville bar pledges to serve only local brews."
"Never think about the past it brings tears. Don't think about the future it brings fears. Live this moment with a good smile and cheers."
"Some products labeled '#green' aren't safe - look for #green #certification labels."
"Guardian gets it wrong in interpreting her message as an attack - I'd say healthy and much-needed skepticism"
"super stoked! What vinyl should I bring you on SILYMI?"
"I like HSN but they take entirely 2 long to ship. I shldnt have to wait 2 days b4 my package even ships"
"Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. Michael Jordan"
"she about to get cut :o"
"LOVED tonight's episode of #MadMen. Was skeptical of this season at first, but so excited for the rest of the season after tonight!"
"Yes, served cold. I first tried it at Olive Garden but Barefoot Roscato is pretty good too. I encourage you to try it!"
"Blocked! Blocked! Blocked!"
"Another amazing South Florida day. Anyone seeing any live music this weekend?"
"“: Round two I tee off at 8:20 #patience”-show them the way!"
"100% I'm buying a hot pink driver"
"I realize that I'm about to get beat up for this but I don't get the Hope Solo obsession. She's not really that hot"
"if you need any guests for your podcast maybe you could help us promote our film this summer when it's available"
"Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood."
"Boxwire #SmallBiz Tip: It's better to have bad news that's true, then good news that's just made up."
"Thanks for posting our #Hammerstep videos on your website Have you seen our videos yet?"
"B-More club online radio is gone? How am I going to get my Friday night bounce on with Benny Stixx and DJ Booman? How, I ask you?!"
"Take that,"
"So what is your guess on what's in the box?"
"is totally"
"Ah hah. Mass seemed unlikely Chuck Colson territory."
"You dont gotta fake or front ... Just be you :)"
"Demos' with my best friend <3"
"Guess what!!!!!! DJ E Square is back tonight at 7pm...... C what the sun bring you! A Mature and Sexy Waterfront Party!!!!! Drink Specials!!"
"Lol neither am I! (:"
"Admit it. I'm the sanest person you know. And that scares you."
"right here :P"
"RT : How to get your company acquired 101: Build something people love, generate revenue, stop focusing on getting acquired."
"You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough."
"Students who adopted Jain site produce documentary - Times of India"
"feel like I have 5 different things going on and it all has to deal with social media and emails and open documents. One busy LADYBUG!"
"Fox News Jennifer Griffin, Dancing with the Stars Louis Van Amstel & comic Lisa Ann Walter Wed 5.25 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM"
"I created an account, and followed ya."
"Burglary prompts warning of home improvement scams - Baltimore Sun"
"new tech center opening up for the tech startups in chicago on May2 -great news for the chicago land tech jobseekers -->follow chicago"
"Of Course! Love what you guys are up to!"
"PRAY THAT YOUR 2012 TESTIMONY IS TRUE (Jn 8:14) Know where you came from, and be \"CRYSTAL CLEAR\" about where you are going amen. #Sir Court"
"DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHERE IS GOING TO BE TODAY IN MIAMI!! I NEED TO KNOW ASAP!!! PLEASE HELP ME YOU GUYS I REALLY NEED TO KNOW"
"writing a blog post about normal people who were at one time obsessed with x-files (like myself). have any interest in sharing your story?"
"so did Lou create a twitter account yet? What is taking him so long... is cone and paul on board yet??"
"Hard to be too excited with the amount of work that remains, but last #lawschool class ever in t-minus 25 minutes."
"I love YOU"
"Today we enjoyed the National Anthem as played by Shawn Maxwell on trumpet before passing two pieces of legislation on to the Senate."
"did you know that justin and selena are just friends with benifits and not dating"
"I have no job, haha no future to worry about at this point"
"I got two hours of sleep so I didn't really have to try out that theory"
"Watching a special on Will and Kate... Couldn't be happier"
"Summer is kind of like the ultimate one-night stand: hot as hell, totally thrilling, and gone before you know it."
"Everything gets harder as you age, but we know it can be done! Did you get started saving in that window of opportunity?"
"yep. Saw that happening in real time. \"So long Steve! Here's a giant wiener for ya!\"... Hilarious."
"chilly here toi having an excellent day!!"
": text me"
"followed babe :)"
"facebook? or twitter?"
"do u know any 3 yr olds that can play mariokart and beat there dad. well my son just did i feel embarrased. good show today"
"LOVE our Troops!"
"Will Ferrell, Zach Galifianakis to shoot 'Southern Rivals' in New Orleans - NOLA.com"
"\"We have a big, safe & wireless fusion reactor a few million miles away. It delivers mega in just about 8 minutes.\""
"love u too"
"bob! Lets see a movie tonight!"
"Trend? I'll Have Another. Stay Thirsty? I'm looking for a horse named \"It's on the House!\""
"Told your publisher, Dan Meyer, that I love your tweets."
"I'd like to think we'll move beyond SM as a mere reflection of our physical spaces."
"I want to win Snooki swag & read #GorillaBeach from because snooki is going to be one great mommy/wife. Supporting my grl!"
"Oh, by the way, I am the new Information tech librarian at Muhlenberg Community Library. Now I am an official geek."
"my mom is HILARIOUS"
"Who manufactures in #PIttsburgh ??? I do!!!!"
"amen to that."
"M&M's for breakfast :)"
"Ouch ! My little cusin told me that if I didnt pass him the ketchup he was gunna break my jaw 0.o"
"The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up. ~Mark Twain"
"Hope you feel better"
"Did U like Cars? I hated the 1st movie I thought it was horrible and boring."
"spring break needs to come early"
"That looks awesome!!!"
"Great final night at Holiday Inn. Thanks for the shout out, when we do another Alumni Holidae In you best be DJing."
"Those are nose bleed seats for sure....because the ball may literally hit you in the nose and cause a nose bleed!!"
"Buy Camtasia; it's designed that way."
"Solo Dolo = No Drama."
"i'm back! seems like no one missed me"
"I can't stand prideful people, get the fuck over yourself."
"\"i heard your good at algebra. Can you substitute my \"X\" without asking \"Y\"?\""
"Indeed.. I teach kids and they are so picky at times. But I get them to try as much as I can..."
"\"thinks this year, he is going to buy all his Christmas gifts fromNike\""
"thanks so much!! hope to see you when we're out on the road in september!"
"If you're rockin a smart phone don't forget to \"check-in\" on your Facebook app while you're here. Thanks for the love Cbus!"
"I don't cry over spilt milk, but a fallen scoop of ice cream is enough to ruin my whole day."
"You can find our flyers on the front table of the Office of International Programs and Services! Please read it and join us if interested!"
"Only 34 days until I see and <3 #excited!!!!"
"Trip to McDonalds >>>>"
"Née something to do"
"Patriot Pay SaaS Payroll Software is now available for Louisiana Employers"
"maybe ill see you there!"
"Enjoy the sun and stars, Fellow Tweeters! Peace out."
"I guess its just love done gone."
"Friday, working in Brentwood on a large front yard hardscape and pool project."
"While walking through campus, reminiscing about the last 5 years on my last full day of classes, TIME AFTER TIME COMES ON MY IPOD."
"s/o ratzstar good look on the follow"
"My auto-repeat mental mantra today: Think it, but don't say it. Think it, but don't say it. Think it, but don't ..."
"storms are a brewin"
"I'm just tweeting because i decided yesterday to tweet at least once a day. Re-dedicating myself to twitter for the first time. Go bills."
"« I bet Tim Burton has the \"BE FRI\" and Johnny Depp has the \"ST ENDS\" part of the necklace.»"
"welcome to #Indy, now that make 4 Lions/Spartans fans in this state."
"Didn't you hear Verboom say \"Dresses BELOW the knee WHEN YOU SIT DOWN.\" Da fuq? You looked like a hooker."
"I almost fainted when I walked outside. Yeah it's hot. 104 right now in Austin. Another record breaker."
"What's omnivore Michael Pollan eats is good enough for me: \"I couldn't do without olive oil (Katz) & salt (Maldon, Diamond Kosher)\""
"You always deserve more...!"
"The guy I like, likes my worst enemy. Great I feel the tearing."
": Thanks Melissa, right back at ya!"
"Madison police confirm Jesse Jackson is at the state Capitol."
"this man has to have the hairiest hands in the midwest."
"one question... do you want me to trash your lights?"
": The night turned out to be pretty amazing.... <3 !"
"Love listening to black people argue about soccer when they know nothing about it. Things you hear at IUPUI"
"RT : Less than 200 tickets remain for Saturday's #RIT hockey game @ Blue Cross Arena. Sellout is imminent"
"Asdfghjkl <3 can't wait for \"silent disco\" i'm such an awkward turtle _^|^_"
"#YOLO is so fucking annoying. We obviously only live once, no need to say it every 10 fucking seconds."
"jeezy is all I listen to really"
"Aw, I have to log off . Brian needs to get a phone already ."
"Making your way in the world today takes everything you've got..."
"There comes a time when you have to be your own hero. Because sometimes, the people you can't live without, can live without you."
": Love the margaritas! Love the sun! Love You FACE!"
"#fridayreads (print) Jacob Have I Loved by Katherine Patterson (part of my quest to read all Newbery winners)"
"Yahoo Sports has Matt Kalil as Cleveland's projected pick. That made me laugh."
"is he dead?"
"There's one pair of flats that she actually chewed on. I think it's because they smell the worst."
"Catching up with :)"
"Cubs v Brewers tonight! A second sweep in the future? um we think yes. So sorry Astros."
"they lost your bag!?"
"Denver's Top Marketing firm for the past 3 years, locally owned and started over three years ago. Proud to be where we are at :)"
"Happy New Years everyone! See you in"
"LoL me to! :L"
"First bell, second bell."
"NCAA Football starts in 4 days. Join us on Thursday 9/3 for great matchups like Villanova vs Temple and Oregon vs Boise State!"
"My birthdays on the 7th you guys. i gladly accept forties."
"Really now RT : All of Towson is in the library lol."
"I think I should spend the day speaking in Nadsat in an effort to confuse the L7's. Nerds will be impressed by my fluency."
"Good point!"
"in #10days already!!"
"#Lakers lost yesterday was ridiculous! I'm in it for the long haul #LA but almost 30 points?!!?!! C'mon guys!"
"oh ok my bad killer"
"Got my car all packed up for move out thanks to ! I'd say we're pretty savvy packers, eh??"
"Many ways! One way is to listen to and engage with customers to understand changing needs. This helps innovation. Cheers!"
"stopped by Bayamon today beach tomorrow, La Isla never disappoints always amazed by contrast of mountains and oceans"
"We appreciate the FF love!"
"Swag alert."
"Cafe milano - possibly the shittiest service in recent memory"
"Why do people slob when they sleep..R they thirsty?"
"never even got a chance to play my Slither records"
"Happy Ash Wednesday Everyone!!! Last Night's Mardi Gras Party was a Blast!!!"
"Social media is a way to gain valuable insight on a museum's audience- info that can be used to sustain relationships"
"is a great fit and will be a good addition. Lots of good brainstorming happened today - really excited! :-)"
"yep we sure do!"
"Niggasz be slandering other niggasz name just to get some pussy that the shit i don't like"
"We love u!!RT : #FollowFriday this awesomly sick ass band they have sweet music! I love them so much <3"
"Never had enough money or time to do my own investing, so pulling out of TD Ameritrade is moot. As to Cub games, I've gone to my last."
"6k...that's aggressive."
"I just put all of #DowntonAbbey on my holds queue ...the day before my last semester starts"
"you ate a whole wheel of cheese?"
"Today I learned Nikola Tesla was born on July 10. My birthday is on July 10. Tesla was a bad ass genius electrical engineer. I am an EE."
"lol. Didn't know it still exsited. Never hear about anymore."
"Thxs....Womens tees are on the design table now! What would you want on a shirt?"
"I really don't wanna be in pain anymore"
"Woot! Thanks, Kevin, for yet another fun visit!"
"What's wrong with it? Lol. RT : RTing a tweet and responding to it in your own tweet >> haha"
"Classy move #chevy. Nice pitch for"
"Let us know! :)"
"me and my friend are in Language Arts can we get a shoutout?(:"
"Happy Halloween"
"It was the \"sex panther.\""
"I am hot"
"Just received the creepiest email evr from an anon pro-life frmr student."
"I fucking hate today already. Today is gonna fucking suck. And you know what, I don't care if you don't like me using fuck a lot."
"yes we made extra. Lots to munch on."
"Moe's?!?! Be there or be square"
"excited to offer lopsided trades and get indignant when they get [rightfully] denied"
"if the majority audience of American idol wasn't little girls, stefano would have been eliminated instead of the best female singer."
"me attempting pull ups..<<< #fuckthatshitt!!"
"A sense of humor is the ability to understand a joke - and that the joke is oneself"
"What ever happened to KONY...?"
"I don't even know what \"the avengers\" is. No that doesn't make me cool, but if you're offended by that it could mean you're not cool."
"IT'S THE BEST!"
"I need an easy, delicious dessert to make with a 10 year-old tonight...ideas?"
"it Is pretty rad, right?!"
"#iWant a British accent"
"that would be a dick move"
"I think #Madonna is ready for Vegas..very entertaining"
"Just seems I've never in my life heard of a guy calling into work sick with a migraine but countless women do every month."
"The first USF student to put 15 books on our advantage program today will win a PS3, Wii, or XBOX 360!"
"So ice skating was a success 👍"
"What movie do you geek out about, that may not necessarily be the stereotypical #geek movie?"
"Excited to have 's Jim Szoke in our sports promotion course to talk about athlete media training."
"NO! OH NO! I'm so sorry, Dave."
"A two-out RBI double by Clemons drives in Alex Mercer and St. X is on the board trailing Eastern 2-1 in T3. Clemons now 2-for-2 vs. Strader."
"Taking a nap at 6pm, waking at 10pm, then being sent back to bed because its a school night-.-"
"thanks man i appreciate it, excited for next saturday!"
"Miss ya brooksman! So jealous I have to miss ANOTHER Giants baseball fun filled weekend :( bo lol Hope 2 c u soon!"
"i figured it out thanks guys i had a blocker on this computer got the vid's tonite very cool"
"RT : YOO HAPPY BORN DAY SUPER PRODUCER !!! !..its a celebration b#tches!!..pour up yeah"
"About where i started. 14k. Slow going"
"He won't go down without a fight! I hope Cain can get through this..."
"Yeah it's weird when that happens. And when you start giving people directions. It's like \"Whoa. I live here.\""
"what color would you like??"
"In the cosmetic & perfume industries alone, over 800 neurotoxic compounds have been used!"
"sorry about me too"
"#IfIWonTheMegaMillions we would have a LAUNCH Party at QCs in montebello September 12th..oh wait we are;)"
"to those who get my tweets sent to ur phone. *bbuzz buzz* *ring ring ring* LOLOL"
"hit'n corners hard... fuck a lost cause..."
"That's great! Will be glad to! Let me get caught up on these championship pics over the next couple weeks and I'll get it"
"Odot says Johnson creek a above flood stage right now. We are checking to see if foster road closed as result."
"I started earlier...maybe it's time to revisit!"
"I want to start illustrating and making prints and stuff."
"Swish and flicker."
"he shoots, he's scored. He's been playing well. I can't ask for anything more from him."
"Great win. We lost focus late Q3 but got back in the game like champs! #GoLakers!!!!!"
"ready, set, attempt to sleep..."
"believes that sharing is caring..."
"lol well thanks boo! much appreciated:3"
"we miss you too babe! wondered why bacon sales were down ;)"
"you was going #pianocrazy,lol. i broke a key before,"
"Hearing people sing at the top of their lungs, with the windows rolled down >"
"any of you #adworkers want an extra bright little partner for #trivianight??"
"Pumped for concert !! Thank you Alumni Association for free tix!!!"
"My mom was begging for a fb, now she doesn't want one because she likes to be private haha cute"
"Today has been a good day except algebra that was boring as always"
"Theophrastus~ Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend."
"Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort. - John Ruskin"
"RT : Cleveland: gig fiber in poor neighborhood has raised property values, created waiting list to move in"
"Welcome. I'm going to get in touch with my hosting provider for a password reset. Need that first. ;-)"
"#SometimesIWonder why the hell am I watching Wendy Williams"
"Its not something kids think about when in the heat of the moment, they expect people that look scary"
"Be patient if you're looking for love."
"Thanks Lauri! Thanks for an amazing semester reading C19 literature."
"Can't decide what to see ! I could just save up for"
"how do you get a witch pregnant?"
"#YouGetMajorPointsIf you have pretty eyes"
"I think your account has been hacked. You just sent me a strange direct message"
"Since JSONG pointed it ou...i'm #flashtheater -ing soon! Jsong too!"
"could it be? : (Haitian) zombies are \"disinclined to eat spicy foods & prefer meals consisting of banana\" source?"
"With this warm weather, I can't wait to go to the beach.."
"Lovely! Sounds luminating!"
"Only thing we have on is the radio oh let it play"
"Go on Campopoly.com and tell us what activity we should try next! We will do it and blog about it!"
"I might delete my twitter"
"is about to get off work and wrangle my crazy doggie"
"The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow"
"Omw to cookout got the whip"
"Mark Casto will be preaching at United Christian Church Cleveland TN tonight at 7pm www.uccma.net don't miss it. Ustream live"
"you need a big game from DREW!"
"Good evening everyone. How is everybody doing tonight?"
"Bleh >.< do you know why?"
"From the hood book of #2Chainz Okay now Nicki Nicki Nicki, put it in your kidney. Got a new LS 450, ain't no keys in this do-hicky."
"Smh can't take the kid its all good though"
"Officially done PhDing she has completed one journey to start her new one"
"for all new friend.. is you hv not go the change to visit our website.. pls go ..www.us-tea.com. .. share your experience here.."
"TELL HIM TO SING YOU THAT SONG"
"Doc said Claritin for 2 yr olds... a little Delsym... and STILL not working :( He wakes up every night at 12:30 coughing."
"Thanks for the follow!"
"yes waiting on you! U coming today instead??"
"In on a Friday night, studying wine. Oddly enough, not drinking any."
"Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night! ~ from my new iPad :D"
"my crush is six foot im like at the bottom of his neck lmao"
"Looking for a local farmer or two to take spent grain after brewing."
"Ah, I'm going to bed. :b I'll text you like tomorrow or something!"
"I've always dated guys younger than me..."
"*Yawn* give me somethin else to argue about"
"bye have a great day <3 i love you"
"Sorry I haven't been on in a while been working a lot lately. How's everyone enjoying the new year?"
"where in the world did i get Zach from then? lol. i just renamed you. oops, sorry!! ;) but have fun tonight guys!"
"Hey! let's talk about your ideas!"
"sucks bc her and Colin mesh well together"
"RT : It's 2011 - when is the NAACP ever going to change its name? Are they still trying to use up all the old stationery first?"
"because you're cool"
"gest got a #facebook after so long i did it i sold out"
"I think I got first on Saturday. It's all downhill from here."
"Good Morning.. Do y'all sell vans in your store?"
"That's kinda gross, what does it smell like?"
"So glad to see you & catch up at dinner tonight!"
"yea yea"
"great article this morn! So proud of you Jess!!"
"Checking in what up doe"
"Balls. That is what I have to say. No, nothing practical, just balls. Okay? Alright."
": disagree--ibaka's got touch. is already better from medium 2 than green is from 3. now he never has to play center."
"Yay! Glad you're getting started, Melissa! So wish I was there at #AllWrite with you all!"
"Dang.... Everytime u on TC or Ustream im either on mobile twitter or offline :/"
"RIP Kurt Crain...from little league to highschool n college..the memories..my heart is sadden by this loss..you will be missed"
"Really brilliant comments. Put the question on Twitter during university-wide faculty meeting aboutt general ed requirements."
"Thank you for the ReTweet!"
"Hour 3 \"A firework store in the gas station? Might as well build a dildofarm next to a playground.\""
"In his defense, he was in P.B. Seems like just another Thursday night"
"Can't allow your tweet to stand. Augusta/Masters is the Super Bowl of Golf. It is tradition. It is every golfer's dream."
"RT : ... , a vehicle for PR? DH will inevitably reach beyond the acad; that's a good thing. Just monitor judiciously."
"Late start plus break ones tomorrow, my schedule is better then yours."
"What's the funniest thing you've heard somebody say in their sleep??"
"You have it in stock?"
"because, yes, I worry about stuff like that."
"i find it incredibly convenient how the profile of every shitty, cynical, nobody on twitter happens to describe its user as \"conservative.\""
"Indeed - our library parties coincide! We're having a blast. Glad to hear all is well in GB too!"
"Mornings are a bitch......because my female dog is named morning :)"
"I haven't seen you with purple hair yet."
"#LMA12 Stop by booth 301 and say hello to some of the Moiré peeps! - see you all tonight!"
"(Hales Corners) Crash might be at 92nd & Grange"
"check out my commercial!! it is hysterical !!"
"I don't really like tweeting about writing because it reminds me that I'm not writing."
"hey baby girl"
"Hey, the outdoor farmers market is back today. Hello, summer."
"\"We partner with everyone we talk to\"--one key to Page Library's success"
"what's the word? you ready to dominate the Gables or what!?"
"You cant buy happiness ...!!"
"Love when the office doorman tells me to 'behave myself' hahaha"
"mah mommy watched heroes"
"Hope you can make it to in October. Are you in the city? - Kenneth Gartman"
"Can't wait for the Manchester derby today! Less than an hour until the 7:45 am eastern kickoff."
"I heard at these rave things chicks get naked"
"great to finally meet you this evening. Looking forward to chatting further...."
"We need a local deals business that displays ads in video games/MMOs based on user IP. Maybe it already exists"
"- Two peanuts walk into a bar and one was a salted."
"I am finally getting my engagement ring resized!!"
"Thanks for the Habi-Love"
"Such an amazing event! We're so excited. Have a great time and thanks for using ShowClix :)"
"I can't make it"
"Black Ops TWO. Damn, that sounds good."
"Do you think the Seattle Seahawks cheerleaders wear plaid and look like Eddie Vedder?"
"Saw the Lucky one yesterday! I cried 😢"
"Loving the storytelling NBC is doing, making #KYDerby138 interesting for mainstream viewers."
"Longbar tonight!!!....for the grown & sexy!"
"Jesus... is God holding our hand & leading us home... He has made it so much easier for us to find our way back to Eden."
"At School , Hungry Af & I Just Came From Lunch"
"so far no one is saying if they are a winner, pretty sure my parents did NOT win. ;)"
"Calling all student-radio peeps out there: who is making science-related podcasts, or doing independent in-depth reporting?"
"Supporters of Kaely wore blue because it was her favorite color, her friend said"
"didn't they teach you to always go to the bathroom before any type of big event whether sports or a long trip lol"
"Of course I'm serious. Also had the opportunity to pee next to him. It was magical? Yes, magical"
"If God had wanted man to play soccer, he wouldn't have given us arms. ~Mike Ditka~"
"I hope you'll help us make sure the same doesn't happen here in Minnesota!"
"Green Renaissance Fair, 9-19/20-2009 we have center stage for the city of Portland www.green-renaissance.com/fair"
"You are a former tax attorney - can you tell me what a statute staple is in today's tax law, and where it came from?"
"i did mention tomorrows opem house from 5-8pm w/ balsamic & olive oil tasting is FREE right?! Plus happy hour specials all night!"
"Wow. So its 2-1. RT : #Devils won tonight btw. I know you were wondering, haha."
"is getting 1.4B ad impressions/ month (and that stat doesn't annoy me, because their opt in/out targeting is thoughtful)"
"Three more days here."
"We need another goal I'm getting nervous."
"so true"
"Thanks, found it! I was wondering about the #sschat combined with the"
"Takes an hour for my mom to \"check out\" 3 stores. Come on I'm starving"
"lovin the vibe at the Artisan. Mo mojito's please"
"RT : To my followers I kindly ask you to support my buddy and"
"getting excited for the Oscars...I thinks I am in love w/ ..Now I have to just get him to feel the same...LOL :)"
"you. are. a. genius."
"Patricia Heaton, u 2? Guess I won't be watching \"The Middle\" anymore. Id expect this from Rush or \"Anti Gay\" comments from Kirk Cameron."
"Republican controlled legislature in WI passed bill removing all Milwaukee Area Technical College board members & adds 5 business members."
"Your Acct was hacked and is posting Dms with links to malware. Time to change your password."
"wish she had a boyfrien SO! bad lmao"
"Wearing my cap and gown cuz I"
"Not doing it again today. Can't."
"Imma Throw A Couple Thousand Baby Strip 4 This! Lol"
".....But that was when I ruled the world....."
"Heats won n put NY out of the playoffs"
"twitter is not a popularity contest"
"kinda far but ill def try to make it.."
"Time to get my drink on!!!!!!"
"iconiacs for life ^.^"
"Anyone know a good tea cold remedy?"
"GUCCi MANE x TRiCK OR TREAT..FREDDiE HAD THE SONG STUCK iN Mi HEAD WHEN WE WAS CHECKiNG EACH OTHER..WE TAKiNG Mi CAR..."
"Google Puts Search On Windows Phone 7 eweekeurope.co.uk/news/google-pu… via"
"Ah I hate spiders!"
"William Howard Taft served as Chief Justice from 1921-1930."
"I hear ya"
"I'm up. Not fully functioning, but up"
"Bitch! I told you I needed to talk to you."
"Look for our catalog with models wearing LL bean reading our books"
"I love you with all my heart khloe of course too you guys are the lights of my life"
"you are so amazing and your voice gives me the chills! (in a good way!) I am just completely in awe of you! X)"
"I hope this summer will beat all of my past summers. :) I have a really good feeling it will."
"I just recruited a new consultant! He just opened himself up to a new world of opportunities!"
"Registered for Quentin Blake virtually live Sept. 28 9.15-10.00am (US EST) at www.quentinblakevirtuallylive.com"
"I love my Blazers but I'm pretty sad tonight =("
"Miss you too! I often stay off Gchat because it eats away at my productivity. But I'll log on once in a while so we can chat!"
"Alex Rodriquez, Lebron James, and Tony Romo walk into a bar...."
"work, conferences, travel, waiting for life to slow down in the fall (hopefully but prob not)"
"Excited to go to today! Let's hope this weather cooperates!"
"No Meetings Tonight ... : ) .. but the next 4 days are packed with them -- Making this business run is no joke ! success is all i know"
"ask me if i care? lmao"
"whats good for tonight doe?"
"$TOPZ is performing well today"
"With Lexy at my brothers baseball game in Azle! <3 im bored so text me!(:"
"blueberry! And hot maple syrup on the part that doesn't touch the fruit! If I can make it that far. Lol"
"Boom! Yeah!"
"Wanna play a joke on your chiropractor? The next time he starts working on you, go limp and soil yourself."
"Haven't posted much about it, but check out to see what my partner Damect and I have been up to since Nov!"
"wow #Chelsea hasn't even passed the half...#Barcelona is back to normal..."
"Had breakfast radishes w butter, lamb charcuterie, lamb bolognese (I die!) & vino tonight at Ardeo! Love tasting 's menu!"
"Shaun of the Dead with these beers."
"I Hate Those CVS Checkout Machines! Them Shits Never Be Working! Always Says Assistance is On the Way & then someone takes Odee long to come"
"#sschat, Ethical pr, we had trouble betw kids @ first, they where trying to out do each other, hard to keep them on subject"
"psh, one less person I'd ever have to share with. ;)"
"A cntry music social net where musicians, songwriters, fans, family and friends come together and share their music and real life stories."
"haha yes I am :P but I'm going to sleep"
"Dr. Berthrong wants to quote my definition of globalization. Apparently today is a day when I'm really on."
"oh CRAP wut is that?! i turned it on and saw it and i literally jumped! lmao!"
"Somewhere near Salt Lake, they have this warehouse where they're growing dozens of Mitt Romneys."
"Respect experiences. Respect user effort"
"Thanks for the RT... that picture just slays me. lol"
"Lmao! Not even! :p"
"What channel?"
"bought a book today. hope it changes my life for the better!"
"but i am not financially supporting anyone else, so my risky decisions about who i'll work for affect primarily myself..."
"Theres Only So Much One Person Can Take ..."
"--> Hey Happy Birthday..."
"Join Pauly G and the KISS Krew tonight at Tilt Nightclub for Fun Fridays Dance and Drag!"
"k metal mouth ;)"
"i didnt know that thanks lol"
"Dibens got passed, OUCH"
"Join us Monday at 9pm ET for #InternPro's \"I'm graduating… now what?!\" chat with"
"Yep follow me!"
"We see a growing energy gap: Devices that do more; batteries that can't keep up. Low-power devices need lower-power displays, no?"
"Our thoughts lead to action, actions become habits, habits become our character, our character becomes our destiny."
"Just watched a stupid girl compilation on YouTube made by day"
"Six out of 10 London schools hit by Wednesday's strike: Department for Education confirms that 60% of the capita.."
"I was still wearing pants."
"Massage after long night of drinking. Great hangover medicine. I need to quit competitive drinking."
"Don't a little cold stop from having fun go on out and have a good time just be responcible about it. especially with frozen roads"
"Coolness is strictly defined by how accepted you are by mainstream/corporate entities...DUH!"
"Happy Birthday Kandi, hope you had a fabulous day!!! Mine is tomm. May babies are the best!!"
"RT : Nice! Just found ! I'm sure many of our campers will want to attend this feast...#take8bites #thatcamp :)"
"Thanks for being so cool!"
"This faculty member is even using Chrome!"
"There are just some songs that NEVER get old."
"=) RT What do u mean pretty, pretty pretty good? Its FANTASTIC! Have been travelin. You'll see me again soon :-)"
"We will not leave the cafeteria until we have finished the entire confection!"
"Still up"
"To find love, you must first be willing to look for it"
"#Moving anytime soon? We can help You out. Small Studio, Bedroom & 1 bedroom apartments usually cost only $210 to move in total!!!"
"that would honestly be really fucking cool"
"South Laurel's Matt St. John and Knox Central's Cody Miller to sign with Union College"
"writer? Musician?"
"Search Laboratory Reports Dramatic Growth - MarketWatch (press release)"
"BETTY LASH is still offering $100 OFF A SET of LASHES for NEW CLIENTS! (EXPIRES JULY 10th) Hurry tweets, Friday is almost here!!"
"Ray, I know only enuf about the Fed to be dangerous. People I respect say it should have just 1 mandate: price stability. Now has 2."
"Thumbs up after watching"
"I've heard a few of these...."
"I.d.k. why I'm so greedy."
"Omg some people are freaking hilarious, their opinions and observations !"
"money quarter!"
"BRANDY Melville store in PB holllaaaaaaa."
"RT : Denver: Dicks sporting goods park. Free today: Rock the Range Starts the almost @ 4. The afters, lecrae & skillet too"
"#SometimesItsEasier as soon as you embrace the fact that anything worth having takes hard work, true grit and perserverence"
"I need an AMS (Acronym Management System)."
"Teresa is on the show full time...she is a box of rocks with good makeup"
"Ikea lunch!"
"I kind of really wanna see Wicked and the Circ De Solei show."
"Canada won't take us! That's where Mexicans were trying to get to RT“: omg I would move to canada he is gw bush reincarnated!!”"
"“: God is Good :)” and all the time God is Good!"
"I have decided that, if I brand myself, then I can enjoy a new logo, new look, new life. I am well on my way."
"I had a dream last night where I tried to access the Internet in a restaurant using a shortbread cookie. That is all."
"BRB,BUYING ALL THE COPIES."
"ONE MORE WEEK TILL DISNEY CAMP ROCK AUDITIONS @ ADA IN Pleasantville, NY call 914 751 1048 for info ages 8-21"
"Cavs finally gets a win"
"Lowkey they say."
"good morning! thanking God for another day & another chance to get it together."
"dylan and jack white record here...great studios"
"Omg. I remember that when I was a little girl and i watched this movie :)"
"congrats and safe travels! You'll have an amazing time."
"Thanks man appreciate it!"
"RT : The Deeper the connection, the deeper the affection. #Aquarius loves affection"
"No word yet. \": Does that mean the judge ruled Dr. Sellers will not be allowed to testify??\""
"The hallway outside my office smells like a two-day-old armpit burrito. I thought you'd all like to know."
"have fun! #RNGforever(:"
"Oh Wow! That's a job! Is someone helping you? You can't possibly do that in one day. Those aren't closets, their stores!"
"Must. Write. Paper..... Turkey. Coma. Setting. In. :-\"
"naw nigga it wasnt that real. But it was good as fuck though"
"thanks for the follow!! GO YANKEES!!!"
"God, will you please throw me down a fast forward and rewind remote down here on Earth? It'd be so much easier."
"Complete wipe and reboot of my DX last might. Bought , minor tweaks thru-out...in luv again."
"yankees can't hang with the rangers"
"100%!!! RT : Hey Cristina! Glad you like the #weeklyfitnesschallenge music! Great music motivates people! Have an awesome day!"
"Just got to Dallas for #COLT11 Community Outreach Leadership Training with Pancreatic Cancer Action Network!"
"would love to make a project out of popular exhibition and entertainment in Boston but i have no idea what would be an original angle on it."
"Brady seems to betting the house on the Sustainability Center"
"What makes a male sexually attractive to a female?"
"And you say what?.."
"What happened to the metal slides that could sear your skin in mid-summer? The jungle gyms that could fracture bones and break teeth?"
"So then I go to uni & I learn the system. I learn that ppl are suppose to want tenure & make sacrifices."
"happy birthday! Been a fan since your y.lions days, and was lucky enough to see you play 5 completely different shows in 2010"
"Just feel so sad and idk y #MadDowner :'("
"Newark NJ Public schools and DrugFreeHome Foundation.org will announce substance abuse programs to keep kids safe"
"Attending ? Be sure to attending our session, \"To Skype or not to Skype\" Wednesday at 2pm!"
"Packers whooped on the Vikings 45 to 7 :D"
"cobra is so deadly that one gram of it"
"Luv hearing ur kiddo's remarks!! My daughter said similar things. Turned out she was highly gifted. Bet yours r 2!!"
"Happy Friday my fellow Tweethearts!!!"
"#imagine you & Justin got in your first fight. Justin: thats it, im done (YN)! u start crying. Justin: im sorry, please forgive me, i love u"
"how do we build that trust in ourselves? I keep hearing \"I am the worst \" and \"I can't do this\" from others"
"Why is this clinic so busy at 7am!?"
"m m m that looks delicious :)))"
"hahahahahaha. By the way, I'll be in NYC week of the 21st. We should kack it."
"Rashondra's about to go on! #NappyThursdays! bout getitin!"
"haha Twitter resembles those tiny books of inspirational quotes. When I read them I hear it in a star guide voice :D"
"discovered & his band ohh im in love they are awesome.i love your call me maybe cover.just want you to know you can call me, baby"
"I feel like after a hangover."
"#FF Education Tweets"
"I Like To Cuddle. That Cant Possibly Make Me A Whore."
"You Are What You Do Today – Many people say they have good habits. Yet, their daily actions do not reflect it."
"btw- wish you were here to get drinks with us tonight Haley! come on what's better than #vampirediaries and drinks?"
"tracks sound dope mixed down man. can't wait for the album."
"yes Dave again 😃 I REALLY want to win!!! 😝"
"yup. I think we can do it."
"Can you save it? that necklace ment alot to me... I knew i shouldnt of wore it.."
"ok follow me back"
"THE WAY THE WORLD WORKS YOUR OPINION"
"I love baby you are candy you are 1 you are magical"
"that's whats up preach."
"- had a quick question about your twitter handle - time to talk?"
"Melo get that shit out of here!!"
"Thinking about buying a fish tank with Graduation money haha"
"Follow my boy for a shoutout"
"Why, why, why does my car smell like dogfood?"
"Make sure you visualize what you really want, not what someone else wants for you. -Jerry Gillies"
"HUGE SHOUT OUT to this luvie ~~~ :** SHE IS SOO NICE♥♥♥♥ MUST FOLLOW ;***"
"FOLLOW ME PLEASE <3. YOU GUISE DID AMAZING"
"See anyone wearing Charles River Apparel? We would love to see your photos. Send any pictures to or DM us."
"Thank you. So far it's been hectic...hopefully it will get better now that I see your wonderful words. :0}"
"that is very acurate lol A+"
"Ewwww my brother always waking up on hard!! Ewwwwwwww"
"the 3 mo meal planning package. Thanks! :)"
"Hello NYC, still wish I was going to the garden tonight"
"had awful nightmares all night about the game and I wake up and remembered that it still actually happened >:O"
"Anyone wondering if these fights between the #Rangers and #Devils are pre-arranged?"
"Well, it's a funny thing . . . and now that you ask, an observation I probably should have kept to myself. Sorry. :)"
"cant wait for :D"
"mT : “: \"When teachers are working, students aren't learning.\" - Dr. Bill Daggett #tlc12”"
"--_Drop Grocery Bill to Zero,, watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com I give 500 leads a month. Enroll at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd"
"Happy Mothers Day Everyone"
"feeling better now. #420 @"
"so are we!! Check out facebook!!"
"Get ALL UP IN THAT MUG!"
"#music is there anything better? There is no greatness greater than a solid tune. Well played Austin"
"I once paused over a Rene Auberjonois action figure. Wished it was from \"Benson.\" Or \"McCabe and Mrs. Miller.\""
"oh yes indeed they did. Tie Tuesday is officially a hit Thai food is being discussed for lunch!"
"... and by sad, I mean devastated. I could cry about it."
"There are no ordinary moments. There is always something going on.” ? Peaceful Warrior"
"\"The real contest is always between what you've done & what you're capable of doing. You measure yourself against yourself & nobody else.\""
"There is none left in the cooler at work. I drank it all. Where can I get some more?!?"
"Congrats on the funding. Great things ahead, we're sure of it!"
"I want u to beat sum 4 me"
"lmao I don't loser"
"' son met his wife thanks to #nationalservice Another #loveservice story!"
"Wait, oh, let me see your phone Cause all them bitches is ratchet And let me get in my truck Cause all them’ bitches’ll catch it"
"Facebooked. Tweeter. Put new pictures on the kids' blog. Yep, that's a full social networking day for me."
"work is fab my sweets!! I <3 it here!! Saving lives baby!! =) hope ur having a fab weekend as well!! =)"
"I'm going to keep this in mind!"
"Quick hits: Meet five more UFA’s set to join the Miami Dolphins"
"Yo bacon eggs pancakes and some grits doin it big"
"if you can sing you're automatically hot ok."
"Thank you! We'll put pictures up soon too."
"haha I feel ya girl....btw I ordered your movie I been so busy I haven't watched it but I will soon promise!"
"u guys host any shows? U have any videos of it r a website"
"ur a good actor, u remind me of Lindsey L. Sorry nothing bad bout that, I think Lindsey is a good actor too :)"
"Rad. Works for me! Yeah I feel like I got an e-mail confirming stuff from the stamp guy but now can't find it. Alas."
"Haha! = RT Joss Whedon should come to Comic-Con & just jog a victory lap in Hall H, high five everyone, and leave."
"True Story- I saw Menace II Society at the $1 theatre. First time I was a minority at a movie. Brought back many to see it"
"haha thank you!!"
"Even labor leaders like said every signature should be counted. MC would have paid for it."
"lol drugging kids ... Shame on you"
"Headed to downtown with joe fuckin Mosso !!!"
"These people at buffalo wild wings watching the bulls game funny as hell"
"can't wait to celebrate Valentines Day tonight Bella"
"The Rockets are playing tonight! If you HAD to pick one... which #Houston sports team is your favorite?"
"you guys are awsome the voice,guitar,drums and the other instruments. You guys are perfect"
"Viewers of CHCH Morning Live show in Hamilton were treated to three minutes of hardcore gay pornography around 9:30am Friday April 20, in"
"omg Laugh out loud"
"We already have Beyond the Codices (updated, expanded) and Book 12 of the Flor. Codex from Jim Lockhart, ready to add. Need grant!"
"Looking forward to the Stay Classy Awards tonight in downtown San Diego!"
"Do more than is needed. The extra mile that you walk makes all the variation."
"I cried when Mufasa was being trampled in The Lion King"
"thank you. Let's hope Radio likes it ha"
"just doing my part, Smooth."
"come on in for a fresh strawberry lemonade."
"The harmonies of the I~Threes are Superb!"
"If was a bond villain, she'd kill you with by stabbing you with a poisoned mascara pencil for being badly dressed."
"Happy one year anniversary to my favorite royal couple!"
"aw, we are of the same cloth!!!"
"The goal is not to assign blame, but to glean any learning that will help me handle it better next time. Tenzing Norbu"
"I LOVE YOU TOO :D"
"I know because he obeys me 😜"
"Porn has two volumes. Mute, and too loud."
"Not 46% that's a very high # of dems who feel the wealthy contribute nothing- who do u think pays for our gov?"
"What are your plans for #Halloween? Planning to trick or treat at #Paradise Valley Mall? Come by and say hi!"
"I have nothing to do tonight."
"yeah color print on disc no cover tho,but I know who does a 1000 inserts for $50"
"you could always lower your standards."
"ABDC!! Finally starting in the west coast!"
"They say the beautifulest things in life are free"
"I can't wait to hear some cowboy songs from !"
"keep your car on the road your on the right path only GOD can judge you have my support hommie!"
"my favorite weather too"
"I know, went to the website and it only shown Little Rock."
"O.o"
"AYE. im back"
"glad you understand :)"
"Have a great weekend everybody, and Happy Mother's Day!"
"Wheelchair basketball the rage in Wisconsin"
"And that is in line with all other polls before that CBS/NYT poll. It must be bogus. Is the CNN poll recent?"
"Thanks everyone!"
"Just woke up with yea girl on my bed"
"Enjoyed helping my Mom navigate Linkedin. After 16 years teaching she is looking for a new career."
"Yeah, but I had to pay for mine... and no one has even noticed. lol!"
"Is anyone else terrified to see what criminal Florida will produce next?"
"If u think about it..people that are policemen are the people that were bullied back in highschool so they get authority"
"Life's hard man."
"thanks fo d s/o homie."
"Hey, lady!"
"whats been good my g"
"So Mighty Max was for boys and Polly Pocket was for girls? Learn something old everyday."
"Okay, if your too over weight to walk, then what the hell are you doing at an amusement park?"
"Happy Mother's Day to my awesome mother MRS. JUANITA GAINER!!!! POOF!!!!!"
"people who wanted Daren Rovell to shut up about attendence"
"please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 78"
"we'd be honored to throw a retirement dinner !"
"And ONE!"
"Was just reminded how lucky I am to have such an amazing guy in my life <3"
"I don't have Facebook, actually but if you DM me your name and address, I will send you a hard copy of Katelyn's album!"
"RIP Dick Clark - today we lost a legend, a force in the entertainment industry, and a real class act."
"Mine too! I love it so much!"
"nothing on my way to work unfortunately"
"“: Who pissed in Eric Cantor's cornflakes? #SOTU” how tempting to respond...."
"CNN makes the call: Santorum comes from behind in Alabama 3-way"
"Just crunched it so hard while watching tv as cady groves would say. I always say one minute more when I excercise. Makes a difference."
"when do you think we will bottom out? When is it a good time to buy?"
"Lot's of energy in the gym here. Both teams picking it up and crowd more into the game now."
"happy birthday bro"
"An #eye doc today compared #Glaucoma to a marathon. It's a long race that will require daily practice and commitment to preserve vision."
"Who Down To Txt Thoo ? (:"
"get involved in state organization"
"Good dialogue happening around improving the quality of public education. More parent involvement in kids school is a key finding"
"Paying for #gogo on flight so I dont miss a min of #ingnycm today! She's in the home stretch!!"
"Tired of having a 516 area code? Change it to a 212 area code...we have plenty to choose from starting as little as $50."
"#Momtoldme countless words of inspiration, encouragement& support. Her guidance& her prayers made me! Nothing like mamas love!"
"I'm didn't want to do it, because I'm really happy, and didn't have a question I needed to ask. So just asked, \"What do I need to know?\""
"what's up?"
"Lolgasm- The act of laughing so hard you can no longer breathe and have pain in your chest."
"I love ur voice u sound so sexy in da city lol"
"I need you in it to make it a lil better..lol When we can we chop it up a bit.?"
"he was like \"you trendy people, those aren't the words\""
"That's awesome! Once I finish up the last of my store-bought detergent, I'll make mine."
"RT : any word on that CP126 yet? // No word. Our guess is we probably aren't going to see any more of them."
"I have to get all four taken out because they are growing in sideways an I love my food."
"aw :) reminds me of u during our 65th street days...lol"
"it is. But took time to get it. Very thankful."
"Hence the phrase \"alleged\" in the title. We arent claiming its a Pulitzer Prize winning piece. All rumor...for right now."
"my dog has a boyfriend!!!! and i thought she was a lesbian"
"running my desktop pc off a teeny little flash drive right now (i mean physical size not storage)...crazy how flexible linux is"
"me three! “: Me too!!! RT : Real Housewives of Disney? I'd watch!”"
"D'oh."
"Debut party soon!"
"PS ladies, it's totally disgusting to blow your nose in the shower at the gym."
"Oh. My. God. Is this Turnbow 2.0? Way too soon to rush to judgement, I know. But still, I've seen this movie before."
"txt me lol"
"hows sorority life?"
"RT : RT : MYTH: a teacher must be an expert in using Technology to use it with kids."
"Picking up my new laptop...excited"
"Too bad Clippers. Ha!!! Losers!"
"a new summer, another day spent reading philosophy far from home"
"One time I had a dream that I was on waterside and the water was milk filled with cereal! I went the whole way down with my mouth wide open!"
"Already the hockey geniuses are predicting a Devils sweep despite Cats splitting the regular season series."
"7am dance team practice?"
"Thinking/planning/organizing/plotting is great....but ACTION is what puts you directly in your Purpose"
"Share your career knowledge and experience with current University of Pittsburgh OCC Honorary students. RSVP at 412-648-7145!"
"200 crunches and 3 mile run"
"sometimes it's best to hit bed early & rest. No shame in taking a break.. you can also try a Hi-Potion, works in Final Fantasy"
"|#quotes A leader has the vision and conviction that a dream can be achieved. He inspires the power and energy to get it done."
"I have never seen Jeff so wasted!!! It's the first night..."
"The new MISSION IMPOSSIBLE is #Amazing !!! Tom Cruise Killed that flick! AND Paula Patton = Sexiest woman ever!!! Good job Robin Thicke"
"oh please haha a dollar won't kill you! And if I'm on register I can just get you a drink"
"You're welcome :) I know you work super hard, I hope you get some rest & have some fun."
"ENGC... Shorts must cover today!!! Major run!!!"
"appreciate the shout!"
"Like I said, this is going to be a game of bad ref calls."
"Talk that talk to me all night"
"RT A 5 mile run this morning. Cross Training for the Bell Atlantic 50 floor Tower Climb on March 24, 2012."
"what kind of little kid doesn't like bubble tea? my picky son, of course!"
"I'm going to be okay"
"it's hilarious! Now it's thundering! Lol"
"Crotch torch"
"i did add u"
"Thank you for an incredible weekend surrounded by such amazing talented vet/writer peers & great mentors."
"Just found out that my single #laiditdown has entered on the 200 Billboard Gospel chart #didntknowthat grateful for everything :)"
"Yes, yes do it! If you decide on a style quick we can get a yeast starter going for you, we have saved a few vials."
". It is obvious that Charlie Angus was following the wrong Twitterers. The people I follow always make my day more interesting."
"Tired of Broken Promises"
"YOU GALS ROCK! Congrats on finishing your half marathon."
"for sure!! (: just text me and let me know when girly. We should all go to din din, park, or w/e. lol"
"UPEI's first learning community is shaping up nicely. Excellent technical support today from Thanks!"
"just remember what they pay their staff, that should provide sufficient context"
"#OneReasonILoveYou ; You are honestly one of the sweetest celebrities. Marry Me?♥"
"Oh, hey there, SF. How's it going?"
"RT : Patio time!"
"Ezra Pound – A Painting a Day"
"Oh great - another way for us geeks to be \"picked last\" - Thank you so much for bringing back high school gym."
"Prom is TOMORROW ! I'm excited .😁"
"Congrats! Good luck :) Looking forward to seeing it."
"has me in Ruth Chris watching this Heffalump try to eat the biggest burger EVER, smothered in Mayo and licking every finger"
"hey thanks for your tweet I showed my audience how Twitter worked! It was a great \"live\" illustration :)"
"Huge contingent from Marvin Elementary School here holding signs and bearind yellow T-shirts"
"He thinks the picture of us is cute ☺"
"Wish I could but your in the wrong district!"
"It's pretty rare for me to find a discussion of Victorian poetry that doesn't merely assume its worth, is the thing."
"think ur doing just fine :) Every fball show I listen to ur name always comes up as 1 of best in biz even not Pats centered 1s."
"Call of Duty: Zombies HD for iPad....yes."
"text me girllllfrienddd I missh your face. :("
"Racist intel commercial? I think so. My fellow #asian community what do y'all think?"
"Hate it when people think you like someone, when clearly you don't."
"You know you work with Nerds when you get company wide emails about Magic the Gathering."
"Give out (sow) what you want to receive (reap) :)"
"Thanks for favoriting, guys! Hope you'll follow us for more updates!"
"OUTTA NUTELLA....going to the store to get more...NOW!!!!Emergency!!!!"
"Nicknames I've already caught myself using for my six-day-old son: pal, buddy, special little guy, dude, sir poops-a-lot, captain toots."
"perfect good thing I'll be home for the graduation...kindergarten here we come!!!"
"Do publishers wearing marketing hats count?"
"Fellas...Gurls wit Long Hair or Short?????"
"Did your ice cream truck driver wear pants?"
"Hanging out with my bestfriendc: >>>>>>> hanging out with anyone else"
"I read it but idk what you're talking about"
"so this morning is terrible…been up since 3 working on stuff…then i get in my car 2 go 2 school & get around the corner 2 notice a flat tire"
"I talked to Kevin durant and he said \"a sweep was in order\"...I agree"
"Unemployed Portlander plans to promote solidarity for Wall Street by selling \"Occupy Portland\" T-shirts at tomorrow's event for $45."
"We have plenty swimsuits at j.crew!"
"- I watched the videos on Amazon. So bizarre & funny. For a serious look \"Those That Save Us\" by Jenna Blum - so interesting."
"“: I'm not settling for nobody I deserve the best and that's what I intend on getting ...” congrats on graduating Nee!!!"
"everyone should invest in a locking gas cap with gas going so high"
"I agree about the effects. Seems too dark. I loved the colorful take from Raimi. And I thought his Spider-Man was snarky enough."
"holy cow it's about time, bridge was under appreciated happy day"
"Facebook bought Instagram... Twitter is still my favorite"
"Cross Country Flight !"
"I can't stop!"
"Celebrating Momma's 75th Birthday!"
"I'm still a vegetarian! lol"
"def want to follow up about what we talked about."
"#Hawks ticketing staff participating in pictures to come..."
"In a new state ur willing to make a new story -"
"my day is all off today, woke up on the wrong side of the bed."
"I <3 MY MOMMY!"
"T1 - It's so hard to predict these things, but I think the endorsement by the AHA is encouraging."
"All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all. I just keep it almost naked. And probably the words are so bland. - Jimi Hendrix"
"It's nine and I'm still not at a coffee shop."
"I think I'm pretty good"
"Always a relief to send off an article, especially on Labor Day! This one's on San Diego's YachtFest, Sept. 17-20 on Shelter Island."
"LOVE THIS QUOTE <3 IT IS SO TRUE"
"AND YOUR GRANDPARENTS, TOO"
"Looking forward to tonight's BMANYC event. Join us on Twitter for real-time updates at"
"#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked \"Why do you love and ?\""
"Thats track is awesome. Good luck!"
"So knows where I am going but not where they put me. They tell me I am going to #PDX on a future trip when I am in"
"\": As I see no one wants to get embarrassed in 2k ? Lol #realtalk tho\" I hear you barking, but I don't see you stepping up"
"I agree. Staged."
"Shouldn't wine openers be a standard in all hotel rooms in France? Haha."
"#ohreally you think your Chris Brown??? lmao"
"When do you think you will expand to Europe? So want to use your product for my business!"
"HEY GROW UP!"
"ATTENTION PLZZZ. All people please follow me and We both got hacked! But losk 5K! *Bretana*"
"wonderful! Even if im still on the mend, come over for a glass of wine for a bit to visit, love to see u!!! holla atchur girl :)"
"Tomorrow-April 27 Earth Week: Bring any reusable bag to the Bookstore & get 20% off your general merchandise (excluding electronics&food)."
"ahh i love you andy! :) <3"
"'Payphone' music video is out!"
"Take a look at this awesome website www.rlimaging.com"
"I need instructions on how to use this instagram"
"We Build Apps, Let us make your App idea, a reality! Go PACKERS! Best! DonnO"
"This may be inappropriate but...I want to sex someone one last time before the New Year o_O #HowCome ? ... Shit"
"I'm in Woz lounge with time to kill before judging if you're around let me know."
"You RTed that for me didn't you? :-) This will be great!"
"For my first act of being done w/ grad school, I will bake lots and lots of cookies."
"Brushing your teeth in the shower saves you so much time."
"my last move is to Unfollow you;)"
"Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience. -George Bernard Shaw"
"Why do people sound like they're trying to get into the next edition \"highly sensitive cerebral quotes of the year to make your ex swoon\""
"Scouting High school & college."
"Jose are you selling that Cruiser? 78?"
"I cried myself to a nap.. Haha I was worried about someone"
"he said no more commodore, so now he gets to sound like a saturday morning cartoon character"
"stop what?!?"
"DM Me. I Wanna Talk To U About Shit I Cant Say On Twitter. U Still Got My Number?"
"#ConfessionNight I have somewhat of a foot fetish."
"I'm hungry and I want to eat something bad for me."
"RT : Wyatt: our catalog records should be *brimming over* with our RA expertise - awards, links to readalike lists."
"tired as all hell. Lmâø. You?"
"He did;however he altered it to where he has a nipple attachment for releasing bodily fluids,and the option of singing better"
"RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M..."
"- cool. You moved out, I moved in. I'm in #eastie now, was in Allston Ghetto for 3 years."
"#guiltypleasure RT : End your weekend on a high note with the Housewives of NJ, all new tonight at 10!"
"It is not about the loss, but understanding the lesson. Live to fight another day"
"dude! You just need to get a yea long gold membership!"
"in essence what I'm trying to get at, a MUCH smaller club. And Hamilton knows he would trade those 4 for Albert 3 any day."
"“: thank u for ur prayers” My pleasure this is the year of"
"Thank u for bringing up this race issue. Goes both ways, especially when certain analyst think RG3 will be better than Luck"
"If yu n LA this Sunday come support ya twitter patna D$Pimpn. Me and the crew performin 4 AfterMath Jive Sony Universal Records.Thank yu GOD"
"Congrats on first win!!"
"getting distracted in school thinking of"
"New Year's Eve will never be the same. Here's to a lifetime of memories. RIP Dick Clark."
"I so need to get home, gotta event in the am, Trust me I can sleep when I die and I plan to live a might long time :) Love all ya'll-Amanda"
"In this box of old pictures haha I was looking through them today"
"one minute please! x"
"That's why we entitled our documentary \"It's More Expensive To Do Nothing.\""
"Trust us, you won't want to miss this Halloween happening! Buy tickets today at lostweekend.eventbrite.com and enter discount code getlost."
"No way! Did it hit anyone?"
"no dice. I'm feeling like poo. Ugh."
"Sweet potato please RT : Q4 #FoodieChat What is your favorite kind of French Fry? Steak, Shoe String, Waffle, Crinkle or..."
"Gym time"
"Tnight on 10 on ABC5: State prison workers continue their protests over safety issues and low staffing; so what will Gov. Branstad do?"
"I might not be doing what you're doing but I'm doing something."
"haha I just realized you changed the hashtag ;)"
"\"State Property\" in my pants"
"I dont get you sometimes You do what u do but have problems wit what i do & dont even talk to me bout it. Assumptions will ruin good things"
"About to play a set w/ UnderGround Horns 's Place. 411 Atlantic ave and Bond st. If you're in the area come thru."
"you mean a frownie upside down (:"
"“: noel really ugly af'” so mean loo"
"> This Has Been Deandre on here But I have taken back the throne"
"Jake Atwood gave us so much great advice on Sales. Podcast is up!"
"If you ever get a chance to do a class w/ , do it. Learned so much. Thanks for hosting; Tom a great host (as usual)"
"I have had great luck with the reds & pinks by Pravana Chroma Silk Vivids. I only touch up about every 5 weeks. YMMV :)"
"Happy Cinco de Mayo to all of our followers!"
"I know. It's amazing how difficult it is to get Tweeps to go to other websites. Specially when u have to give out email/info"
"\"What is the meaning of life?\" \"I don't know but I think there's an app for that.\""
"We're pleading the 5th here. (-:"
"Breakfast makes me sleepy"
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. ~Aristotle Onassis"
"Miami is so live right now!"
"They're gonna have to name the love baby Mercedes..."
": Avacado may be the perfect food. That is all. ###"
"Cannot wait for #Madmen!"
"By \"little Tv\" are you referring to the one that no longer works?"
"A picture is worth a thousand words, but only one is need to describe pics of you... Gorgeous."
"Looking forward to rehearsal. I've got new songs I'm adding to the set list!! :-)"
"sire hook cpope up with a performance slot for June 23 n if available no bs"
"Don't give any more of an ego than he already has."
"I hope I'm as good for him as he is for me."
"Go Go Galway! RT : sending the rest of my information for NUIG on monday. SO NERVOUS/EXCITED."
"Asked to develop \"expected ettiqutte, guidelines, groundrules or policies\" for student use of Blogs@ Baruch beyond ToS -- any examples?"
"People judge you by the friends you keep, not by the ones you lost."
"#Taxes r not destroying middle class. Trade law enforcement on China is the culprit. Quit blamin successful people & small #business owners."
"lol @ “inciting fear of terrorism” - if that were a crime in the US, the prisons would be filled with politicians and members of the press."
"AP exams over and I had no motivation to go to class this morning."
"It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces."
"RT : RT : Everybody wanna hit da lottery but nobody wanna work and go get it! ==> they worked for the dolloar they ..."
"Happy Mother's Day! I hope you have a great day! You are awesome!"
". Heh. Never did really get the nap. Interrupted by phone call...back at the work. Who was I kidding?"
"I am now referring to the Texas Tech campus as the torture chamber for the next 3-4 weeks. Thanks Dr. Clark for the inspiration."
"so glad aubrey is gone, she is transparent and not someone the trumps should consider an apprentice"
"Knock KnockWho's there !Bullet !Bullet who ?Bullet all the hay and now he's hungry !"
"Amber....thank you so very much! This is GREAT!"
"It depends on many factors. But it may be possible."
"RT Be tall in your uniqueness allowing your life to radiant with your array of colours and joy."
"I asked Google if they would do it for their dataset. Not sure what they are going to do."
"People talk about helping tje middle class, what about use the low class..."
"I just used the word \"SICK,\" meaning \"awesome,\" unironically for the first time in my life. Because seriously, what I'm looking at is SICK."
"chocolate candy for breakfast/lunch? no bueno :("
"How much longer is Rush going to be alive?"
"Our offices close at noon today for Good Friday. Hope you guys have a super weekend!"
"So who making breakfast cuz I'm fuckin hungry"
"#HighBloodPressure Americans Aware of Functional Foods , Don 't Eat Them Enough Survey : Americans Aware of Functional Foods , Don 't Eat T"
"Thanks louis! 🙏"
"She got straight #nasty on video RT : Really bro RT: #SQUIRTER OF THE YEAR GOES IN APPEARANCE :-)"
"prom buddy we should coordinate, LMAO!!"
"Happy Mothers Day Mom!!! <3 you miss you can't wait to meet you again in heaven someday"
"Then as any real sister would I jacked For his savemoney tshirt & gave hima shirt w/a naked lady on it."
"THURSDAYS @ ALOFT (Tempe) Check out Diva Dj's Featuring DJ DESIGN!!"
"Happy 87th Birthday Grandpa Wayne. Not a day goes by that I don't think about you. I know your up there smiling down on all of us"
"I would like to get rid of the porn-bots that are following me but apparently cannot. So...hello, ladies!"
"How did you get started doing the freelance gig in BKK ?"
"Good luck remember to teach USA's 3 main exports: football, drinking games and porn"
"Great mtg with the MDO Admin Dept. Heads &"
"best episode ever!!"
"Fucking WORLD Tour. Son. I'm So Proud. xoxo"
"Just witnessed give the most intense karaoke show I've ever seen. I'll never hear Taio Cruz's \"Dynomite\" the same way again."
"IF you get an email from Google AdWords saying your ads are not running today be careful - it is a scam trying to get your login data."
"Seriously. I am fit to be tied, you guys. #Beat LA"
"Rest In Peace Girl. How I Wish I Could Be In Heaven! U Will Be Missed On Earth But We All Kno U Are In The BESTEST place EVER!"
"Anyone getting to #Netroots on that Tuesday & need a roomie? Thanks!"
"I said: \"What you mean by body count\" He went on to say: \"The amount of bodies she slept with\" -____- smh"
"I missed 's twitcam:( I'm so depressed. He hasn't replied to one of my comments in like 4 months . This is depressing."
"that's mean!!!!"
"Just going to stay in a watch movies.."
"is this making fun of Cole's nose or something"
"Studied my kerr map like crazy."
"I'm out here crying I'm so mad.."
"Monarch is so pretty!!!"
"\"initial adrenalin boost is gone\" - could very well summarize the long term fate of the Timbers in my opinion."
"That was a frustrating game that the US should have clinched in the first half."
"And he is cute"
"- Colbert is hilarious, shows all the joke that Citizens United is"
"Btw, good morning twitter peeps!"
"thanks man! i actually just moved up here. im enjoying it thoroughly. : )"
"Haha. Hardly, Tony. Hardly. This is why I need to NEVER watch sports. I bring every team I watch bad luck."
"Lakers are struggling against a Denver team who has no proven star and expect to beat OKC lol? I expect the Clippers to lose tomorrow fyi."
"THANKS for the Shout out on #FF! :)"
"They swear up & down the world is ending this year, & these MFs can't even get the weather right, smh"
"RT : Check out my blog to win a package of Cabot Creamery goodies"
"cuz he crazy as hell!"
"have you seen the Avengers movie yet? How does Stuttgart, Germany really look??"
"Attending The American Legion Department of Indiana Spring Conference's general session."
"What&#39;s Next For Elizabeth Warren?"
"In Hampden Halloween festival, just saw a man with black-face."
"did u do the homework???"
"Thanks Jenny for booking me on the photo shoot yesterday. Had loads of fun. Client told me he was very happy with result. -M"
"hahaha it was literally just us tweeting"
"p.s. - safety first"
"...you could always use a computer"
"Can't wait! RT : Looking FWD to seeing you Fred!! RT : In Montreal first part of next week at"
"I watched all of these movies like 5 times each I'm tired of watching these shits Frfr -_-"
"Want a #naturist special getaway $100 per night visit us"
"These customers this morning man..."
"Right on man! RT Focus!!! Don't want that feeling ever again!!!! #grizznation!!"
"For Union Rags' owner Wyeth, horses are in the blood - Bellingham Herald"
"Oppose policies that undermine women. Stand with We, the Women."
"Big sports day! Attending the Wood Memorial at Aqueduct, watching the Masters on my computer, and I have to see Jamie Moyer pitch tonight!"
"Seaside or mountain?"
"congratulations! We are following you closely and are so proud of you all!"
"Going to buy my Halloween horror night tickets!!!!"
"COFFEE & CUISINE Dinner on 12/14 ft: Yorkshire Pork: house made ham, country biscuits, red eye gravy"
"I'm kidding about having only a few dollars. I might have a few dollars more."
"Not a good day for packers."
"hope costume designer Eiko Ishioka gets loads of posthumous praise near awards season this year for her outstanding work on MIRROR MIRROR"
"thank you :) I love that I'm getting to help with shirts and banners! We need a ladies of SKC one!"
"thanks for the follow!"
"Great! Now Skynet can find both of you."
"#ThatEx you can make em cheat on his new b.tch"
"Reggae night is gonna blow it up 2night. Already crowded!"
"Cool Chicks Love Ice Cream..."
"Wee hah! A beautiful day! This week check out Sean, Willow and Michael at the Good Bike... they'll chill your Cuban coffee just right!"
"Wish I could go back to Texas"
"I settled for Milano mints lol"
"Maybe it's the effect of gorgeous weather, but today I removed all the complain-y people from my Facebook news feed."
"Beginning this weekend, look for Davalos Tequila inside all Lee's Discount Liquor locations!"
"Hahahaha omg you're too much steph"
"It's Election Day, DC! We need you to get out today to cast your ballot for Vince Gray for Mayor! For One City!"
"Amen!!! RT : I hate mothafuckas who lie about NOTHIN"
"Fuck Banfield!!!! Said my cat needed to be \"fixed\" only to find - they couldn't find anything to \"fix\". Oh, wait not done!!"
"WAIT WHAT ABOUT OUR OTHER MARRIAGE PARTNERS"
"Good job! I spent $300 at Marshalls, though some was for The Kid."
"it's always funny when some site posts \"rare photos\" online. so now there are 1,000,000,000 copies?"
"I love how my mom assumes i get up. the only person she actually wakes up is my sister. one day im just gunna stay asleep."
"Aww you're so sweet with giving back! I love this pic"
"really dude 300+ followers..."
"I really think its time for a change, I need to become a better person. I am gonna start over. now."
"Don't care what Tebow just did."
"CP3 is letting me down :("
"We love chocolate! RT : Studies show that 22% of all chocolate consumption takes place between 8pm & midnight."
"I'm seriously obsessed with the new record. Can't stop listening. Very, very, very excited to see them play next weekend!!"
"Inception was actually the first Blu I bought :D OMG Batman 89 must only be played on VCR! The fuzziness just adds to the"
"i'm with ya!"
"Sometimes I wish I was a dog"
"Appreciate the follows! Enjoy today."
"and & are bringing you 2hrs of #love with sets tomorrow midnight"
"Has a little more than one month until Future Leadership Boca 2009 takes off!"
"spring! the best antidepressant on the market."
"I'll be at THATCamp. If you're going, we should meet up and discuss DH at NU."
"It's crazy how we don't realize what's in store for us in the future and it's all up to us."
"What's the point of texting me if you're going to be boring...?"
"FFL MARCH BOOK SALE! ALL DAY TODAY! BOOKS FROM $1! BEST SELLERS, PAPERBACKS AND AMAZING DEALS! BRING THE WHOLE FAMILY"
"good to hear! You look beautiful in your profile pic."
"I haven't had the stout yet, but Chris said it was good"
"Thru the ups and downs she always smile ..i get that trait from her"
"I heard the news on the radio this morning! The tickets to get to Empire State building went down in 6 minutes after my post. Best fans <3"
"Justin wrote a song for Pattie to raise money for charity. Now tell me that he doesnt care?! Justin Is The Best Son And Idol."
"demand her/him to bring it up, lol. :]"
"I need some new followers..follow me and I will follow u"
"Haven't seen one pitch or highlight of the World Series."
"Loving Edinburgh but surprised that the curry:noncurry ratio puts London's East End to shame. Hey, Kismot: Yawp!"
"Rehearsal is fun"
"About Time iGot My Work Permit !"
"love that show!"
"#fridaylistens Deliver us from Evil by Baldacci - excellent narrator (McLarty) & a thrill ride of a story"
"No matter who you're trying to be, you are always gonna be the man in the mirror."
"Making Pie with mom today"
"I'm just striping to get thru my online college classes."
"In Milan for the day. <3"
"I read the synopsis and didn't think I'd like it...but just ordered the first one on eBay to see for myself!"
"RT if you love Niall Horan (Follow me, I'll follow you back)"
"LOL. Well said."
"ready to sell some phones?!"
"why thank you x"
"What's one thing you NEED in your backstage area? ;)"
"okay if u say so"
"he won't tell me"
"looks like it, just check for the updates. But thats how it looks"
"Lovely Ariel Bowman <3"
"Yep. It has to be one on one. Wensday in the restroom. During 7th."
"A good week to plan. Making a strong start to 2012. Thanks to tremendous support from a large village of people!"
"Do you pray because its a steering wheel or a spare tire?"
"Headed to Charlotte this week to do an intro at the Levine for their distinguished speakers lecture. Very amped to do so."
"i'v never cried this much before :'("
"its almost 10 your time...what the hell are you doing in bed still?"
"Finished hosting TEDWomen webinars for their sponsors and other TEDx organizers across the globe. What a spectacular event this one will..."
"Things you don't hear people say anymore... Let me go get my beanbag."
"Like elevate youth klfc on fb and follow us"
"was dope today :) too bad he lost $500 lol"
"Shit got real 😳"
"Join and me for #21CRadio tweet chat in an hour for a chance to win tix!"
"\"No, Grandpa, where you are IS where you live.\" The family side of"
"What are you hiding? Release your tax returns!"
"thanks for sharing Francis!"
": Just dawned me... Any advice on what to google? round decimals to percent & jquery?"
"We could do it. RT : Less then 2\" of rain by Sun would make this the wettest March at PDX on record!"
"Eating pizza for breakfeast hmm quite interesting..."
"RT Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others. - Cicero #Quote via"
"EXCELLENT rationalization! Thanks!"
"CORRECTION! : The median NET WORTH for single black women is $5 compared to $42k for white counterparts."
"send us ur music, photos and bio so we can feature you on , we def support Indie artists."
"I expect just as much love and respect as i give in return"
"u too!"
"did you stay up all night so you could make the interview!!? I understand..."
"Lets trend #chriscorradinoislegit for Chris"
"use the coupon code SHLOVE to get 15% off :)"
"Learned recently there are people who are cold, and there are Cold People.The first one from the Weather, the second kind from a cold heart."
"Damn my baby sick. She caught my cold smh."
"And with that scoreless inning, Kevin Gregg's ERA is now reduced to 21.89."
"Good morning world! Have a wonderful week! Don't miss out on our pre-sale offer! Today is the last day to get a 10% off use code GLMLAUNCH"
"RT: that would be my dear boy > You are very much correct, Andrew :)"
"oh, that asparagus dish at Septime sounds terrific. loved that restaurant!"
"glad you enjoyed the summit. we were happy to get great responses on priorities for"
"heads to winning schools for Oprah-style award reception. Uses content in #SocialMedia during \"off season.\""
"Can portfolio theory save lives? - Reuters"
"Finally got my 1 month old husky he's so cute with blue eyes!(:"
"recipes - sorry spell check chose wrong."
"Delivering bad news to good people always sucks. :("
"Love how mark brown is Arthur and some. awards."
"obviously a women that likes her hair pulled or maybe somebody wants too try it."
"My grammar goes out the window with hunger"
"When Tracy McGrady and Allen Iverson were relevant... lol"
"I would say Sundays usually but I have this weds off..."
"You can help by following www.twitter.com/californiaford"
"love you too! And thanks :)"
"You'd be surprised how hard is is to get a solid burger under $20 in the city."
"My micro prof Thinks he is HILARIOUS"
"More $ from reforms to SAFE, affordable housing and dedicating open space. Just a few of our Fed and State Leg..."
"Yeah I'm still in bed so what?"
"Happy Thanksgiving to you!"
"Smtm I forget 2 say hi, smtm I forget 2 reply, smtm my msg doesn’t reach u, but it doesnt mean I forget u.Im just giving u time to Miss me."
"you don't need instragram ;) you look amazing in normal pictures anyway!"
"Thanks for follow, As I am graphically challenged I will not enter the contest however should as she is not challenged"
"Hope you are having a Terrific Twitter Tuesday!"
"Just how \"friendly\" did they get? I had tell 'em \"I don't DO that on a first date\" while they were rooting around in my shorts"
"Teeth whitening is a great gift for a friend, spouse, employee or as contest winner prize. Call us today about gift certificates!"
"Today's #Pricing Tip: Many online consumers more often than not buy based on price or at least are very price sensitive- price accordingly!"
"come on :("
"` You Think I Love You.. Do I Look Like Cupid ? lols"
"Jokingly told I wanted to hear \"Just a Friend\" by Biz Markie last night... they closed the night with it."
"If you retweet one of my tweet,ohmygrande...!"
"ANY WAY BYE MY PEEPS HOME DOGS SAUSAGE BUISCITS OMAN IM HUNGRY AGAIN :/"
". Yes, it's good no kids were shot. But 2 r dead nonetheless. At what point do men of God stand up & say, enough? I say, ENOUGH!"
"I seen a baby cry seconds later he laughs...the beauty of life pain, pain never lasts."
"thank you so much! You guys were great to work with this weekend too! So much talent and respect! I'll b in Youngstown w fire n ice"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY GEO!"
"Went to the Brickyard 400 today...I almost screamed when I saw haha :)"
"no one asked you"
"Business is like riding a bicycle - either you keep moving or you fall down."
"The current strategy is showing no indications of a credible path to success, so you're setting up a false dichotomy."
"Yes. I hear thunder outside!!!!!"
"Wake up spider! Time to die."
"Just saw the new Bruce tour dates.Say it ain't so, Boss! No Milwaukee?! I'm just dancing in the dark, on this lonesome day."
"yeah he was in children's there a lot at the end it was presby as he was to old for children's. How often r u there?"
"Ive just started using tweetdeck, what an awesome tool!"
"anytime!! If your happy I'm happy! :)"
"Let me know how the library can help!"
"I have a feeling its going to be a great summer. :-)"
"First item on my move to do list: find the nearest Target."
"Ah did great on my test!!! Gonna take Calculus 2!! :) and got uniforms today... I. Hate. Them. Hahaha a gay guys worst nightmare lol :P"
"My gym routine IS my marketing strategy - but why am I not seeing any lift?"
"Both are lacking. We have a DVD player and are watching The Fighter. I'm watching Family Guy on my iPad"
"thank you so much. :)"
"Doing some production with"
"Bicycle bells are my favorite passive aggressive invention of all time."
"Occupy GSU \"litterbug\"- Went to Grady, spent the night in jail, then when appeard in court had all of his charges dropped."
"Thanks for the RT. Is Infinity at the conference? If not you should be next year in Dallas"
"did you get your dvds yet? are you gettin' sexy?"
"Welcome to Hollywood baby. I'm so proud of you."
"they always come back"
"chad always gives full effort"
"might have a trip to LA in June for a wedding! Might have to meetup!"
"And Alexis loves me more than Amanda."
"Eating sourkraut & pork today for that new years tradition!"
"it's ok prayers go out to you all!"
"Live erry day like it was Friday."
"\"HEY..(Jumps out of van) my names Jon, I'm 25 from MI & I love bologna lunchables, taxidermy, and dubstep..\" cc: lol"
"Joe, can I be your stowaway?"
"Swimsuit or do you need a fun bathing suit idea? #IHaveAnIdea! that is explosive. Peops will want your bathing suits. 1612"
"RT : Kentucky players and coaches complain about every single foul // & if u read ur timeline u always complain against the SEC"
"what up fam! Changed my name...holla at cha boy!"
"FBI: More than 300,000 could lose Web access by July"
"Imagine what your life would be like if you were not forgiven. Now think about what Jesus said was the greatest commandment"
"What's going on this weekend I should know about ? Much love"
"Once again... Kobe!!"
"Follow Me? Thanks :)"
"ha ha that would be awesome as long as you don't wear a uniform lol"
"With all the junk on the news, it's nice to see heroes like the Newark Mayor."
"It appears i'm at the bottom of the hill today. The shit river is pouring down."
"we're glad you approve! :) Do you think that you could email/DM us a blurb about the band to feature on our website?"
"LOVE IS UNPREDICTABLE"
"A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 0421 the city of #Venice was founded."
"You are depressing me..."
"Happy National Puppy Day! #Didyouknow Aromatherapy is safe for pets? My dog loves the Yun Aroma Diffuser!"
"is that at SDSU?"
"oh, so u only b on twitter now wt bout facebook"
"oh hunny, I'm sorry. :("
"Off to join alums from my alma mater as the Explorers take on Gdub in A10 play."
"Flemings Steakhouse Town & Country bitches."
"Spreading the Gospel of Love, Truth, and Blessedness"
"The main guy is a bit of a conspiracy theorist: he hates chemtrails. You might checkout for more on that horrible practice."
"Ersan headed to the line to shoot THREE. Bucks down 5 with 16.5 to play."
"not right now but I will be up there later on this summer like early june"
"My throat hurts:/"
"Lol true I'm going to change it ;) Thanks"
"Why is the work never finished?!?!? I just want to relax."
"Blueberries are great for you, frozen or fresh."
"i tried that with a car.....it didnt go so well....JK.LOL."
"You can TELL the president's nervous. He KNOWS this could be big..."
"‘We stayed for a delightful 3 days and loved it so much we are coming back. What a great find!’ Straight from our guest’s mouths!"
"Woot! Woot! Star Wars pancake molds from William Sonoma on Clearance! Guess what we are having for breakfast!"
"Jus makin it 2 church w/ da girls.. Good Morning World!"
"it helps to live close to a road city and have a wife who'll let me go away for days to try."
"Smart phones: making the boring parts of life bearable."
"Bi-partisan trade agreements. When did this turn into Attack of the Clones?"
"Free Introduction to The Aspen Program - Do you want to develop your psychic abilities? Everyone is psychic & everyone can improve..."
"awesome. Hope it all goes well."
"I have a ticket for at the Independent on May 17th. Anyone want to make me an offer for it?"
"How Do You Measure the ROI of Social Media? You Don't"
"you, yes you reading this FOLLOW>>>> ♥"
"this is true....RT : your the perfect woman, any man would be lucky to have you... Wish I didnt mess up.."
"My birthday is May 2nd also"
"what is this?! that was such a cute pic too!!"
"A1 Also, you have store brands in the competition now and their brands have greatly improved"
"Students don't make that distinction. The flatbeds don't let them do what they want, ergo, angry face."
"Absolutely! Next time, we must carve out more time to chat."
"Thanks so much! We LOVE the support!!"
"Deets on the Pleasant House (Bridgeport) fry RT : beer battered lake superior whitefish, hand-cut chunky chips, tartar sauce. $12"
"Hell yeah! RT OMG AN ARCHIE FAN UR AWSOME WOW,"
"we are in foundation room. Where are you?"
"I like dat"
"getting acclaimated to twitter is odd!!!!"
"That made me laugh so hard! God I have a sick sense of humor."
"Today @ 5 PM (PST) Call (323) 203-0815 to talk to Jim Beaver AKA \"Bobby Singer\" from the hit TV show \"Supernatural.\" Site: latalkradio.com"
"Happy National Small Business Week to all the other small businesses in the U.S.!"
"The best thing about winter is....."
"feet gross me out."
"no I didn't get it"
"Swear I just saw Rick Ross on the highway!"
"It's about that time ya'll"
"...feel better and have a nice sweet with some tea."
"Unfortunately we had to postpone Laughter is good for the heart. Sorry everyone!!"
"im such a mamona :\")"
"I was thinking the same thing. I'll try to invite those SJB freshies. I wanna get TGIF again. Mad good food"
"#oomf is on Twitter but can't text me back..that's cool."
"felicitaciones ganadora de Contest #WEPA! It was a pleasure meeting you at"
"please follow me please!!!:D"
"I wasn't put onto this Earth to be silent....lol"
"Did I just hear the song smart girl with a dumb booty?"
"Haven't yet, but we won't rule that out as we grow..."
"I had mcdonalds with a coke"
"Canned produce just as good as fresh produce?"
"You never believed me when i said and i never believe you when you say i love you."
"\"Do not follow where the path may lead. Go where there is no path...and leave a trail.\""
"Book Time Now!"
"When are you wanting to go? I have to finish some stuff at the office,"
"If you want to bring real representation to Irving join us today at 5p for our weekly phone bank. Our campaign office is at 2912 MacArthur."
"thanks. I was worried I am getting annoying with these updates."
"they are ! and when i see cute ones im like awww(:"
"There was literally zero chance that Prado wasn't swinging at that 3-1 pitch."
"lol.. u gotta be smokin that loud"
"#Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. - John F. Kennedy"
"Setting up pre-production for one of our upcoming videos... Love is love, which means you guys are gonna love us even more after this 1..."
"The weather in Boston is absolutely gorgeous...ALMOST makes it worthwhile enduring 3-4 months of arse-biting cold the rest of the year"
"i wish i had a gatorade😔"
"Tech sector rose up to Kill Bill 1 #SOPA invaders from entertainment industry. Now techies must Kill Bill 2 #CISPA -one of their own.Irony?"
":) RT : thanks again for such amazing service and amazing food..keep up the amazing work"
"I don't think its that late out rite now"
"Meeting new people out now makes me realize how much they bore me."
"That's the plan! :)"
"Come on up...not so bad here !!"
"I want to call her jane!"
"Ill take care of you...xo"
"hey goldie, what is a Papillon??"
"Tim Teufel's last name is German for \"devil\""
"Lookout for a NY Times feature tomorrow (5/23) on the new play I'm doing. WTC View"
":D RT \": #Leo 's are wild and loud in all areas of life.\""
"Happy Friday Ms. Johnson :-)"
"We need to have some people over. Our place is nice and clean. For once."
"Pssst... guess what? you're awesome."
"what made you want implants if you were already a perky C? Just curious, luv u!"
"Nothing like awkward questions from your cab driver about the Museum of Sex to help prep for a meeting!"
"I`m good, and you?"
"#newportfolk Sounds like it was a great weekend. Thanks to for the streams."
"Menstrating is for the birds ..."
"shit as long as you ain't in my presence"
"Goodmorning Bullets Fans"
"awl the lil baybehs, sang uh-round the weerld"
"Wait what?"
"Where All My Laker Fans At????"
"Crewsmas always brings great holiday cheer for the week. We can exchange FK into a different game. DM me your email addy"
"OMG! Preach it girl! “: so so so in love... with my new liberte blush!”"
"Real quick before I hit the sack uhh..."
"Who wants to win 2 tix to the #NIT ? Come back at NOON!"
"Nigguhs is tired way to early >.<"
"shuddup all you attention whores!"
"Congrats on getting key to the city! #pikeville #HillBillyDays2012 #miners #America's #Real #Source of"
"Maybe they'll release it the same summer as the Elfquest movie."
"RT \" #Scorpio's adapt easily.\"<confuses people. Jst remember this doesnt mean we like it; just the right incentive"
"great comeback and sweep!"
"I love my sons so much. I would do anything for them."
"good morning all. had fun scrolling my timeline and seeing and convo last night. crazy girls...lol"
"About to push away from the gate! See you Monday Milwaukee!"
"Please mention . I dont now you follow .i'll follow back . Just mention."
"\"Know or listen to those who know.\" ~Baltasar Gracian"
"Teachers are a convenient scapegoat for other more sinister agendas. I think Glenn Beck's Faith, Hope, Charity movement is a potential start"
"Ours are learning a three step process. One, (time out in garage). Two: Time out in the tub. Three Time out in the *full* tub."
"Hey friends! Do you have any #interview advice (or articles) you can share? I'm trying to get prepared for the next interviews. Thank you!"
"Just saw The Vow. cutest movie ever <3"
"Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is the Varsity Movie this weekend! Thanks !"
"Still not much action yet."
"yhur da 1 dat started dis crap.....nd I dnt like yhu...not even as a friend but okay..have a nice life nd leave me out of it"
"gender smoothies, gender priuses, gender tauruses --- new gender performances introduced by diane"
"I am a fan of Buff's. Last time we were at the Chicken Bone - the wings were ok but the beer was warm!"
"s/o to yourselves beautiful people"
"Ninja Focus Mode!"
"Thanks for the follow - any recruitment insight for today?"
"T2 - Certainly WM entering HC would force current system to respond with 'x' amount of innovation."
"Of course I mean *my* inlaws' old one."
"Tomorrow July 13th its a double dose of BS - Start your day with on Regis & Kelly then go to bed w Blake and Jimmy Fallon"
"Thank God! Another mediocre OF, I was worried we might do something helpful."
"Did you know love has no definition...."
". we heard about your shaving yourself + tattoo prop bet. How about doing it live on air?"
"I hate when people barely say shit to you in person then wanna text you later tryna conversate.."
"Speakers who talk about what life has taught them never fail to keep the attention of their listeners. Dale Carnegie"
"thanks for coming out and giving it a whirl!"
"Yea better than staying home RT : still ah touch road nuh true ."
"Well.. Guess it ain't real. *Kanye shrug"
"Today in my World Geography class I learned about Louisville, Kentucky :)"
"i missed my old icon<3"
"she does!"
". Too bad it wasn't cited well, bc that book is actually very good"
"Travel on Garnett r u kidding!!!"
"Not in any serious way, but want to learn more. Fave-ing mostly to remember to look back and learn about the hosted version."
"OSAMA IS DEAD! :D"
"No Problem! >_<"
"(((Annaliesje))) how was Vegas? Did you have fun & get a tan? Great to see you back online!"
"Thanks for following"
"idk you look familiar lol? Maybe from down southside or something idk"
"My favorite site about dirty cops is www.injusticeEverywhere.com, These guys are on 'em! Been a great writer's resource."
"RT People will judge your book by the cover. Make sure it's fab, unique, and that the title is readable in thumbprint size!"
"hm you kno lol .......you and your scooter lol"
"you're so lucky!"
"She said my skin is so smooth like chocolate syrup. Lol. What is chocolate syrup?"
"Thanks Beenie! He should be fine with the antibiotics!"
"Looking for interesting ways that nonprofits and educators use Twitter"
"Thanks to , my one-stop source for bug identification."
"i loved it :)"
"It's 180 days until the 161st ! Whose ready for a cream puff??"
"love the new website!! We still have your resources- we are waiting for the perfect job do we can use your artwork."
"you need a daylight ring! Get back inside!"
"#CIO, know someone, perhaps you, with new job, promo or retired? Pls let me know for my Movers&Shakers blog on DM me here, tx"
"no problem :) yes, but you're still more amazing."
"Have a Smoked Salmon and bagel Breakfast @ Firehook Bakery!"
"Lucky you. What year are you again?"
"what up twitter, havent been on here lately,,its crunch time,"
"can't wait…I have so many iBooks Author ideas for We need to talk…"
"Oh shit, sleepovers at tonight!"
"well done"
"Training at tonight!"
"Pulling out the #meh card when you don't know how to fight back in an arguement."
"lol yeah let's see what u say when u r 30. If u r already there and still feel that way. In which case that's just sad."
"I am just annoyed."
"My friends have a 6yr old daughter who chose herself to be Vegetarian at age 5. Parents are carnivores. Kind of wild!"
"I seriously hate bare feet."
"Don't judge me, just trying to get some free groceries *shrug*"
"Today was a good day;"
"Shaving my legs feels good :)"
"should it be shes a 10 or Ten, and is it beats or productions?"
"max you're my favorite band"
"thx but i use the organic approach. connecting 2 followers authentically"
"Somehow Sunday drinking has become a tradition for us...go America!"
"Realizing I need more single friends or I need to give up my dreams of traveling."
"wow Samantha and Captain Awesome"
"Hahaha I prob will ;-) Good one! RT : Die Hard"
"I have a boyfriend?!"
"Play me on Scramble With Friends! My username is: lyrensiren"
"hell of a show!!! if you missed the show tonight you ah nobody!!!! Much love !!!! Shout out to !!!"
"hahha., you keep putting dot dot dot.. Ahahah"
"Hahaha whatever helps you sleep at night! :D"
"you know i'm in!"
"Jumpball gives it back to Panthers...steal by Nored, foul by Ryan Allen. Dogs have it down one 5:00 to play"
"At Brit's Pub, contemplating the possibility of a pasties/pasties dinner and a show program."
"I hate the distance between us, I miss you every second of my life."
"My assistant is creating garage band songs in her spare time. I may have to put her on a project."
"Oh, Mr. Wonderful. He needs to be put in his place by someone, somewhere, somehow."
"Congrats! Jefferson District Champions! Boys Basketball."
"no D;"
"Something is going on!! My live is kinda taking a twist this week & I'm LOOOVVVING it!! WOOHOOOO!!!! YES ~ YES ~ YES!! :)"
"In #33hours .... Bieber Fever Will Strike iTunes And The World Will Go Bonkers !"
"thank u beautiful! Xoxo"
"I am assuming due to the ipad but does the article end up explaining why?"
"wtf? Go yo ass to sleep."
"my bad ill text you next time lol"
"just voted for you, you're awesome."
"what is her remedy? :)"
"I can't believe he has not been fired either. Why are you moving to Nashville?"
"RT : \"Everyone should write a book;....everyone has something to write wbout\""
"Congrats on your junior ring! ....Lets go get frozen pizza -__-. Smh."
"And on that note I'm going back to sleep..."
"I'm talking about fraternity and sororities."
"Follow Get the OFFICIAL Skai to #13k followers. She is the real Skai. SWEAR!!!!!!!!!"
"'if you don't like how he's playin than change the record'. Imagine that advice 4 us 2 yrs ago ;) #live&learn"
"RT : I'm burning up at this cool volcano display made out of lights and flowers"
"\"A-Rod\" is trending. That's a penis"
"What a wonderful day!"
"SO MUCH SHUSHING TODAY."
"I WANNA GET BACK GET BACK WITH YOU"
"Sitting at my desk wondering who paired a sleepy sock with my good sock."
"BIEBER'S CREEPING (: I gotta feeling<3"
"Sabermetrics work. It's about time the Astros got on board. This is the missing piece."
"An unhappy partner is often one who is hungry or tired. Or both. Help take a few things off his/her plate."
"Bonhoeffer graduate Jonathan Irwin just received the William Wilberforce Award for \"vigorously engaging the public square.\""
"a new xbox and I bought my dad a bluray player"
"Discuss how you translate & interpret business strategies to clarify direction & to gauge impact on current plans."
"how many tix are still available, is the game even close to selling out, or is it going to look like a 29th attendance?"
"what you know bout them night terrors"
"you are a good man Mark. Kevin will be thrilled. Can't wait to see you."
"btw, apartment hunting is a war and I'm losing."
"damn baby, pussy can't be ya only hustle"
"mikey<333. i would die if you tweeted mee. omg<3"
"#TheyNeedToBringBack the original episodes of Pokemon people be missing out lol"
"You are funny too!"
"Like you guys never panic when your arm gets stuck in a shirt sleeve."
"Support #Disneys #Chimpanzee opening weekend. $$ goes to Jane Goodall Institute"
"Just \"fleaed and Ticked\" Pixie. Now she looks like she has a mohawk!"
"Happy MLB opening day!"
"you forgot the part about if you repeat it often enough, it gets picked up. Key to the echo chamber."
"Is this the iBook version of Stage 13, or is it something else?"
"wish able bikini tan lines here on this kitti this year Quen"
"Don't have a FB page but love \"stalk me on Facebook\".. have a great day Steafan!"
"What is your favourite thing to do when you're sad, that will cheer you up.."
"lol , my tongue ring closed up ."
"I've had a lot on my mind lately but it's stuff I don't want to share on Twitter. So, I'm still around just not as jovial."
"I wanna go home! Im so tired"
"lol its alright u ain't got much longer short stuff"
"My girlfriend knows how to make me feel better about everything. I feel so loved and so lucky to have her :)"
"I will most def be in the building tomorrow night!"
"MGE says they set new power record today between 3 and 4p, just about the time I turned my vol knob to 11 on Dirt Road Anthem"
"LOL @ the obese couple driving by me w/ McDonald's earlier. Can't be mad that you're fat if drive thru fast food is your reg dinner."
"thanks for the RT, glad you agree."
"Small but mighty!!! RT Allan Guei with a transition dunk! Play of the Year candidate."
"Shut it!"
"Vance, it is a huge undertaking"
"Phil Phillips is my favorite so far, but I do love \"The Prayer\" and Jessica's great talent."
"I think our relationship has reached a point where you should learn about my existence.."
"Otg all day every day"
"2%......ride the lightning!"
"I'm not doing anything in most of my classes lol"
"It's Mother's Day, you are forgiven from all crazy acts. Well, at least forgiven by the people at Hallmark."
"chin up gurl!"
"Rock Chalk .... or something like that ..."
"Q1 Supportive of her interns, works internally and externally to improve the profession, collaborates w/profs."
"“You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.” -Wayne Gretzky"
"this cat I'm holding is a pervert o_0"
"Its weird how many people I follow or follow me that I dont actually speak to"
"Is it odd that the best chicken soup in Denver can be found at #India Oven on So Co Blvd? It's hot outside but I want more!"
"Grocery shop when the kids are in school. Kids they will pester you until you buy some junk food."
"So many questions I have,but few answers. However, if I only concentrate on the \"few\" I would never let the \"few\" become \"all\""
"I need to start my economics final !!"
"Could u just please follow !! Just please!!!!!! It would make my day better !!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!! ❤❤❤"
"thanks for the shout out!"
"Way to break out of the slump Betancourt"
"Merry Christmas and bless :-)"
"No more winter weather. When i wake up tmw i want it to be spring."
"I've been asked to perform 'Twas the Night Before Christmas at a show next weekend to benefit Whidbey Animals' Improvement Foundation."
"hi! Twitter is like AC filters...I try to remember to check monthly! Haha"
"tomorrow after the banquet!"
"No, she wasn't ready! Ctfu"
"you dont hate hispanics?"
"<3 you deserve the party part at least!"
"Hi IA Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact"
"If you want to be a better photographer, stand in front of more interesting stuff. - Jim Richardson"
"And I REALLY want an opinion/answer to my question plz"
"RT : Btwn massive debt & poor mgmt, American Airlines will bring a lot of excess baggage to any merger. Let's charge them for it."
"gotta pay your lawyer?"
"Out of control! Reloaded, Supserstar, Vanity!! Vanity is one of my favorites. Nothing on but the Radio. and Animal"
"Friends are relatives you create for yourself. Author -Eustace Deschampos"
"weak tweet"
"depends on perspective ;-)"
"For your plans in Tucson this weekend allow the chauffeur's at Integrity to take you to your destination safely and conveniently"
"- Music Row near the roundabout. Come check it out sometime!"
"funny my surprises in Syracuse always involved the sudden appearance of unexpected homeless people"
"I think you should join the judges' panel! You make a lot more sense!! Love u Louis!!!"
"Who likes $40 Sour Bubble and $20 Bubble Hash? 'Cos Tea Pot Lounge has them. Go and check it out!"
"Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date."
"More rumbling in NOLA NFL Suspends 4 players from the Saints! TG I can multi task fashion/football in one room!"
"I collected student journals each week and learned how to motivate each person based on what they shared. We connected."
"1st base side vs. Royals at Camden Yards, yep! Dove over empty seats and crushed my buddy's beer to get it."
"gl in scoop Dave!"
"Way to go Texas Rangers! That's my team. See ya again in the World Series!"
"Hope it all went well. And has been treating me well too."
"Ty and same to u Even if it's truly that day, someone will imply one of those words that end n \"ist\" and b insulted"
"ostensibly there is validity to the veracity of the claim that you are purporting simultaneously to the layman and intellectual"
"we order the Tacocopter on New Years day in Tahoe next time"
"oh my I bet poor girl having to come back to THIS.. It's"
"I don't use roofies... I use tequila they both work the same way."
"glee is making this studying so much better 👍"
"oh, def! I have that album... yes, the album, somewhere at my Dad's house lol."
"Shoutout to for her Bday! Huge music scene support, overall awesome person. Stokes for next Sat!"
"NORTHERN STARS, an exhibition of Finnish art, is coming in December, but Marimekko products arrive in The Collectors' Gallery next week."
"Lender says u hv 2 b behind in #mortgage pmts? DON'T BELIEVE THEM! Call a #housing counselor or a CDPE / #ShortSale agent."
"Danny looks like an anorexic child molester"
"#youknowwhatsannoying when you are really hungry and no energy to cook."
"To find your passion you must speak your truths and ready yourself to new adventures."
"what comes before part b? PARTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! be here at a 11 to get your party on people! its gonna be da bomb"
"For Presidents Day: \"Architecture is my chief delight\" Thomas Jefferson (even though today is really Washington & Lincoln)"
"Today was only Tuesday wow"
"I know its only NIT, but nice to see the #iowahawkeyes get a solid post season win last night."
"I'm beginning to think we can't draw with each other for points."
"DOT: I-40 CLOSED from Louisiana to Tucumcari, I-40, WB, CLOSED at 98th but expected to open soon. More road conditions on www.krqe.com."
"is a"
"Lay me down- dirty heads"
"You should be at my house right now"
"Have to find some of my old Smiths CDs."
"(We're okay. It was just smoke from an oven that needed to be cleaned!)"
"reports Dwyane Wade and LeBron James are not expected at Tuesday's NBA meetings."
"Playing the Sunday Brunch in The vineyard at The Ritz Carlton in Orlando Florida. 12-3 pm"
"got our apt. We're official. Welcoming all guests named Veronica."
"I'm not an actress but I'll improv my ass off to be on"
"Judging by my TL, most of you need to get laid."
"You can only hide in the bathroom for so long before people start questioning your digestive capabilities."
"wait what? i wasnt in never say never! where did you hear that? lol"
"Have anything planned for the weekend? Happy Friday!"
"GBMAA Elite,new Clash of the Titans Champions Was an honour competing with the boys again"
"Everyone's kicking it in this morning! Personal training, pumping iron, kettle bells, body Rock Bootcamp.-we rock!"
"Thank you! facebook.com/fitforthepart"
"Thanks, Ed Lopez Bankruptcy, for the mention on Sunday, April 15!"
"#legalmarketing tip for the day: When sending an invitation to someone to \"link in\" with you, CUSTOMIZE it. Remind them how they know you."
"Yes sir"
"I always find it funny that in a world that has so many different ways to communicate, communication among us still gets effed up a lot."
"Quiz is always good, even if we don't win ;)"
"#Daytona500 that didn't take long. It's gonna be a long night."
"Just saw #performchat in progress. We're talking about the link between connecting with the right people at the right time and success?"
"True. I loved Owen Meany the book. The film did that brilliant piece of writing no justice at all."
"You can tell me anything. I'll probably laugh and make fun of it, but you can still tell me anything."
"#MyFavoriteSongsEver Gin and Juice"
"FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word \"SUNSET\" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo"
"I know!! It's almost summer again!!!!"
"Thx, Erica. Sweet to see you drinking in the early phases."
"proud of you :-)"
"Love it! RT : I know you have nothing to do now all summer so I think its about time for some baseball w/ ?!"
"Very cool. Thank you. RT Try these, or the printers that these use."
"So...I'm getting sick. Yay."
"When you look me in the eyes and tell me that you love me, everything's alright when you're right here by my side."
"See, now I read (ok, scanned) that article to review the math. Just a typo, I guess."
"you tell me I'm a screwd up mess, that I never listen."
"What are the specials?"
"I LOVE YOUU! Love you too little Raegann :) <3"
"I h8 wen people call off work at the last min"
"follow me first"
"It's hailing for the second time today :-)"
"I will RT : Who is going to give me my Christmas fuck?"
"Aw,i feel special lol(;"
"isn't the grey one sick-- is sporting the grey with bright blue face right now--- very legit"
"Happy Easter!"
"RT : Congratulations to the late Manning Marable for winning the Pulitzer Prize for non-fiction!"
"YES!!! Interview #2 tomorrow :)"
"Learned the new term 'proofread that bitch'! i'm ready for the drag ball now. thank you zebra katz!"
"Monday is all ways a good day"
"Good morning America! Have a bless and productive day. :)"
"everyone get ready for \"Disconsolation\"! saturday! tell all your friends to give it a listen, I promise it sounds sick!"
"A spouse is someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single"
"“: \"You've got to be willing to lose everything to gain yourself.\" - #Lifeclass”"
"how did I know you would be the first to respond?! Cray cray"
"Serenity Saturday @ the Farm Associated Collective...Receive free meds all day with minimum donation."
"#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles big fat liar"
"Listening to #f8. I hope Zuck doesn't turn out to be the villain people think he is b/c he'll soon have enough power to take over the world."
"Two auditions down & two more to go! Busy Monday! 👍"
"Oh...Oh NO. Is all other coffee ruined for me now that I've been drinking nothing but #Stumptown for 1.5 years??"
"If a girl doesnt tell you right from wrong"
"You're pretty but when you speak no one wants to listen because all we hear is ugliness."
"I'm not being a smart ass I'm just being smart."
"not if i carry u on my bak"
"The MICA Vigil was incredible as always. Teaching drums, editing video, and eating cake all day."
"Hi & Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to a visit soon. Cheers!"
"I thank for defending my right to be an obnoxious Phillies fan in Washington. Amen."
"OK tweeps I'm at the Hospital. Thanks for the well wishes. It has made the morning better :). I didn't sleep well & I'm nervous but excited"
"I got a B"
"Vendor Negotiation. How are you going to avoid paying too much for your food?"
"Thanks for the shout out. Happy to follow your tweets!"
"few more years b4 that happens cuz"
".e, you too cute <3"
"The #kickstarter for our first book is live - support The Tall Trees of Tokyo by 's Matt Wagner & designed by"
"Listening to the new River City Extension here in the office. Get ready for your heads to explode in awesomeness on June 5th. cc/"
"i want you to #followme if you're a #cute #guy. :D lmfaoo."
"Oh hey, everyone. What's happening?"
"Thinking of you keeps me awake. Dreaming of you keeps me asleep. Being with you keeps me alive. But most of all, loving you keeps me happy."
"i agree. That is in my top 5 for sure. Val Kilmer's best role!"
"idk I guess the top of the Y could be like your thumb honestly I have no idea I just went along with it trololol~"
"You can still go to Franklin. Unless you don't want to."
"that bad?"
"Listening to Bossie Father God I've been betrayed.. my favorite song..Free Bossie :)"
"No. Not yet. But I will. I'd like to review your blogposts on the D Plane first."
"I have learned that as I move from the first step to the next step the challenges become harder and harder."
"= ) you're sweet"
"By massaging and gently pulling on your ears once per day increases your immune system, and protects your organs and tissue"
"I would love an #EngageorDie sticker! Excellent, succinct advice on so many levels!"
"Lolololol RT : RT : Owls are the only birds that can see the color blue.<how the fuck do we kno that, c'mon now."
"\"The enemy always fights you the hardest when he knows God has something great in store for you.\" Joel Osteen, Every Day a Friday"
"EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW HE FOLLOWS BACK!!!! FOLLOW HIM NOW!!(:"
"shout out 2 all my fans n up coming fans"
"Sweet dreams, all."
"Loved the movie \"Metropolis\". Seeing it with friends and a cup a tea would have been even better!"
"Thanks. I don't think it was dehydration. I hydrated well, but maybe electrolytes. I did use a Clif Shot..."
"Madonna&BritneyRulePop Lady Gaga is slowly shading out on music industry cause of her pathetic fans. Sorry monsters, u stepped on 2 fan base"
"OH: Legalize pot and our economy will BEAST"
"\"Please stand by me. I'm forever Yours....Faithfully.\""
"Studies have shown that massage therapy reduces depression and anxiety in people who get regular massages."
"Where are you guys from?"
"Angels score, lead Yankees 1-0 in the middle of the 3rd inning."
"that's amazing! congrats :)"
"I remember feeling rain drops sitting in stands for last couple innings of Kerry Wood's 20-strikeout game. #Cub reporter/cubreporter"
"Finishing up TBLMS with Brief Awakening then onto Spo Says"
"are you going to be at Austin's concert in NYC?"
"hey winners! how much are you enjoying your awesome prizes?? shout us out"
"Suprised I got a valentine ^.^ thanks for the gift udy :)"
"can I be one of the people you follow?"
"wanting a run."
"Yep, there was some definite sliminess. But I can't deny, 50% weight loss is impressive!!"
"I love this talk to text shit ☺"
"Thanks for tweeting about our giveaway :)"
"U need a Meagan night! V will be fine with her nanna 😉"
"I don't wanna get up at 5 am!!!"
"lol thank u what's good"
"and got a good thing going on here every Thursday....just sayin"
"Librarians w/ebook collections in their schools, what is your advice for a committee of librarians figuring out what to do, buy, think?"
"you had a dream you were in world of warcraft? What a nerd"
"Takeaway from Academic Unconference: we're not alone. We have common concerns."
"More people should go follow .!(:"
"I LOVE your song Dr.Bieber #swagg RT"
"listening to mixes with our producer Alex...this EP is getting close to finished!"
"#ReplaceEminemSongWithShady shady conscience"
"im following tellman"
"Having followed One Direction since their X Factor formation, it just totally makes my day to see them on"
"Good morning world!! check my music out at www.myspace.com/joridel425 let me know what u think. thanks!"
"/me blushes. Hey, we should hang out this week if you're in Madtown. I am this week as well."
"yeah yeah."
"How did you like Espana Tapas? I've been wanting to try it out. So far, I've heard good things!"
"AP Exams<<<"
"Thank you! Happy Friday."
"marry me"
"Imagine, that you have a giant, inflamed, hemorrhoid about the size of a golf ball, right in the entrance of your asshole"
"Don't sell your hair to a wig shop! Get !"
"Schools out for the summer!"
"Thanks, Laura. Looking forward..."
"thanks for the follow, admire the incredible work you do."
"Milwaukee Mustangs fall in their AFL season opener 71-65 to Arizona Rattlers. Rattlers scored winning TD with :05 left in game."
"I have a sneaky suspicion i'm the only one that didn't get the memo that 8 am class was canceled..."
"Its sweet man! Finished up last night! RT : how did the song turn out bro"
"Pens earned this loss. Hopefully this game will serve as a reminder that you have to play for 60 minutes, not 20."
"ily so much cant wait to here the song follow me please"
"$2.50 Bud light drafts all day. Come watch all your favorite Football Teams with us!!! We have Pro & College football packages!!!"
"I sometimes wonder who who actually dongs some of these chicks and gets them prego. Guys must not have any respect for their cock"
"Anytime! Gotta keep our PackerNation up to twitter date!"
"Penn State and Oakland underway..."
"Can't wait for #streetleage tomorrow! #stoked!!!! Cant wait for the gnarylest skateboard contest!"
"Kevin Millwood is as good at his job as George Costanza. Doing just enough to not get fired, all day everyday."
"Airport security line isn't too bad this morning. Will entertain myself by counting pairs of Uggs. (4 so far)"
"Haha, yeah Mandy is going to retire from the check Disney sent her for all the publicity she gave them ;-)"
"have those turned out ok?"
"“: hello loving the pic keep the good music going”_TYVM!"
"The backchannel conversation is *fascinating*. If you're not following the #bcb6 hashtag, check it out. Highlights, commentary from sessions"
"Maybe the NFL should run the US government...they seem more capable of putting petty bickering behind them to achieve resolution"
"Goodluck on your quest to becoming the #Healthieststate. We should chat about possible state vs. state comps."
"17 4 shots and expect to win?! Ya right"
"l didn't and her body she looked like a skelotion sick"
"Santorum: We're going to have to win on vision.\" biggest issue of day: govt robbing us of our fundamental freedom"
"It's been a LONG time since I've been on twitter. <3 #teamfollowback; I follow back!<3"
"I could. But I use it more as alternate assessment for individual, esp. for those kids ahead of the class."
"- yes, please ask him if he'll consider going into the Hall of Fame as a Redskin."
"My mom doesn't get my humor. I'm having a horrible conversation with her on my FB wall."
"Wonder what my baby doin?"
"listen up little lady, theres a kickback in my area, skaters&ballers jerkin, see dat hysteria, red cup in ya hand, they leavin you stayin"
"All the same..."
"Right? I saw the post and saw this job about an hour later! It's a reference position at Chicago State U."
"I'm pulling for Manchester."
"Some crenos and a polar pop is about to be delicious."
"Hahaha I love that you remember that! It's so unforgettable and would be an overnight YouTube sensation!!"
"If getting on my hands and knees before the Lord is what it will take then that's what i'll do."
"Happy Birthday to my little cousin I love you!!!! ;)"
"10, one full division of 10. So less players left in yours"
"and it came and went with nothing happening."
"thanks do much! FileZilla seems to be the FTP client of choice. Do you like it better than fetch for Mac?"
"survive and advance"
"1st: student presentation on economics of \"A League of Their Own\": baseball as a public good: non-excludable, non-rivalrous."
"Morgan just belched...she just declared our friendship even more!!"
"off to a 3 hour band practice with for our show at the on Saturday the 10th at 10pm. now, what wig to wear ;)"
"u good milly m m"
"When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, 'cause I still turn to you."
"Gotta love when your IP telephony system starts ringing off the hook on Friday afternoon."
"Beware of people who speak to you on the street and try to lure you into their dispensary. Trust only #CosmopolitanDispensary on Ellis St."
"dam thats where i was gona take you to eat for prom! xD"
"It now occurs to me you might've been being sarcastic."
"I have a MAC, but I can't rely on the software exclusively. And so..I still can't get away from the evil giant."
"“: i've been in and out of meetings and busy with mixing, recording, and my workouts... :)” dam living' life huh"
"G'night"
"Thanks, Karl -- I had a very slight preview of your good work earlier, fun to see"
"-- Are you asking a H2H daily question??? Really???"
"whats good!!!! tweet tweet..."
"Thanks for the follow! Do you sell #antiques in the US too?"
"I am so close to smoking a cigarette, even though I know I absolutely should not. Sinus surgery is heinous."
"I love Anthropology."
"Why not spend $10k worth of your time to improve your local school rather than earning $20k to send to private school. Rushkoff at Gathering"
"Work we meet again lol"
"I've watched it, rewatched it, watched it drunk... every time, the movie just underwhelms..."
"Having a great day? It's a beautiful day in #NYC, Jase. Thank you for checking in on Foursquare!"
": :Yes, I will be there!"
"you just funny lol"
"Getting up from the computer to go spend time with my husband after a long day."
"#CompleteThisTweet (Your response could appear in magazine!): Finding time to write is..."
"There's too much to do to be angry for a long time. I'm leaving that here"
"RT : #WorldSeries is all tied. Who do you got tonight - Cards or Rangers? RT with your prediction now."
"Happy #TravelTuesday! Today we are headed to for Texas Tourism Unity Dinner!"
"My followers make me feel special. ;)"
"Why did my mom shout me out on the radio... 😂😂😂 I can't"
"Oh so high..."
"LOL- had it been a long day?"
"aw baby Soph!"
"My mum is gonna kill me if she finds out Im tweeting :P"
"how do you feel about your new nfl record.. first int of a grandpa! lol! great job! WHO DAT!!"
"Why u be trippen?!"
"Coolness, thanks for the link!"
"Wanted: Sr. Interactive Designer to jump in & help with our fast growing biz! A plus if worked in #sportsbiz. We have awesome clients!"
"One 10th Region coach on Happy Osborne to Montgomery County: \"It's not rumblings, it's a fact.\""
"Happy birthday RAY RAY"
"#sacscoc Getting better data research-based instruction works. Students are more responsible for their learning."
"Prom tommorow! Perfect date, beautiful dress and really good friends. #excited 😃👫👗"
"Hunkering down to do some reading for class and realizing I'm EXHAUSTED."
"what exactly happened to him?"
"Heard the thunder here over the game on the tv's!"
"Ran all over creation, but I got my Mother's Day present assembled. Also, it was a #Sonic #oceanwater kind of midnight. ;)"
"#Miami Happy Hour Starts in 25 min! $5 wine & cheese and charcuterie platters available at !!!"
"cereal... Too bad they're not playing anywhere in Cali this summer..."
"Congrats on going social !"
"Court officer to p atty: no need to split jury pizza cost.\" No lunch break. They gotta be ready to announce..."
"i dont like dark girls"
"Wanna Hear A Joke ? , Your Boyfriend . !"
"Go Chris"
"Get out your guns, it's time to start a fight."
"thanks for following, I'm following YOU closely"
"Im not gonna wear that dress anymore.... because of that one comment."
"I'm not a big fan of country at all (odd; I live in Nashville) but I LOVE Blake Shelton's 'Over'. Only thing makin' it country is his voice."
"Oh yea! I liked him too! Gosh, Titanic is an AMAZING film!! ;)"
"G'Nite kel. sweet dreams luv! ...hope ya have a nice day tomorrow. Xo"
"OK. Sit down, enter the Internet. Dumb."
"One of the more frustrating mornings ever. Woke up 20 mins late, baby wouldn't eat breakfast, missed my bus and stuck in traffic on 2nd bus."
"we're going to have a fundraiser to get you to Madison this summer :)"
"you're missing the fight tonight!? Slackin' -.-"
"Had meetings in Webex, GoToMeeting and Skype this morning. Maybe I'll get around to opening a design application after lunch!"
"he also sent me a picture of u idk why"
"Beat Candida: From Thrush to Chronic Fatigue - How to Recognise ..."
"Watching Lilo and Stitch and eating ETS"
"We appreciate the follow, Steve."
"Who are you? Princess Valhalla What are your superpowers? I don't have a vagina."
"he had seen y which was nothing unusual."
"Media presidents: tablet/digital publishing business model is murky. Maintaining presence everywhere, not sure what will pan out"
"american tv doesn't GET tennis. they don't see it as sport, can't expect them to give time to trophy ceremony. pfft."
"Our 1914 icebox sits over a 3-lb lead sheet w/an old well beneath. Walls may be lined w/tin, zinc, cork, seaweed, other...."
"Planning salads for a summer party: chicken, chickpea, potato, bean/bacon, cuke/dill, tomato, and ???"
"Big fan here man! Keep those hits coming."
"Dean Kamen describing creating robotic prosthetic arms for wounded warriors. Awesome"
"Ben:\"have u ever played Hey Cow\"? Courtney;\"have U been listening to me talk to the other girls?"
"This is why I never do the previews lol"
"Art walk and square one."
"Yeah I know. They sound horrible too!"
"would like to discuss how symbaloo as one of the 7 fantastic social media tools can help PLE development in Sidney."
"Graduate na me!!"
"Let me know how #nardigras goes.. I can't make it to #NewOrleans this year"
"Joe.... suck it. How is that for aggressive?"
"Out to get ice cream with the minions"
"we listen. Start talking."
"I'm awake somehow...but anywho it's Mario day!"
"Its okay take you on Jerry springer beat your ASS legally! :)"
"#FF Teacher Appreciation Week Edition:"
"Watch the tomorrow at Naz Kupelian Salon. Catch all the fashion & get royal beauty tips from our makeup artist & stylists!"
"RT : New blog post: From the Hart: Blogging with Hillary Hart on Improving the Practice of Technical Communication..."
"4sho. Stay tuned qt pie. I got it all on deck."
"gives me hope<3"
"My baby needs to get better :c"
"Never won, though he should have."
"This morning's challenge: coordinating any type of interview with a source in Singapore"
"I'm pretty sure the most awesome friend would get drake tickets Okc feb28 for someone's 21st on the 26th ;) ;)"
"yes I am awesome? Why thank you sir!"
"Want to make your voice heard to the School Board? Come on down to Central Services on Vliet St. tonight!"
"My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don t have enough on my plate."
"omg JB IS ON AND HE NEEDS TO NOTICE ME! MAKE HIM NOTICE ME!!!"
"I love my little country boy. <3"
"I am so enjoying our shared wedding pinterest planning! If I see cool branch pics I'll def pin them for you. :)"
"Diggin on u, diggin on me..."
"I've got the \"turning beer into pee\" routine perfected. Now if I can figure out how to reverse the process then I'll be rich!"
"It's easy to make labels or envelopes in Word 2007 — just go to Tools > Letters & Mailings > Envelopes and Labels."
"Its all happening!!!!"
"Somebody has GOT to kill Future....like yesterday"
"worst headache 😔👎"
"Blood is badly needed at hospitals in Temple, TX for the wounded from Ft. Hood. If you have friends in Central TX, encourage them to give!"
"Blueprint Raises $15.9 Million in Growth Capital - EON: Enhanced Online News (press release)"
"I think you're referencing the truck from World of Jenks. It was a Jeep Commander :-)"
"Don't look at the new Prada Cadillac/Flame shoes or you'll never pay your bills again. Waaaaaahhhh!"
"is the reissue gonna have the same DVD Danny Todd made? Or is it gonna be a different one?"
"So true. My boys & I are big fans of everything Ghibli, Cowboy BeBop, & Samurai Jack. Never felt it 4 Disney."
"Washing your sheets every week."
"I really wish this song didn't come on..."
"haha..yes. Kind of. Free all week next week though. SUSHI."
"If you love baseball in its purest form; how can you not love seeing Chipper Jones hit game winner in extra innings."
"I was #4 at my polling place at 7:05. Was the first to use a passport as ID though."
"Adobe's latest CS version 5.5 was introduced today. Nice chance to ask questions to Adobe Evangelists via Facebook. And all were answered."
"On my way to Cianjur.. *blessed"
"we like ice cream."
"Service Will Start @ 11:30 am on Sundays We Will Have A night Session On Friday We Will Swagg Out To The Max So Be Readdy !!!!!!"
"A law that made it illegal to lie about military medals has just been overturned. Also, my resumé just got interesting."
"That awkward moment when the sex is over it's 3am and he's leaving & says, \" this was fun!\""
"the question was about \"sacrifice\" currently average people have been hit hard by recession"
"I can't wait to get home I got some skulls I crush lol"
". storyteller Dr. Chris Kraft is a Hopkins expert on gender psychology. Oh, & he was in Madonna's 'Material Girl' video. Seriously."
"dont have a phone either."
"So fly - Childish Gambino"
"thanks for meeting up for coffee. I look forward to lots of good Hennepin-Minneapolis collaboration and sharing!"
"Please RT is looking 4 lunch spots.if u know of any businesses that would like country cookin @ their door pls let us know"
"That's how you knock out a number seed! #underdogs #districts #nextround!"
"personal business is ment for face to face or to just pick up the damn phone"
"you're my life♥"
"My grades are looking pretty bomb right now. Leggo celebrate!"
"when you attack a-holes, you attack my profession"
"I just recently bought a PSP &cant afford any of the wonderful games... Can i have a code for MLB10? Pretty pretty please??"
"The United States Treasury just took my money."
"... the baby is watching the game, so if anything bad happens, blame it on shaving his beard off :)"
"the best show of all times hands down had to be all that! damn i miss the 90s!!"
"Ah, the 6:30am (CST) train back to Chicago.... my favorite."
"can you same day fed ex some to Texas?!"
"how waz your day?"
"you back at home yet?"
"They say \"Hell hath no fury like a scorned woman\" and that's true, but have you ever met a pissed-off Aussie - hell hath no fury - period."
"Looks like warmer weather is on the horizon!"
"On the way to the Hill to defend TE funding for preservation...."
"this sat!"
"Scott, would love to meet you at #ctia. Please DM me"
"I mind my business on things I know nothing about"
"Hah! True! :) RT : Of course it does - you're paying for consulting!"
"Trailers packed up !! Ready to hit the road!"
"Hey guys, guess what? The live stream of OB2 that I posted earlier has just made it past the Glitch! EXPLAIN! :D"
"I want to go camping already!"
"where i live at is soo good..go to the beach every hot day..and do lots of things in florida:)"
"tonight is like out of a movie... so glad i chose this night to stay in."
"Where you at Mr. Aint heard no comments from you in 22 hrs. lol Hope all is well"
"Dear non-education friends and followers: apologies in advance for the nine million tweets from #TEDxNYED you're about to see."
"<--needs a girls night out. Anyone free this weekend and wanna hang? Share a meal? Whatever else?"
"My pleasure! Glad you had fun!! :)"
"American university interview!"
"If someone post 4+ times on same topic, I get annoyed. But if I see loads of ppl in network on same topic, I want in"
"I just slept until 5? Oh boy, not good..."
"always needing a sweater, smh"
"Waiting for my boo to come home so we can smoke blunts. C:"
"Hey west side!"
"www.Platinumposts.com Support us!"
"Congrats Jacqueline Kennedy for getting a SAG waiver on Joyful Noise - starring DOLLY PARTON AND QUEEN LATIFAH"
"Yeah I don't always see what the motivation is to \"share your comment!\" Maybe sparks in-group chat people don't post."
"both won't work so I'll chose you :p"
"Congratulations on your new bundle of joy!"
"The new IndyCar from the back looks so ugly. They ruined that look."
"#museweb Great addition to NMAI's website portfolio. Looking forward to hearing Matt Fisher this week to discover the source of creativity"
"hahaha ;D ..always ..well i try, makes life easier &go smoother :)"
"NoT to mention..its supposed to rain on my wedding day.. -___-"
"There went my chance with him. Right out the door."
"I love The Shins. Good, springtime music. RT : in my happy place... listening to The Shins"
"It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day in the neighborhood.... Would you be mine...."
"\"Sometimes the beauty of life / Hits like lightening washing everything clear/ And these dimmers of doubt flicker/ Fade out and disappear\""
"I think it's just an extension of what might be American \"received pronunciation\" (standard) accent."
"Welcome to twitter !"
"Anyone have a favorite, quick lunch-type eatery in Boston? If so, let me know!"
"who broke into their home at about 2 a.m. last week, tormented a family, sexually assaulted the mother and her daughter, 10,."
"Was gonna read an article before I retweeted it, but then was like YOLOOOOOOOO"
"Just wondering :) Also, congrats on the end of your tenure! Although I'm sure it's also bittersweet."
"#buckyvsducky tomorrow! Need to get some work done before then though."
"\"Your voice was the soundtrack of my summer Do you know your unlike any other?\""
"Control System"
"watching the video makes me want to go and break a world record...or break an actual record...or both."
"very blessed!:) thank u!:)"
"Had a cville debut pint of Boxcar at last night! Looking forward the big batch."
"I am on the hunt for Roman costumes for this Roman shoot! Help. Where should I go NYC?"
"hey big bro I love the commercial ...."
"Hi Shirley! Home? I'm doing well. Have to be up at 3 am but can't sleep. How r u doing?"
"thanks for the shoutout- i need more followers"
"ahah HEY YOU! yeah you. your birthday is in three days. haha just letting you know that i remember.(;"
"I know, right?"
"I would still prefer President Herman Cain over President Bachmann, President Perry, etc."
"\" hold me, whatever lies beyond this morning. just a little later on. regardless of warnings, the future doesnt scare me at all. nothing's.."
"Well now I feel as cool as working from home since there's a tornado on the way!"
"Sure, please email Yu Sze at the School of Management at this email: ysang [at] nyit [dot] edu. Hope that helps...best of luck!"
"When a guy wears skinny jeans that are way too tight…"
"They also have Fresca. It's a game-changer RT : COOKIES! This changes everything RT Delta has cookies"
"Love Miami's new uniforms."
"re: readhead...January is always the best time to try a new hair color!"
"#imagine Austin:whats her name cause im overly attracted and terribly convinced tht she could be mine forever Alex:*yourname* tht it -anna"
"Wrote some jokes about God and my whole family sick!, there just jokes God"
"if we have at least 15 ppl, then it's like $4 per person. Last tweet up wasn't quite free either."
"Why do people want to be envied?"
"Twitter keeps changing my location, but I looked out the window and the building hasn't gone anywhere."
"#brettbielema is a terrible clock manager"
"wow i dont understand how you have OH SOO many Haters cus honestly you seem like A TOTALLY RAD dude(:"
"i remember those crazy times we had together,& amazing hugs you gave to & then all of a sudden you break my heart into a million pieces"
"I wish you wouldn't."
"Library of the Future session is packed. So fun."
"I Luv Ice Cream..."
"Lost half a toenail to punk rock last night."
"play that #burningMoney we #bang that shit down south !!!"
"OMG BO sighting on the Whit House lawn. He's peeing on a tree."
"hi mo. I love you. And also, you should answer the phone"
"#Boston Worst hits 500 followers! My work is not done. I know at least 500 scumbags that I need to tweet!! You don't want to be"
"Know any great sites to post infographics?"
"ALCL on the run thin on level 2"
"My bad"
"#ItsCuteWhen my boyfriend kisses me and doesn't want to stop!"
"Thanks for the tweet :>"
"I seriously think this school is retarded"
"Elease weave still on point"
"ok, & we sure word! we should talk on facebook when you come back so we won't be all over everyone's TL, haha <333"
"RT : Got Accepted into St. John's University in New York :) -> Congratulations !"
"I guess I been complaining about my back enough. He told me to get a heat pad but I was being hardheaded so he went and bought 1 for me ☺!"
"Good morning."
"hell yeah that Arab on at 64th on the strip be tweakin"
"oh but ill just go friday c:"
"I meant sex, but I hit c instead and then t changes it to 2nd"
"easter bunny comes tonight!"
"It's a tent sale this weekend at Gadhafi's!"
"RT : Cassie Scallon rocked the double, winning both the 50k and 25k for the women! Great job Cassie!!"
"Ok now I need a girls name for my story"
"Blessed Christmas to all my tweeps. Thanks for your interest in #SeaWorld, #Spurs , #acting, and me!"
"And repeating. RT : It's something we've been saying for years, but these things need boiling down to soundbites sometimes."
"Thanks, man! We appreciate that!"
"As usual, we're still going strong. Slide in here."
"GOAL! BLUES WILL WIN THIS!"
"Co-worker just asked me to try her guacamole to see if it tastes funny. Because being half Puerto Rican makes me an expert at such things."
"I'll leave you alone as soon as I talk to your lawyer. Quit acting like a female, work shit out like a real man."
"As soon as I got salad I spent it all on dressing."
"Compulsive you say? I'm a compulsive fan of my followers and I'm so glad you're part of the gang. Have a wonderful weekend!"
"Definitely! :D"
"Iapparently an accident on the Commodore Barry has been causing major delays for folks heading to PPL on 95 & the Blue Route."
"give the defense and the kicker the offenses salary."
"I am not touching myself during class."
"i havent seen that actually! I love it tho! great find, ill have to put it on pinterest haha"
"of course (: follow me <333"
"Loved chatting with the folks at last week at about how fun events are 4 #moms and #moms2be!"
"this nigga just bit my neck.... crazy mf!"
"I was just remembering the day I met I was so awkward, its all a blur. i dont even remember saying bye. lol, omg."
"I mean anything but send her cash right?"
"JK Rowling's new book: the 'Harry Potter' characters react - Washington Post (blog)"
"GHOST ADVENTURES?!!?"
"aww me too! love that pic of us!!"
"Leaving in 5 minutes :'(."
"Tell that guy to get on Twitter. He's got a lot of good nonsense to spout."
"whenever I kill a bug, I always leave the body where I killed it so the other bugs know whats comin if they ever try n' fux with me"
"morning cub, I'm just swell, how are things?"
"A 'hands-on' training for w/ the Pack TE group? That's cool during lockout right?"
"Thanks for Following us ! “New Follower Coupon” (FEI042011avc) and get 10% off most of our products, call in only, one time use."
"Right on the line, but close enough to my actual interests to make my finger hover over the Report As Spam button & not press it."
"Yes... Originally Pittsburgh 😄 RT “: are you from PA originally?”"
"Just watched 's Oscar worthy performance in the Game Plan..."
"I had no homework yesterday but the rest of the week is gonna be busy."
"Great post, should be required reading for all managers/executives. Empowering individuals is more effective than giving orders."
"Skin cells have been converted directly into cells which develop into the main components of the brain, by researchers in California."
"I'm a fan of right out of the fridge :D"
"Will never ever take walking on my own two feet for granted again! Recovering from ankle surgery - still - cast comes off next Friday!"
"Letting things go that don't mean any good to me so God can use me the way he wants to"
"HAHAA! I love you guys!"
"i'm sorry i didnt get an email from you!"
"sorry guys meant #28. Still let's go Ryan you can do this."
"I would love to write a book but I'm still not sure about what. I have a few ideas but not sure if I would have enough to finish it."
"I don't get the allure of really red lipstick"
"Should I play sims on my iPhone or drink water?"
"British porn star Holly Wellin -- who, according to Wikipedia, is"
"The thing about fell asleep way before your usual bedtime: now awake after midnight & chatting w/ folks from the other side of the pond"
"You know when someone is just a little too hard on himself... And you just want to tell them it's ok to have that 1 donut."
"Pulitzer Prize board now accepting online nominations. Welcome to the 21st century."
"Happy Birthday Unicorn Power!"
"I want a miniature zoo full of miniature animals from all around the world. That would be awesome."
"Take solace, Beasties fans: MCA will live forever, in our hearts and, thanks to the scientists at Snoop & Dre Technologies, our holograms."
"Just noticed that Kim Kardashian is reading \"The Joy of Quantum Physics\" on the California tourism commercial. Someone has a sense of humor."
"But me without my platforms ...not happening. From my cold dead hands :)"
"They should make a movie about Portland! I loved the video! :)"
"Actor? Writer? Director? Sports fan? Follow Michael Forman, talent manager I assist"
"It's finally the weekend!!!"
"Agreed thats why I dont like move."
"I don't need anger management. People just need to stop being so stupid"
"Waiting for my Sushi @ Kabutu. Yum. Good Sushi is worth the wait. Kabutu Rocks! Watching Idol & Glee tonight! Did I just say that?"
"\"This tweet is your tweet!\" I love #folkmusic !"
"“: Listening to , I really want to catch a show sometime!” DO IT!"
"You're Welcome! RT : Thanks for hosting the #FS4Moms Spa Treatment contest! Winner announced Tuesday!"
"there's nothing wrong with pre-gaming on the train!"
"Hey! Please Follow Back. :D xoxo"
"Happy 7 months to my babe ❤👍😘"
"What is the one #energy efficient device or appliance you can't live without?"
"Just read it somewhere: \"I like having two men at once - one cooking, one cleaning\""
"#SDSU Steve Fisher telling his players to behave at football game. I feel obliged to listen"
"Wondering how many people would be harmed if I was aloud to have a gun? hahahaha"
"gahh. i think your close! i got section GA, row GA2, seats 194-196!"
"It's just 3 days... It's just 3 days..."
"Teaching *Glengarry Glen Ross* on Thursday. Already had emails from students horrified by profanity in the play."
"I've never met anyone who has been to Siberia! Are there any on twitter?"
"the fave to win Cup rarely does. Wings have been \"locks\" to win Cup, as Pens r this year, & have fallen flat. I know the pain"
"I always thought, \"minus well,\" was a joke until I someone in my family texted it to me. I have stupid people in my family."
"bad news on the door step, i couldnt take one more step--maybe/// 10news4sale. Corporate doesn't believe consumer media is a good fit"
"Snooki from “Jersey Shore” Lied: She Really is Pregnant!"
"Follow me! Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating!;)"
"i messaged you.. hurry up.. i need to wash my nappy head lmfao"
"Israel, Palestinians....\"need to come to terms.\" Di Carlo"
"I'm not even sure relationships exist anymore 😔"
"Watching AMA with my love"
"A reminder not to be risk-averse comes up at #PRSAHoosier board retreat. Be willing to #fail. How many of your goal start with that?"
"I don't think so... It said some more gonna come out later this year"
"We will be relaunching our complete New Cambridge Shakespeare series (NCS) this April - Are you ready for it? : D"
"A very sad loss in Christian Broadcasting with the loss of Tom Dooley."
"she's a soldier"
"Happy Friday! Well deserved"
"best mariquitas (plantain chips) & even tho im from philly the steak sandwich (pan con bistec) is on point. super cute hostess 2"
"I wish I could come to the Culinary Historians event, but I won't be able to. Hope to see you somewhere sometime though."
"working on new designs for my company. www.stateauthentics.com"
"that's all we ask :)"
"So I have a bit of possibly secret news that yall might already know...x)"
"The power of networking and marketing yourself is essential in any business!"
"What a great night, the #SCSUHuskies won 2-1 against the UMD Bulldogs!! :)"
"Sending positive vibes."
"in this game you only use when you fight back."
"Sale: Office furniture us at 317-917-3266 or inbox me for pics or come by our office at 4755 Kingsway Drive ~ Indianapolis"
"Can't believe I almost got arrested for asking a question about he's girlfriend .. Lmfao smh"
"Oh man, that was a loaded preview! Good luck and can't wait to read it."
"nothing, good(: omg new pic again!"
"so we can try and cheat on the replays now?"
"RT :Just spoke with Rachel at the about the potential opportunity four to guest blog this summer!"
"i finally get to see ! Friday & Saturday at bamboozle :)"
"Otto, night moose!"
"RT : RT Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to achieve it. #☚THAT"
"I'd rather be black as shit and fine as hell instead of light skinned and basic"
"Mother's Day is Sunday! Treat her to a first class experience! Call us today to set up an appointment for Mom."
"- love the media day coverage!"
"Ball so hard muthrfuckers wana fine me..."
"these #oscars are horrible bro....horrible."
"We are hosting the Jobs for America's Graduates, JAG Regional Career Development Conference here today!"
"Gotcha RT : DM me ya contacts lets get something Jumping!"
"is prepping for media training session with client, video shoots, and awards show scripting."
"Don't miss CD101 Day Side B act on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night!"
"I really miss waking up in his arms. There was no better feeling in the world then that! feeling a little sad this morning. Come home boo!"
"yeah but you can!"
"you not doing podcast anymore? Last one I see on the site and itunes is the Dallas game."
"The image looking clearer i trust no one but the man in the mirror , me -"
"I'd like to help you out, which way did you come in?"
"I feel ya on this tweet."
"Sometimes my boyfriend is such a fuckin baby I don't know whether I should blow him or burp him"
"Great movie! RT A.10 Planes,Trains & Automobiles Love It"
"Effectively slept through the rest of he day. :-("
"<3 bring yours to India with you!"
"what's happening BRO?"
"ur welcome, xo💗"
"So true! Erin's got sex appeal like McDonalds has Big Macs!"
"#sleepy, goodnight tweeters !! Xx"
"Dear jeebus... please make the obnoxious girl sitting next to me at the DMV shut the hell up. Thank you. Amen."
"So much fun with , and tonight. Love them."
"I kept out of my datasets and charts on a matter of principle."
"I wonder were well I meet her the perfect girl that I dreamed of"
"Dear Parents, its time to realise that One Direction isn't just a band. They're your future son-in-laws, so start respecting them :)"
"Getting #qdoba #bogo for a kiss with my honey on Valentines day!"
"I know! Me too! Now I'm sitting around being bored - wish I had the money for the rest of my bike parts :P"
"Why would customers register with you, on your website? Do you provide any value? Is that clear?"
"Anyone out there have any dealings with the #TNRoofingProfessionals or #MSRoofingProfessionals in TN or MS areas?"
"RT way to go suck jackets! That's 3 hours of my life ill never get back!"
": the problem is publishers really don't know their customers at all. Neither do authors. Sadly we all lose due to this."
"teasing you as usual! Yeah keep me posted when U get hooked :) Are you doing night shifts nowadays ?"
"Just read the \"Ladies of the Leaf: Part I\" feature in Can't wait for Part II."
"Thanks for sending to Hope he likes it!"
"Saturday night and STILL enough time to qualify for tomorrows $2500 freeroll, what are you doing if you are not here !!??"
"Getting ready to attend a webinar on social media strategy for business... Hope to learn lots!"
"Is it really morning already?"
"Hope to catch your gig this weekend!!"
"You need to fucking call me..."
"you are so awesome! :)"
"Why am I up at 6:15 on a Saturday?"
"\": Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. -Satchel Paige\""
"need to quit work and focus on my bodybuilding career"
"To succeed in the world it is not enough to be stupid, you must also be well-mannered. Voltaire"
"Jealous! Have a great trip!"
"SMG don't pick Jose!!"
"thanks. not really. but trying. thanks for the scripture. I just saw it. it is upflifting me already. thanks. I should repeat 2"
"I'd have to say, you have kept up with your expectations, your Twitter game has been strong."
"such a good mod! :)"
"Richard Nixon? Or Geer?"
"Happy Mother's Day to all the Benzie moms out there! :)"
"who will be the first to spill their champagne while balancing on their forehead? ? ? ?"
"Lawd, why do they make airport seats so uncomfortable? Of course, working on 3 hours sleep tends to make everything uncomfortable."
"I'LL GO ON A RUN WITH HER!"
"This trophy tour is BS. No love 4 NKY?//Too many college degrees in area to truly be part of"
"sup man!"
"Alrighty, back to the grind w/the help of a little caffeine. new blog posts to come so stay tuned!"
"I love how my \"friends\" treat me.."
"She's a song unsung. She's a wild orchid in your ugly swamp."
"Ohio rep discussing history of relation btwn legislation, economy, & educational attainment."
"We are now testing Arq Backup For One Of Our Office Mac - Shaping up to be \"Best In Class\" for Cloud Storage On The Mac -"
"Drink on you and high on summertime 💙💜"
"I always go for the spring rolls and Pho. The crab dangling is extra yummy too."
"just wait imma text you like crazy."
"that's awesome!! “: Just dropped of George Lucas at Aon Center. #NoKidding #DeadSerious :))”"
"Is getting McDonalds breakfast worth the stomach pain?? YURP..."
"Or, just take them out, open the case for some shiny \"disk drive sculpture art\". Great paperweights too. :-)"
"RT : 19% higher risk of non-adherence among patients whose physicians have poor communication"
"how about were perfect for each other. There."
"Fr. Kemp's class , The Church & the Poor, reminds us to \"preach the Gospel always and, if necessary, use words.\""
"☆ \"You may never feel happy when your friend also had a crush on your crush.\" ☆"
"Start your whining now...LOL...no goal!"
"SWEET Home Run !!"
"Lots of baseball outside today. Sore as fuck but it feels good to be sending moonshots into the lake again and the water wasn't bad either"
"Auburn sweatshirt on the Santiago metro today! Pretty sure he randomly bought it at a market, but still"
"so Raha, does the Quran allow u to eat bacon or is that a sin?"
"Why'd you show up in an old tshirt i love? Why you gotta tell me I'm looking good? Why you wanna make me keep wanting you?"
"Bumpin' oldies on my cellular phone"
"i'm listening \"Reckless And Relentless\" by"
"Sitting next to table with party that includes sean penn and kristen wiig at Il bucco..."
"I know..you've told me<3(:"
"I believe it's working."
"Just The Ticket For Seniors 65+ is set for Friday, June 8 from 12:30-3:45 at the Goodman Community Center. The best part? It's FREE!"
"It going off at Brush Creek right now! Dance partay!"
"all my ink is black & suicide wrist red..."
"oh we'll goo do something productive lol"
"great read. thanks for the article Mike."
"love that you changed your profile pic to your ghost face lmfao"
"Thank you google for free wifi at cruising altitude!"
"agreed. they knew that when they hired him. or at least should have."
"I did.....you never texted me back. What wrong boo?"
"4 hrs and counting. County Doctors office!"
"im going 2 the concert in san diego 8/16/12.can u plz tell me were they r gonna have any cd singings or anything like that plz"
"Did somebody say Queso? T : Rain schmain, let's talk about queso."
"Law of Success #7: Self-Control. Balances Law 6 Enthusiasm. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 4 hours."
"Great morning! Did some snorkeling. Then saw a monk seal and a sea turtle chilling on the beach!"
"we'll be back tonight ! Idk what time."
"Delight Me was grateful to hear innovative ways to inspire and engage patients thru social media at #smwhc today!"
"#workaholics is too ridiculous"
"are you talking about yourself?"
"I had an amazing tonight at the concert. Thanks so much to for an incredible show. It's great to see people who just love music"
"FILL IN THE BLANK: The best holiday song EVER is ___________."
"Since it's not really possible to know when you're being deceived, is #trust any more than willful ignorance with a bit of hopeful optimism?"
"#FF follow the movie making waves in #filmmaking and good friends of mine ;)"
"Need a better way to manage distribution of clinical materials? We streamline the inventory, kitting and delivery of all clinical documents."
"'s not gonna make it past the Cowboys anyway."
"Test posting: our Twitter client seems to be posting things twice for no good reason."
"We love that fact that Zooppa has launched many careers for new videomakers and designers."
"tweet me if you respect JELENA"
"Friendly Reminder: Today is Tuesday- the cheapest day to buy airfare! So buy now & call us if you're headed to/from Chicago! (630) 363-9027"
"TO SOME U SEEM FICKLE AND UNDEPENDABLE,"
"Now that you have started to pay attention to hockey, how will you help 'promote' it in Portland?"
"We're all just slightly misunderstood"
"Someone's messing with my hair in the night. Waking up 2 bigger & bigger hair. This morning couldn't find my face. Makes it hard 2 write."
"Has met me, baby? Indeed. She's immune to the powers of the Quiet Storm, baby."
"When you're with me, it's like an angel came by and took me to heaven."
"You are one of my top three favorite artists ever. And you're sexy too !"
"Damn right!"
"Why manufaturing companies are reshoring jobs to the US now that labor costs are rising overseas. Join the conversation now on 90.3!"
"Hmm....glowing Wii.....who Wii'mailed me??"
"I would totally go but I'll be in Vegas."
"Here at Protege training at Stanford Center for Biomedical Informatics Research"
"We started installing fireworks on the Needle today and won't be done until Sat! Thanks to for sponsoring 8 minutes of WOW!"
"Hm...I wonder how many children are stolen for adoption and where they are stolen from...."
"Just ordered my first pair of audio cubes from ! Looking forward to playing with them"
"Find the perfect #antique love seat while you were out thrifting? We'll have it looking good as new after an upholstery cleaning!"
"How is everyone<3"
"that's probably a better idea... :/"
"Why be in a relationship if you want to act single?"
"Coyote Ugly my fav!!"
"Huge Offer up for only today! Get Weekly Lock Packaga starting tomorrow! 30 Locks for only $50 throughout 7 days!"
"Damn.. I should've bet on the fight... I said Mayweather K.O."
"They put Lily on a leash--ha ha!"
"Franchise News FDA Menu Nutrition Labeling Requirements—Significant Changes Ahead Because the proposed regulations still leave many quest"
"Giving my son his first manicure... those little nails have been tearing his presh face up!"
"And I wish you all the love in the world, but most of all I wish it from myself."
"back in town time for a Loft VinoQ deck jam how's next week?"
"Danze & Davis Architects receives DR Horton's Distinguished Service Award. See why we're the # one architectural firm for homebuilders!"
"MAKE SURE U LEMME KNO WEN U GET HERE.. I GOT A SUMMER LEAGUE TEAM U CAN PLAY ON TOO"
"need an update."
"Their sick... not in the good way."
"Determination go hand in hand with perseverance"
"is showing 4 paintings at the Prak-Sis gallery for the North Center Art Festival 7-9pm"
"humidity based delirium is the best way to enjoy Anthonys smooth crooning"
"- Wait on ME♥ !!! oooweeeeee ;P"
"Wish we could have made it!"
"My dad wants to put our Christmas tree outside..."
"What's the record for a team being shut out in a season?"
"I wish. you have a bbm ?"
"Derek Harper? Where's Brad Davis? James Donaldson? Rolando? Sam? Roy? Wait, not Roy."
"Not anymore !!!! Fucking Bulls!!!!"
"Lol too many ppl RT my last two tweets...niggas crazy."
"what is the issue with slow starts coaching or motivation?"
"Happy Easter Everyone.!!;D <3"
"Hey thanks for following! Happy new year"
"I'm the only white boy here that hit his dougie correctly."
"I just deleted my \"wedding\" board on Pinterest. Feels good!"
"he might, he's a repeat offender"
"I'm better now just dumb ass tierd"
"when is the broadcast going to start?"
"Abuse, reuse."
"oh noo RT boys r in 4 Movember some more aggressively than others -lookin at u"
"Digital channels get the most attention when a cross-channel perspective is applied to them. Learning new insights from the Conference"
"there's a natl noodle day?? RT : NATIONAL NOODLE DAY CALLS FOR 89 CENT GARLIC NOODLES! (via )"
"4th report of #dogattack at Paul Revere Park in #Charlestown. Presumably the same dog, brwn/wht #pitbull named Parker. Please steer clear."
"Got samples of egg protein drink. Just tried the chocolate & it's delicious. I need sleep now so it can help me grow"
"you'll be glad you did!"
"Revo San Diego is having its 3rd annual event in September! Stay tuned and get ready!!!"
"Happy ground hogs day"
"For more up-to-the-minute #Bears news and information, follow our managing editor —he’s trying to make it to 2,000 followers!"
"That's how everyone should feel."
"UPDATE 1-Tennis-Sony Ericsson Open men&#39;s semi-final results"
"Always knew he had it in him."
"That sounds great. What college are uoui attending?"
"Me:His name is Ginuwine. I named him after the R&B singer \"Ginuwine\". My wife: Ah yes...riding that pony."
"Please don't ever change."
"Sitting at the Gordon Biersch in Rockville,Md. The Octoberfest beer is great. Try the 1liter mug. Wow!"
"Email replying \"As you'll know...\" is thoroughly satisfying"
"Please wake up!"
"omg...waching abdc and it is the bieber episode.....so awesome...GO ICONIC BOYS.....I LOVE YOU JUSTIN BIEBER"
"You got that Correct! Ricketts is a Hypocrite!"
"working now, then off to I love 12 hour days :-)"
"I DO NOT YOU TELL ME EVERYTHING CAUSE YOU DO TE CREEPING"
"what chair did you get at all-state? Oh wait did DB play?"
"I just invented something worse than \"teabagging\": coffee beaning. Let the mind wander..."
"why why why cant i be a nice bitch why"
"Hopefully things can only go one way from here."
"4 more weeks and Cameron will be here. I got my shit together and i did it at light speed...or so I think lol"
"Long time, no talk. ha, where do you see Richardson being drafted in Fantasy drafts next year? :)"
"work in the morning at Mt. View Market! yay!"
"either your account or mine has been hacked Sorry for any inconvenience"
"Without a gentle contempt for education no man's education is complete"
"�Don�t fix the marketing first, fix your product"
"This was coming, but I was in denial :/ RT : Guardiola on his future: \"I don't want to manage at the moment.\""
"Happy birthday Dave"
"Help us get 100 followers before our 50th show tomorrow!"
"i'm sure the anticipation is just KILLING you...don't worry, should be unveiled soon."
"False start on Casey Dehn, that'll back the Cardinal up to a 3rd and 8."
"Well, it's happened. I'm officially attracted to creepy Glenn from Mad Men."
"I kept falling asleep at my desk, so I decided to go to bed. Now that I'm in bed, I'm wide awake. Grrr."
"I forget to forward commercials.. #Grimm \"everything has an end only the sausage has two\" Ha!"
"I'm in a mermaid streak right now and have read OF POSEIDON, LIES BENEATH AND MONSTROUS BEAUTY. All of which are YA."
"So was it Bush who is responsible? Seems like not all the snipers are in Tripoli..."
"shit enjoying this atlanta heat how about u!"
"At the Loving Touch."
"Back from Fiji/Melbourne. Great trip. Worst, weirdest jetlag ever."
": A lot Democrats cared less about who was going to be running. They want the main event."
"It's going to be Janoris Jenkins in about five hours"
"Thank you! What did you have?"
"no worries you're good."
"New database! Papers of Dwight Eisenhower who inspired founding of School of International Service at #AmericanU. 21 searchable volumes."
"I did not mean to retweet that hahaha and I was confused at first..but I get it now(:"
"This is paper delivery person's asking for a holiday tip. Mail the tip back in the envelope. Stranger is your delivery person."
"I am so in a food coma.....gotta love Thanksgiving!"
"Everyone check out & follow"
"My dad just pisses me off."
"Need something to occupy my time till Elder Scrolls V comes out.."
"#IfItWasUpToMe honestly, i would be dating yhu if yhu caught me when i fell for yhu. But yhu ddnt. So were not dating. =("
"She's an arse. And an ass. It pains me to say so."
"i cant change the many years of yesterday, but i can do something about my tomorrows...JUST WASNT MY TIME"
"#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate \"I better get this call--it's my husband.\""
"I promise I would love to meet \"Hayden Panettiere\" one day, the love of my life! 😍😍😍😍"
"Tune in tomorrow morning to as the #sfpcAWEAR fashion show is featured! See & more!"
"word & I'm not a fan of the timeline either."
"Had a great meeting today with and just psyched to meet more and more smart people in DC"
"RT : If I see anybody hatin on my steeler boys you will get unfollowed block & reported as spam ✋📖😏"
"Thanks Sandy Springs for donating Open Arms meal to A little pizza will make the kids' nights much brighter."
"semester is over. variety show is cleaned up. vacation time!"
"Ice cream&tea <3"
"Omw to wrk, these ppl called me in early as shit but I'm not mad.."
"you still owe me a cook out!!!"
"college professors should be replaced with monkeys and suits ..the monkeys are more credible"
"Poor John Connor--he took a hard left turn at Skynet."
"This biscuit tasted like a block of bread with better in it"
"If Braun's test was taken in St. Louis the Cards should have to give up their championship."
"We liked last night's filet mignon special so much, we're having it again!"
"i really should watch what i say on here... my dad follows me >.<"
"please put this woman in Playboy!"
"I had reservations about reviews saying The Social Network would \"sweep the oscars\". All completely valid. Incredible movie...see it ASAP"
"Congratulations! That's wonderful news. :)"
"Just looked through my followers...wow, some seriously good looking ladies out there. Which makes sense because I'm fucking beautiful."
"good job Hoya go pacers !!!"
"Here in NY, it's accepted like 99% of the places I've ever been to, I don't know about the rest of the country though."
"Tweeting in bed. A first, my lady is snoring. Also good she doesn't tweet or read tweets."
"This is absolutely incredible - I've never seen this many ppl anywhere except the Inauguration!"
"will do"
"Apologies for my ill-tempered use of \"muérdeme\" earlier, hadn't had coffee. But worth noting that world's richest man in Mexican"
"good!! Had a reunion with ppl from my old job...now i get to snuggle up wiff myboy...gonna cuddle up wiff him soon :)"
"Your body digest the majority of all your food between 10 & 5am, so it's gonna be a gang of mofos farting in line at Mulligans tonight :-/"
"Home cooked meals are the best 😊"
"“ Feeling productive is the best way to feel”"
"there are some on instagram!!"
"\"We watched it all night. We grew up in spite of it.\""
"I really dont like this project we have to do in photography"
"If you could get a scannable coupon on your phone what kinds of offers would you want to see?"
"I screamed wen i saw the stand up in macys. I sprayed my self and told random people to smell me(:"
"Hotter than Africa in my room"
"What it do pimpin'?"
"nigger RT You know damn well I want some koolaid!"
"Need that sign..lol"
"good morning!!!!!! Wyd"
"it's gone rain... and when it rain, it's gone rain hard as fuck!!! 💦☔"
"Your math makes complete sense. I'll know what to order next time. :-)"
"Asian chick rapping to"
"that's the only way I know😏"
"Big game coming up with leading the Saints against that tough 49er D"
"Melo is the most overrated basketball player of all time"
"Interesting, powered by Yinzcam (?)"
"RT : thanks so much for the mentions. Have a great day! < you too!"
"I gotta get this straight."
"People kept telling me art can't change the world; so I stopped calling what I did art"
"love that movie!"
"Does Lugar campaign benefit from a last-minute swell of nostalgia to help grandpa?"
"I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks."
"ah crap is today Sunday?"
"I'm trying to wait until my Panera lunch date to eat but I just can't."
"So great meeting you! You guys are so fun & sweet. :)"
"u should have came to the project Spurs live show bro"
"bleach your hair :)."
"Why are walsh classrooms so frickin hot?"
"I miss you and your face! Wish you could've been with us last night! Need some wine & whine time with you!"
"Changed my mind I'll put up a picture of me haha :P"
"our last day of class is friday right?"
"#church was real dis morn"
"lol he shows no emotion"
"56-39. We're still up."
"We'll be seeing you in Mequon tomorrow ;)"
"agreed my man, see you soon!"
"Where this gets funny for me is... I had two guys hold me up at gun point awhile back, and I didn't hit them... why would I hit some cops?"
"*Rt For A S/O"
"IT IS FINALLY HERE THE END OF THE SCHOOL YEAR, COME AND PARTY WITH US FOR YOUR GRADUATION NIGHT. THIS IS AN ALL AGES EVENT, DANCING CASH CON"
"Almost all my clinical trial QA audits have resulted in observations. This is not a good sign for drug & device trial managers. To much work"
"“: Alright Weeden!!!! Way to rep. Who cares how old you are! Weeden sucks"
"It's a headphones and music kind of day at the office. Haven't had one of those in a while"
"Good Morning Jay, thanks for the support! How is your week going so far?"
"Glad you can make it RT : we are happy to be here"
"omg... I love that shirt!!!"
"You've got to label #Breivik what he really is, a"
"New York Bound! Had the best break ever, I've never enjoyed Bombay so much. My family, friends, maid and the heat will be terribly missed!"
"If you know me, there's a lot of things I keep hidden about my personal life... Sometimes it's better not to reveal the full story..."
"thanks for the support. It's tough no matter what to pursue your DREAM. Our benefit is that we have fans and supporters like you"
"All good tho"
"Watching American Horror Story. There's no frickin' way I'd watch this if I were alone!"
"thats good then(: it'd me great to see you in person!:D"
"Respect your resources; when you waste food, it speaks volumes about the way you treat your resources."
"KARMA IS A BITCH"
"My trust level right now is at an all time low...."
"Browsing w myy new Nook Color which is also an android tablet. Pretty cool! Yogi likes it!"
"Happy New Year! Today, all Bijoux Blitz features are $7 with many more @ up to 70% OFF! guyandeva.com/shop or contact your Style Advisor."
"Yep. Meant Nest. They do have a back room, but no windows. I need that natural light."
"I love you Martha Wash!!! Bless you for being you to so many of us!"
"- Wonderful!!! Thanks so much!"
"sweet! write on our wall and tell us whatcha think :)"
"Decided to give it a test run."
"I got two boy bff's. I love them(:"
"What am I doing driving in Nigeria? With a stick shift no less!"
"A sight to witness: on the tambourine"
"Fuck your self :)"
"I h8 cramps 😠"
"save her , save her."
"YAYYYYY!!! RT : Thanks !! So excited I won tickets to a sneak peak of #BigMiracle!!"
"set bro"
"So true!! \": with age comes wisdom... with age also comes my taste for red wine. Coincidence, I think not\""
"#np Angel of Mine - Monica"
"Might as well be a boss."
"Rehearsing a new episode of iNickelodeonShow in New York!"
"Definitely there in spirit and need to plan a trip to CLE this summer!"
"Watching my cat make biscuits never ceases to make me smile"
"Save our #Libraries, #Librarians and #Bookstores!"
"Currently skeet shooting. I am currently very good at it."
"I thought sticking with more familiar units would keep it more approachable. I linked them for further reading though :)"
"Hey guys love the page. Check out our music at www.reverbnation.com/htrofficial"
"You're just a crock of shit with a pretty smile, and I refuse to compromise."
"fuzzy socks :D♥"
"i do too! got more place i can look for extra copy of parent plan but i'll wait til tomm to do that."
"HOLLY I'm still old school too, but I'd try the fishcake wrapping. Why a bun on that one?"
"I like the thought of sweet biscuits in the morning..."
"03 Robert Pecota Winery Kara's Vineyard #Cabernet. Classic expansive nose. Cherry, blackberry, oak, sweetness. Fully evolved. 86 pts"
"At the #zoo catching a train :-)"
"Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Breath Remedy Tongue Brushes and most oral care products."
": If it's Sunday, it's Tune in this a.m. to see debut 1st clip from #SituationRoom intv. w/"
"from Whole Foods and they are so good. I have to hide them to keep from eating them all day. Lol"
"IS FINALLY HOME!!! Thank ya baby Jesus!!! Woo!"
"Nuns on Ice is happening tonight! Are you going?"
"It's Friday, thank God! Made it thru Teenage Wonder's first semester as college student, don't know who's more tired, me or him!"
"Watching on NBC w/ #TrayvonMartin parents. Excellent interview. The police recitation of what occurred = beyond unbelievable"
"good morning everybody"
"I love how all these people tweeted for me cause I didn't know how... Well I found out.! 😃"
"Shout out to Haz solo and High 5 collective. These cats are dope! Bottom line"
"It is kind of strange to me...I don't know!"
"It is a well known fact that increasing penalties for infringement does not act as a deterrent."
"I hope this w/end prem fixtures aren't called off!!."
"everybody at follow my new page"
"\"Blah blah blah\" -teachers"
"Nice night at the APA Heritage Ball. Nice to see old faces and meet new ones!"
"chilling at the maaallllll."
"What All Fortune Cookies Should Say: You are about to take a dump in 10 minutes."
"I just wouldn't undertsand philosophically bringing in such a small center as Hudson after all this talk of getting bigger."
"oh, hahahaha, I was like wtf!? My coworker suggested I get an aquarium for my new place, I was like \"Um, no?\""
"can't wait to vote for the first time as a D.C. resident."
"Thanks for the love, doll, keep on rockin' :)"
"lol she didn't do anything.. maybe its you. Just maybe."
"me neither."
"Just waking up! Enjoy your day everyone."
"Why, thank you!"
"I'll try tomorrow. Hes still on the plane coming back from AUSTRALIA right now."
":) you're the bomb!"
"congratulations on the single! Love it!!! :)"
"Just noticing the party is tonight. It'll be good to finally meet you guys."
"what ya up to? <-Kelsey xoxo>"
"Yes, please! Charles Phan of the Slanted Door in SF will release his first cookbook, Vietnamese Home Cooking this Sept via"
"Thank you so much! You're so sweet! :]"
"Now following a builder of #sustainable cardboard computers."
"Grateful for analysis of situations where trends begin to appear."
"Thanks for the RT!"
"Is that against NCAA rule? They are basically boosters right?"
"More importantly, why is he a member of the general assembly?"
"Obama has already slaughtered three dictators!!! How many did Bush slaughter without a trial?? Zero!!! Hahaha ... you teabaggers can't hang!"
"RT : When you get back up, suddenly, everything becomes possible!"
"Thank u »» \": “: Good Mornin World! U all have a blessed day!” U 2!\""
"haha Thanks for listening!"
"Holy fucking nosebleed I NEED THIS GAME NOW!!!"
"Just because you can match your clothes with your shoes that doesn't mean you have SWAGG!!!!"
"#dopeness people get use the name is going to be a household name"
"He was out on bond awaiting trial for the first incident. Unfortunately."
"aw thanks. But it wasn't bad. But I still wouldn't watch it on my own lol"
"@ @ @ I want to give him a few more days ty for always looking out 4 me...it has been a week"
"\": I wish I had Kimbra's lips.\" I wish I had her pants."
"we have phones out here and smart ones too :-)"
"Amateur hour with these officials. This is why NBA will never be king."
"Board positions available for this year's show. for more information."
"#Howzit? If u love #Entertainment #ThemeParks #Bars #Nightclubs #Pubs #StripClubs #Parties #NFL #NBA #MLB #NHL #Follow us"
"haha...it's the gift that keeps on giving!!"
"New Faculty Orientation-Monday, July 11, 2001 in the Alumni Center. Contact Faculty affairs at to register."
"Demons Run is so much better than the actual finale."
"#iwannaknowwhy ppl think men lie more than woman do... somebody lemme know why this is cuz I think its bullshiit. W.O.R.D. UP... lemme kno.."
"I’ll watch as you turn your life to gold and Look down on me as I start to carve mine out of stone"
"happy new years <3"
"yes! The Blue Bean and a mom car... No one can say no to that deal."
"at some point today i have to come out of this bathroom"
"Was just the recipient of the biggest brush-off email ever. It's good to know our elected leaders care so much about the little guys."
"> everyone else"
"Fact RT : Considering the potential awesomeness, San Francisco is painfully short on quality waterfront bars and restaurants"
"Hi, Malcolm. Just checking in to see if you had any luck thinking of any potential panelists/moderators for the 13th. Thnx! :-)"
"Indeed Principal Haygood is a YAH send! Shout out to all the great teachers at BRICK AVON Academy."
"Quick would never ever ever slash someone. Ever. That's a classy goalie."
"Memphis TN welcomes you Thanks for all that you do"
"in the green room waiting to do the #bigdata meetup Hilton downtown 615ab come see the HUMAN SEARCH ENGINE!"
"I think Ax Men is 90% set up now."
"yeah i'm on my drum.."
"I'm going say he runs 4.43."
"Open Source- describes a philosophy, methodology or practice in dev that promotes access to end product's source material- Word up!"
"I hate it when I'm almost done packing & I start to think of the \"what if's\" so I scurry around packing tons more."
"Never assume that someone loves you by their sweetness. Sometimes, you're just an option when they're bored."
"You ain't gotta lie no more..."
"on the side, i have a couple of ideas i want to work on."
"The big decision to be reached is about the filling"
"It seems really unlikely that the #Celtics will get Chris Paul in a trade for Rondo, but if it did happen, it would be awesome."
"Malayan ref's name in English translates to \"Jim Joyce.\" Hm."
"haha cheap asses what are you doing tonight?"
"That can probably be arranged! RT : any way for out-of-towners to get them?"
"YOU RULE THE CHEESE WORLD."
"Its amazing cause my whole life ive taken care of everyone and the one time i just need a hug i become the plague. Fuck that."
"not yet, but it takes a while. Working full time and trying to launch a business is very hard. I'm just moving forward ..."
"Id draft Burfict too late 3rd round read his story please on Yahoo sports u got to take a chance on him!"
"Is there an article for this Urban Meyer talk?"
"So tired.."
"GOOD ARE YOU A LESBIAN CAUSE YOUR LIKE ALL OVER MY TITS."
"U go Miley!!!"
"There's just something about Snoop Dogg's face that makes me super uncomfortable."
"- I ♥ you and your heart of gold (or platinum - whichever is better). =]"
"Got my nutts dragon while puffin the magic dragon!"
"\"No Roc Nation, No Good Music... Still I manage to rock the nation with good music\""
"AT&T: customer service responders sign their responses so users know they're talking to a person."
"its spelled instagram*..... embarrassing"
"Get out the vote...Especially if you've been complaining; put your money where your mouth (or vote) is!"
"Me, wild and crazy? No. LOL! Nice to tweet cha too!"
"don't forget the Jaffa cakes"
"HECK YEAH!"
"Loes Wormmeester gives the #kidscreen Pitch It session a strong defense of letting kids do things for themselves. \"Full Proof\""
":( SAD YOU NEVER NOTIC MY TWEETES OR EVER TWEET ME A GOODNIGHT"
"u need knee pads that's one of your carrier requirements"
"“: listening now. great song...ur vocals are amazing” <<Thank You B, Miss ya..;)"
"Just took my dog out in a silk bath robe that looks like a kimono, a puffy north face jacket, and two right foot flip flops."
"Trust no MAN . Fear no BiTCH ."
"Finally got my parking spot in front of the house"
"Is anyone at wantagh park?"
"MY TWITTER HAS A VIRUS GUYS!!!!! SORRY!!!!"
"Another 20 hour day in the Byte Mines ... specialty Drupal module in the testing phase!"
"Hey Guys Check out my Fb Page its called AJL Photography please like and comment RT!!!! Please!!!!! Thanks"
"hello i sent u a message on Facebook can u get back to me as soon as possible"
"Currently at the premiere of \"The Pool Boys\" at Graumans Chinese Theater in Hollywood!"
"Working Sundays suck"
"happy to see you here."
"Watching all these Nicholas Sparks movies makes me wish there were actually guys like that out there... :("
"are you gonna be playing any shows up in the BAY!! or you just in LA this week???"
"Prolley not what is it ??"
"That awkward moment when someone asks 'Why are you still single?'"
"Morning Rockstars! > In the hopes of reaching the moon men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet. - Albert Schweitzer"
"yes! The complete experience!"
"David Stern suits up for the Spurs and goes 0 for 17 with a flagrant and a technicality."
"himself. And I took the phone and I was screaming and crying (the guy was my ex) I told him I loved him over and over again"
"Dining solo at this awesome Mexican restaurant in Alamogordo, NM. Got stopped at a border control checkpoint on way here."
"Who's hungry? We open today at 11am. Good morning :)"
"Me. I prank call a random Nimble Jack every week."
"ya definitely! Once the post birth craziness dies down a little just let us know when would work! Get some rest!"
"At the movies:-)"
"Already home about to go to sleep..."
"Yes indeed"
"I'm not sure I am surprised any more when I read such things. Shocking, but unfortunately predictable."
"In case you didn't already know.. We have 12 different flavors on the menu every.single.day."
"Thanks for the shout out!"
"I'd worry about elem reading H G without an accompanying discussion. The ethical/societal issues are pretty intense."
"yeah, because the lakers utilize their post presence so well."
"Hungry and tired!!!"
"are you trying to get me excited for friday??"
"is watching a documentary about plane crashes. He must want me to have a total meltdown for our TX trip,"
"Correction. We are in the 78705. LONG DAY."
"Lula Washington Dance Theatre joins us at The Hillman Center in 3 weeks! Check out their performance in the blockbuster hit AVATAR!..."
"It would be quite the PR nightmare if the Coyotes get to the Stanley Cup Finals and end up relocating after the season. Embarrassing for NHL"
"No dude should ever text another dude the word, \"hey\""
"Up early taking care of business"
"Watching Time Fly By , B-/"
"gah. 2 *tumblr* #fails in one day. maybe i should just step away from the computer and tidy my desk."
"Charlize Theron, Kate Hudson, Dakota Fanning, Zooey Deschanel - and Linday Lohan?! It&#39;s The Best Dressed at the White ..."
"You'd think this girl was blindfolded while cutting my hair, it's so fucked up. :("
"No Park's Urbn Pizza reviewed in March SD Home/Garden; Also Ave 5 in Bnks Hill, plus tasty recipes via George's; Quarter Kitchen & Bali Ha!"
"This week it's Chili Project #8 -Fire Roasted Chilies, Black Beans, Queso Blanco, Cilantro Mayo and Rajas de Tortilla."
"I need a massage."
"Ask for a table by the fireplace - the ladies love it!"
"I love the video! Am so excited to get this conversation started. My challenge is email & making my inbox manageable."
"I'm not focused on this homework at all"
"I love sun too, but don't mind a nice cool day once in a while. Those who want 80-90 & sun every day should live in AZ or CA."
"S/O to all the mothers who act as the FATHER TOO.. I HAVE NO RESPECT FOR DEAD BEAT DADS!!!"
"Thank you Lord for this beautiful Day!"
"Forgot how fun it was to go play putt putt on dixey highway and then hit baseballs afterwards"
"SO awesome!! U still have your ring from '04? “: Go Oregon Tech! National Championship game tomorrow at 4pm on TV!”"
"Good morning, DC! How are you on this fine Friday morning?"
"I'm glad Jon Stewart gave that shout-out to Colbert. Daily Show is a classic, but Colbert was fantastic this year."
"I wanna get a cat and name him Harry."
"\"When Faith lays hold, impossibilities must yield.\""
"We're coming to Portlnd in June & I have already recused myself from dirtbag plans for Piranha 3D."
"so I'm totally BS-ing this article review for anthropology...my English teachers would be ashamed."
"Fight in the shade"
"It sure can help"
"Well then I better get on the hard living ASAP! Pass the meth and the hookers and the pit bulls please"
"u will just pray and let god!"
"where do you go hiking love ?"
"Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up."
"Kevin Lerner is addressing the #journalists now. Follow him"
"He's hot!"
"Is that any more insensitive than calling Clinton \"America's first black president\"? (BTW, I think both are wrong, personally)"
"Amazing band name of the day: Evil Panini."
"Great job on the Wix sites!"
"Thank you for sharing my post :)"
"Dat Walk Me Down Got Me Dizzy"
"Thanks again for the many ReTweets!"
"no problem! Have fun!<3"
"Hi Todd! We look forward to seeing you next Friday. Unfortunately, we do not take reservations. See you soon. TY"
"LA VIE"
"Good night RT : Good night all!"
"Haha yes, packing to move."
"On our way to the Franchise & Business Opportunity Expo in Charlotte, NC this weekend..29th &30th. For free admission send me a message!"
"record deal request for trade NWO INTERSCOPE RECORDS"
"NICK!You need to help me choose a movie to watch.Mom just bought 6.."
"RT : Did you know that twice as many people die each year from vending machine attacks than from shark attacks?"
"Traveling to Dominica? I know where to stay without spending a fortune!"
"your face= flawless."
"“: one hour and fifteen minutes. #birthdaycountdown” that's right! It's also big day tomorrow"
"If you don't step forward, you'll always be in the same place."
"Slideshark app for iPad is fantastic for showing PowerPoint slides. Preserves animations, typefaces, really slick. Free today too."
"Im not addicted to any drugs, being in love, And spending money but Im addicted to being happy. && Those things jist make it easy for me."
"Dog just farted in my face"
"At jazmines house :-)"
"Almost ready to start filming... I just need to wait a few more days for this mic to come in the mail."
"Doing great, thanks Dana, another day of work. Hope you have a good b-day!"
"i shaved my vagina today. do any of you want pics? - lauren"
"hello my beautiful sis!!!!"
"my joy. Ty!"
"come on? I know you got my tweet. Let's hear the bullshit you wanna start with someone tonight"
"Chuck #Norris can punch a #cyclops between the eyes..."
"I only say Flynn because Scrubs is my favorite show ever."
"Wife just pointed out that if i like it it's a \"film\" but if I don't its a \"movie\" and that that sounds \"snooty\""
"I'm gonna be Red John for Halloween."
"Pretty sweet kicks"
"Check out TonyTAT Custom Art Design on FB. Displayed originals, by Anthony Tremblay. Need somthing designed, or need a logo or emblem?"
"its coming out like lava"
"This is outstanding news for us poker junkies. Thank you. Can't wait until 1/15"
"I will definitely be using this homemade humidification chamber that's being demonstrated at the preservation session."
"Never take for granted someone that can make you smile or the fact that you have something to smile about."
"RT : Life demands focus. Forget the past, its gone. Don't dwell on the future as its not promised. Focus on this step. Now. << \m/"
"I need iced coffee."
"awe my poor husband, went to get his hair cut (trimmed) took a photo w/ him & came back looking nothing like it. Cut waaayyy to short :("
"We officially have our very First West Coast prospect who found us organically on Google"
"Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again, don't make me change my mind. <3"
"Re-watched Criterion documentary THE CURIOUS BIRTH OF BENJAMIN BUTTON by David Prior and friend Keith Clark last night. Awesome stuff."
"Do you know if will be signing HB 1013 tomorrow around 6:30 PM?"
"He who asks the question cannot avoid the answer."
"Aw. We are collectively blushing!"
"How am I supposed to research the possible future Avengers movie story lines if the Marvel Universe database is down?!?"
"So why focus on suicides when coronary issues kill way more players? The whole game is bad 4 u. That's why is complex."
"His dad told him to focus on college or find a shop& move out of our garage. From then on Jim pursued his love for repairing cars."
"where my husdand prince ?"
"do you work today?"
"Congrats to elected Secretary/Treasurer of AERA Special Interest Group, Hispanic Research Issues"
"I'm watching a construction worker walk on a beam of one of the buildings going up. Crazy. Not my kind of balance beam."
"I'm preparing for the first of two new solo piano sessions at Cookie Marenco's OTR Studios in May..."
"My favorite movies are the ones where everyone hugs naked. But I hate when I need a credit card to become a member.."
"I'm getting my next tattoo when I turn 18 :)"
"that's a lie. Ur a beautiful girl and ur nice af."
"\"I go camping in secret!\""
"tropical leaves"
"The Interactive Guide is fabulous. You can do the task in Office XP or 2003 and then be shown where it is in 2010."
"i would love to see that!"
"Due to popular demand and \"lazy members\" this game can be played completely from home"
"If we don't follow you, tweet us a \"V\" and we will follow you! :)"
"Go to The Tipsy Pig! RT : why hello SF, and I have arrived."
"BAHAHAHAHA. I just proudly retweeted that. Great use of \"hullabaloo\""
"thanku...it is appreciated..."
"Weather, you better not ruin my trip!"
"Gimme a call"
"will you drive with me to lubbock to see wcar omm mmi and texas in july?"
"Got so use to the company that being alone doesn't even feel right."
"Cashier to son: where is your money? Son: I don't have any money my dad works a lot so he has money"
"I know I have said this before, but I hate the \"manly\" dr. pepper 10 commercial and I f*cking resent that they show it during Fringe"
"i'm #notafan of yours."
"RT Get Your Very Own Money Making Review Site and Start Earning Cash TODAY! - #FREE Set Up! - tinyurl.com/6zt74br"
"oh me god!!!!!! Go watch new cover!!!!!! It's amazing ah you'll totally be a fan afterwords!"
"cuz u know what? The world is full of sad shit that the average person gives not one single fuck about"
"The survey Of geForce GT Of zogis the video map intended for the users that want high the end of the map but you do not want :-)"
"My cmte worked hard--and it showed! SO PROUD!"
"fresh perm...hair looks & feels great!!"
"focus!! Haha I hope you have a great day. :)"
"I did it to myself.."
"Well only the right ear works."
"Other surprise appearances in Egan's talk : Dark Shadows, Elvis Costello, David Bowie, and the value of art."
"RT : tearing it up at #campit talking agile portfolio mgmt. << awesome Babicz!"
"#LCRA rain gauge across 360 from my house recorded 1.12\" of rain -- in the last 15 minutes."
"haha the suspense is killing me!"
"This Little Girl by Cady Groves..... I <3 it! Look it up :)"
"is running bout 2 miles from her house to my house :)"
"Hi Alison-I think you've been hacked--Your account just DMd me something that looks spammy... Hope it's not too tricky to fix:)"
"Why is my Twitter not working!?"
"DUDE you're the shit."
"Mike Ditka never finishes his sentences"
"Off to visit the new Schusterman Library!"
"\"The bone has now been connected.\""
"who Told you that lie me and can dismiss ppl"
"it would be worth the 18 hr drive for a dole whip! :-)"
"awe thanks hun ^^"
"Mid way through the game. Score stil TOR: 2-0. Adam called for tripping and the #Marlies are back on the PP."
"Has anyone bought any workout shows via Apple TV?"
"did rhodes put you up to this?"
"has been posting some GREAT recipes!"
"Looking forward to meeting Jay Maxwell tomorrow in Clear Lake!"
"We have a new server ready - vpn-ws6 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Tokyo, Japan. It's available in your customer area now."
"Im a fake Christian. Those scriptures he used has absolutley nothing to do with anything we were talking about"
"Yes, can you email the file and we will print and ship."
"Watching #Victorious! :D"
"waking up from sleeping and you have a headache so bad you ask yourself what where you drinking? and you didn't drink any thing"
"Drinking Vino and making Chicken Parm"
"I'm here at Center on Halsted, but we seem to have some internal Tech issues.. trying to get on..."
"...how do you mistake me for a \"ugly little beaner\" when I'm white, not little, and not that ugly? LOL silly bitch."
"tell me more tomorrow about your 519 topic idea? cited research online?"
"Adam Yauch RIP"
"Just Steve - : YO!! All you guys headed to Rock on the Range or just Steve?? On my way too :)"
"off to see Gods of Carnage with the visiting parents."
"Thanks for your accurate reports, it means a lot in our industry! We watch you everyday!"
"Instead of morning coffee, why not start your Friday off right with some yoga here at the library? Our yoga group meets every Friday at 9am."
"hey I'm 8 months away so technically I am:) lol"
"\"I figured out some gay chords that go together really well.\" - the Inimitable Sean Irby."
"CONGRATULATIONS! I am so happy for you! BIG BIG hugs and kisses!!!!!"
"Anyone lookin to do something?"
"Please proofread, people: One letter is the diff btw \"exiting\" and \"exciting,\" \"but\" and \"buy,\" and \"quit\" and \"quite.\" All seen today."
"RT : #OAuth: Gettin' geeky with it. Confluence of progress w/ help from"
"Using a red ink pen for edits should be banned. My pages look like they've been through a blood bath."
"but there is nothing to go half on.. like the car? She never said she needed help, she always said she got it & didn't care"
"im concert deprived! I NEED to see #JakeOwen this summer or ill cry"
"Loves it!"
"Well behaved women seldom make history."
"Yes! RT : Eyes to the future, I'm watching Great things to come!"
"paisley in a couple weeks!"
"Agreed! RT : it will be fab for everyone, I'm predicting."
"Love this weather. It's like a fine glass of wine! TRT : 64 degrees today AND tomorrow. Winter has officially been skipped!..."
"Blame it on the super moon."
"Waiting at the carwash"
"your best tweet ever"
"If you like the Hunger Games series, try Ilsa J. Bick's Ashes. One caveat: it's another trilogy, & only the first book is out."
"I play wit his nose"
"lol it's not like I'd do you niggas' laundry. like \"WHO THE FUCK BLED ON STAGE LAST NIGHT!?\" \"EW WHY IS THERE WHITE STUFF\""
"yes it was. Totally not the champagne of beer"
"#Notcool thunder, just so"
"I do, too!"
"Thinking I'm gonna wait until we know exactly how/why it happened before putting a pen to paper."
"I'm going to bed I got church in the morn! Night twitter"
"haha yeah I already know you throwing a party over there right now"
"In the studio with prodigy"
"An DnB is the best music to run to!!! That is all...."
"we are on our way with 4 straight losses"
"Why can't LeBron have more contrite and humble pressers like his exit interview? Is he finally realizing how cocky he comes off?"
"Why I love Saturday morning ESPN Radio: Mel Kiper JR's NBA analysis."
"People who don't floss their teeth or keep their gumline clean<<<<"
"Where's the one of me and James? :)"
"baha too funny"
"Check out our Tiki bar at the Ramada across the street, $3 beers all the time."
"Bye LBK, see you soon."
"Much appreciated RT : both are very big influences on my personal work"
"If you can lie to someones face to make someone else feel bad you have some major problems."
"Join us for a worthy charity event. Thursday October 20th 6 P.M. - 9 P.M. The Military Child Education Coalition cocktail reception."
"GoodMorning (: , sorry I feel asleep Last night."
"Or you succeed RT : Key to success: keep trying until you die."
"U lose to the #Hornets, u deserve to lose ur job Vinny Del Negro... unless of course ur the.. oh.. wait.. you ARE the Clippers. Nevermind."
"Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers out there!!! Much love!"
"#np all the things you said - tatu"
"End of season for the wildcats :-(. Now on to the accounting classes :-)..."
"Am from america and I really wanna raya follow me !! How ????"
"#salute, i just DM'd u"
"There's a Shake Shack at the Saratoga racetrack?! Where have I been?"
"Finally connected my facebook to my twitter! Hello 2009!"
"i think it is difficult for most people to work in open spaces if you are doing intense focused work - peripheral vision :)"
"haha wow this is not where I expected this conversation to be going"
"Gumer's 12 days of Christmas starts Monday! What are you looking forward to seeing?"
"If I was going then yea haha"
"you can get away w/o the huge amts of debt. Knowing that you should at least think about it before blindly doing it is half"
"yeaah, you'll get into it (:"
"That awkward moment when"
"At least I made it home before the storm hit. It's looking like I need to start building an ark."
"Where's ?:c"
"you were great tonight red!"
"is at Comerica Park in Detroit, watching the Tigers and the Red Sox (and the Indians/Twins score on the board)."
"Last day of the Westown Farmer's Market! Let's hope the weather cooperates enough for you to come out and grab lunch, produce & kettlecorn!"
"Don't try and bring me down... You will get tired really fast. I am stronger than most. And nothing will stop me."
"that's awesome!"
"it can be a great tool for connecting"
"cough cough cough !!!!! thats all"
"Gots stuffs to do #design :)"
"Strapping young lad from Dallas, Tx, Proficient in language of G.O.L.F., Handicap 0, creative and competitive"
"you are so cute i wish i lived in san antonio,tx"
"My son is goin for the summercamp"
"I just left with lots of goodies for dinner tonigh"
"only one DBMS supported"
"when are you coming to #SanFrancisco ???"
". is NOT impressed MT : I'm in the hospital! Just split open my toe running in flip flops. I'm a moron!"
"3 weeks without visiting Not sure how I will survive."
"England rolls over Brazil 29-5. #1 ranked New Zealand making their debut 2012 against Auatralia. Crowd is pumped for match!"
"cant wait to see Mission Impossible IV: ! is it December yet?"
"Stand your ground, Your remarks have merit, even if they make perfect targets for those who have an interest in distorting them."
"Chen is the #Orioles best pitcher right now and it's not even close."
"That because people come to Minnesota for healthcare, then leave, the hospitals don't need the money."
"Amen to that!"
"Oh good going, now you hurt my feelings! Sad face."
"I can't find my freaking Spanish vocab sheet so I can finish my homework!!!!!! 😁😁😁😁"
"Your so vain... You probably think this tweet is about you"
"Single, doesn't mean that u know nothing about love. Sometimes it means that u haven't found someone who deserves you B-)."
"Remember when mullets were, like, a *thing*?"
"Arizona Integrative Wellness Coalition to be better mainstream"
"Champions take responsibility. When the ball comes over the net, you can be sure I want the ball. - Billie Jean King"
"yea very quick nip. Heading back now. Game tonight is going to be really good. Better than last week."
"I'm a female Fe=Iron Male=Man Therefore I'm Iron Man"
"Coolest July on record in San Diego in years! Record heat on the East coast. Is anyone happy? Tell me your weather stories!"
"no I'm not choosing. I love and care about both of you two. I'd rather stop playing lacrosse than chose between u guys"
"only 3 hours away from game 5 cant wait!!!"
"Just finished making more mangopop sicles"
"\"I'm feeling naughty tonight!\""
"she said the only time she get"
"#Imagine Seeing Austin at the mall shopping at Bath and Body Works."
"Thanks, Tim. I've been at SI for a bit over a year now, but every day is still a learning experience!"
"Sometimes I need to let my brain go down a completely different path. That seems to be when answers to my plotting problems pop into view."
"RT : The power of Whistle Blowers - DOJ Records $3B In False Claims Act Settlements, thanks largely to whistleblowers..."
"best kids ever."
"RT : RT : You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -CS Lewis"
"July 21-22. Inbox me your number."
"I'm looking for ideas for dinner on Christmas day in Seattle. Do you have any restaurant suggestions?"
"Going to Magic in Las Vegas in August!!! So excited!!!"
"Not really a big fan of any Mormon having any opinion about the definition of marriage"
"My alarm clock plays bedrock."
"Applied new layers to my Foxtrot and Waltz tonight. Ballroom dance is very difficult and very satisfying!"
"what's good witcha?? You goin to tha video shoot?"
"I told my students \"The Last Waltz\" was the great concert film EVER. They stared at me blankly."
"\"I got a smile on my face but that's just tears of a clown\" </3"
"My prediction is that HealthCare will be declared unconstitutional 5-4, as if there was ever any doubt otherwise"
"And YOU are the best one for the job! :)"
"29 bottles of great looking wine dropped off for our tasting tonight...getting excited!"
"true. How do the kids feel about it?"
"In the sequel they take their capers to Mexico"
"feel like a cosmotologist"
"Know a Pittsburgh college student interested in Marketing or Graphic Design? Have them e-mail for the fall!"
"STOP LYINNNNNNN KID"
"“: #Colts Fleener says Luck was already calling plays \"with like 30 words in them.\"” Kid's going to be just fine..."
"It's art, of course."
"What a great day to be a Wisconsinite"
"Thanks for the RT! Hope you are having a great day :)"
"TEBOW THE NEXT VIKING"
"- Bcuz some of those songs, your vocals are waaaayyy too loud... u will have a hard time getting ppl to listen 2 it.."
"the things we do to get men's attention..."
"good morning"
"Frankie!!!! How r ya?!? We need a Frankie J fix in SAn Antonio! You spoiled us last year! :) Hope all is well! :)"
"#Didyouknow - that on Feb 1, 1911 a dynamite explosion in NJ shattereed 23 skylights and windows at the Aquarium raining down glass on..."
"Thought I'd have a easy time finding an Executive Assistant, but it's proving more challenging than I expected. Time for plan B."
"hot?! where do you live. i may have to visit!! :)"
"Happy New Year to one and all"
"I can't wait to see my mom and dad!"
"\"LIS hegemony\" - that's a new one on me!"
"Congrats to for graduating a year early! You are a great player, student, and person! Thanks for being a"
"Just got through dropping baby J off at school. ALL THE REAL DADS RETWEET! \"LADIES STOP ASKING WHERE THE REAL MEN ARE BECAUSE WE OUT CHEER!\""
"Give that shit to a wash up bitch I'm winning."
"#(High Money The Mixtape) J Dash High Da Cobra & Money Bag's Da Skeet It's Are Time."
"A few hours away! RT : Moët Hennessy’s #Ardbeg custom Orange County Choppers motorcycle auction at"
"Prince as a #Tiger seems about right. He was once a 12 yr old hittin HR's into Tiger Stadium's Upper Deck. life comes full circle."
"thanks for the follow and stay up!!!"
"good catch on that article."
"Budget cuts can destroy parks programs - Speak Up for your community!"
"is glad to find out that Raptivity does integrate into Articulate nicely, even though it was causing massive problems for me the other day."
"how dare you!!!!"
"Happy Monday tweeps! Do we all have dental appointments to get the most out of our insurance? Time is running out!"
"Headed to #AG20 hoping to meet folks interested in regional food systems and #grassfed beef! Should be a great conference!"
"What is the reason behind the recent major increase in prices? Buses btwn NYC-PHL have doubled in price over the last week."
"Choosey Chicks love football!"
"I don't remember the last time I had this much ink in my hair."
"Happy Friday! We will B open 4 lnch 2morrow at 11:30. Join the Garden Walk ."
"All Gr8 ideas! RT : Ooh. Swiss chard salad, grilled Romaine salad, braised pork cheeks, schnitzel."
"it was amazing! I didn't find any ghosts, but the energy was spellbinding. I took a bunch of pics on instagram :D"
"When is her birthday?"
"Happy Groundhog's Day!!!! And Happy Birthday Mom(: love you always(:"
"i can haz presentation?"
"open your heart not to me but to everything your world, your eyes, your love, your lies everything -WAH!"
"Yes, super yay! And weirdly, Burke showed up to the party even when we didn't explicitly invite him"
"Forever babe <3 RT glad----> is forever to call mine<3"
"Follow for great insight on the new Nike NFL uniforms."
": we love your music - please tweet back"
"Coffee is not just a beverage...it is a cup of liquid sanity~"
"Anyone know the provenance/history of the Google Chrome \"Aw, Snap!\" message? Who decided to put that there? Is it from Linux?"
"i know but i didnt know who i truely loved"
"Congrats to our 60+ certified nurses--board certified in their specialty. They were recognized yesterday -- National Certified Nurses Day!"
"#CurrentlyEating Crepes with cut bananas & dipping sauce (aka syrup). Dinner = curry. Home cooking just went GLOBAL."
"So what interesting and inexpensive things can my kids and I get into during the day? You know I'm home schooling."
"I would like to! But trying to balance with NCAA March Madness...."
"Im so excited for the Nicki Minaj music video in 3 min !!!!"
"What a beautiful day to move into my apt. Hopefully I can move everything before I catch a cold from being wet"
"Oops. Way to GO Mississippi!"
"Task, managerial, and leadership are the main areas of work today - Ron Carlee of ICMA"
"i'm hoping they give me awesome abs."
"Merry Christmas Eve to everyone. :)"
"Some shit just dont make sense to me."
"Pity, we have been looking forward to this all Winter! What was the result of your game #3?"
"Gonna have a smile on my face tonight when will have clinched their playoff birth after we beat the Cavs"
"#WIFYR morning session is over; wow, we covered a lot about contracts and business. and a little about world-building. All good!"
"Here's a question for ya.. How is it possible that the \"Heavy Metal Box Set\" includes Hanoi Rocks but not AC/DC?"
"anytime boo (;"
"Yes, it's my old stomping grounds,my old friend, Jackson Hole Wyoming!"
"Mission accomplished! Let's see where destiny leads me now ;)"
"I like those hardwood floors."
"you played the sims and made houses without doors so when you purposely set fire to it the character would die "
"Hooray! I graduated Upright Citizens Brigade Level 401 Improv!!!"
"I keep watching \"Top Ten _______ Video Games\" videos on YouTube. Good way to spend a night alone. =P"
"customization options, widget inputs, etc. but i'm completely web illiterate.."
"Leaving for Hawaii early in the morning ... Super excited !!!! My new home for a year or more .. Can't wait 8-)"
"#fridayreads I Just Hope It's Lethal -- a poetry anthology edited by Liz Rozenberg and Deena November. Very moving!"
"Thanks for an amazing day at the ! An incredible, once-in-a-lifetime experience - everyone loved it!"
"it probably was. lol"
"really?? U bought it for me??Love you, you are the best!!! Yes, upside down jets might b just what we need. Thank u so much Alan."
"Easter brunch starts now Bloody's, Mimosa's, full brunch menu plus biscuits and gravy plus a ham dinner with scalloped potatoes"
"I'm not sure but I think I gave my brain a hernia while working on latest book."
"Oh man! Trust it wasn't us! lol"
"Kaitlyn had one piece of pizza I had 3"
"they could probably be playmates"
"#craigowens is sexy."
"now THAT'S sad."
"If she is performing and I will need to get a ticket to #bonnaroo and our own RV."
"Good. Bryan Eisenberg will be glad to hear that"
"brianna you are MEAN. :("
"ticks must be bad this year, pulled a dozen or so lone stars off about three weeks ago in Shenandoah Valley"
"#bestboyfriendaward goes to....my man. that is all."
"Happy early Sunday morning🙏"
"Starting 2012 with some good food and great company."
"PAIN Promo Shoot today 12pm to 3pm. Then FEAR rehearsal tonight ! Busy day. Lots of progress 2 be made!"
"Giveaways galore today including w/ tixs plus brand new music coming up from &"
"Gotta love the Campbell Fightin Camels on a 18 gm win streak!"
"I remember that quote... | MT : “Education means you can be what it is you become without having chosen it” - my professor."
"All SIGNS say that Tesla and Scorpions are gonna rock Shoreline this Friday!!"
"Well, gotta go, hopefully we survive the night. Have a good one Alisha"
"It is at this time that he inflicts great suffering just as My precious Son endured during His passion on the cross."
"American idol is like watching bad Disney auditions"
"THIS!! LMAO! I LOVE YOU!!"
"At 10pm, we open the doors for a LADYFEST MIDWEST benefit! Suggested donation of $5 at door, donate what ya can! !"
"its just time to move to the detachable shower head its pretty much the greatest thing ever!!"
"Next #OOMF tht tweets about haters as motivation for success is getting unfollowed.."
"Approximately 36,000 people in the US will be newly diagnosed with oral cancer in 2010! Come in and get an oral cancer screening."
"I pray that everyone seek the Lord wholeheartedly, that their specific purpose be revealed to them who ask. That they feel God's presence."
"just bought tix to the 's gala! EEK! can't wait"
"Indeed I do. RT : #summerofyes knows what I mean."
"you have a weird aftertaste."
"Calling out to creative minds -- what type of app would you like to see created?"
"Hello Connie, I love your voice Please RT ME! That would make me the Happiest Person in the World!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Me too! I keep thinking, \"We don't go down! Ever!\""
"#Louisville i spy a big, new being build at 34th Broadway"
"only one way to find out. Barf."
"Despite the recession, US Latino households that earn $50,000 or more are growing at a faster rate than total households."
"#IfItWasUpToMe Life would be Naked"
"The creepy inspirational acting quote people have finally stopped #FF 'ing me. Success."
"sure lol , i smell like dog"
"trees in the dark. They were like relatives he had known in another lifetime. They were indifferent and intimate."
"Thanks so much!!!!"
"They should have awards for people who never change their avi and one for someone who changes their avi everyday."
"You know you're from Coventry if you've ever seen the inside of Nicky's or Reko's."
"Oh I wanna dance with somebody!"
"#oomf always knows how to make me angry"
"No prob at all! Just want to make sure it went through. Congrats on the wedding! Go anywhere fun?"
"old people jokes are so unfunny....but u still laugh only at the fact of how ridiculously unfunny the joke is"
"I need an assistant, anyone work for cupcakes, alcohol and Diddy Dirty Money promos?"
"Is your favorite musician as a kid still one of your favorites today?"
"OMG THE LIKES ON BOYFRIEND JUST GET HIGHER AND HIGHER :D !! HATERS ARE SAYING THEY LOVE IT ;D"
"I like your idea -"
"People irratate the fuck out of me! BOA if killin wasn illegal"
"Who wants to talk to me super bored with"
"If you are getting burned out on the forest setting in Kingdoms of Amalur, head east adn you will find deserts and other more open areas."
"To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. - Bertrand Russell"
"I learn more on the bottom of snapple caps than I do in Mr. Jones's class..."
"damn. gotta play the lottery, start some sort of moonshine biz or strike oil in my backyard."
"Halfway to the boyfriends house!"
"Huge news to announce to our email list subscribers. Sign up to be the first to know. Announcement Monday! SugarBaby Swimwear Rocks!"
"#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate i hope you know i aint buying you shit"
"Looking forward to the show tonight at Staller Center for the Arts at SUNY-Stony Brook!"
"Wow. That sucks: appears to be down. Can't even raise the home page, all my links are dead. Sorry to my readers!"
"Oh I just thought of one! I'm sure you'll make them lot's of dough!"
"Icing on the cake... Song from -playing on my 21st!!!"
"Did you know... That virtually all of the tea produced in Japan is Green Tea?"
"HOUSTON RECRUITERS - BOT has a current opening! 5+ yrs agency exp preferred, financial industry or banking +++. Team player, drive for resu…"
"likewise, enjoyed chatting, see you at one of the events !"
"I will never root for the Eagles again"
"The volume of multifamily and commercial real estate lending is growing; both borrowers & lenders are optimistic it will continue to grow"
"we really like it. Spiced with fresh dill, thyme, and lemon. Works well with chipotle sour cream!"
"Livingston has lived on the island since 1983."
"I use to wear my #jansport in front of me like a prego belly. I loved it just cuz it kept my hands warm in winter. Lol."
"Chone Figgins, or Cone Diggins as my phone calls him, is on pace for 283 hits this season."
"I could've sworn avocado was a fruit...."
"Thank you for being inspirational to all of us women in the entertainment world. Your words go more than skin deep!"
"Thanks - we will miss you!"
"Please tell me you guys had a good week of Practice!"
"I got indoctrinated as a kid in \"Ballet is an art, not a sport,\" so that quote makes me flip out a little every time I hear it"
"GOOODNIGHTTT!!! VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE & DON'T FORGET TO VOTE FOR ''THE MOS WANTED''' OH & REMEMBER TO VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE :D"
"Currently watching Jeff Johnson's Non-Stop Traffic Formula. I'm sure he's a great guy but his sing-song delivery is really annoying."
"I've been fantasizing (:"
"That awkward moment when ur starring at someones ass and they flex their ass cheek"
"Looking forward to hearing Ian Hancock this afternoon."
"Q5 Pinterest is the visual story teller! It's a #socialPR #branding and #SEO opportunity"
"lol. they wouldnt even trust you tho if you was living with a female. EVERYBODY know how you are. lol."
"BLESSED LOVE"
"Save on your next insurance policy. Http://www.hotwireins.com. Get your quote today."
"Many thanks to my lovely accountant and wife, Jane-Ellis Griggs, who submitted our taxes yesterday."
"I really can't stand condescending control freaks"
"I guess someone wasn't paying attention is her or her multiple intelligences lecture... :) Glad it's interesting!"
"RT : Are you happy? Simple question, complicated answer, eh?"
"What's the most important attribute for a soccer player?"
"I was having an off day."
"What if and meet? Will the space time continuum explode?!?"
"Man vs Food at Ye Ole StHs! That and national signing=homesick. 3rd Saturday in October can't get here fast enough."
"Aaron Rodgers RT : Who should've been ranked higher in the #NFLTop100: Rivers or Vick?"
"I get it in theory but fucked myself up pretty good last game with"
"Come out to First Friday Food Truck Fest for discounted QUASH registration!"
"Thinking of chopping my hair off to my shoulders.......so confused!"
"Oh. Good luck with it!"
"thankyou:) im okay right now though"
"goodluck with that its a hard lifestyle"
"I want to answer your question but can't DM you. Email me? cdunn @ strength.org. Ty!"
"I was following until I found out he was a Laker Girl"
"Prosperent Angles Against Google AdSense with Self-Serve Display, Ad Links ... - ADOTAS"
"Ask for nothing less than inspiration."
"But what will become of his glasses?"
"Reading internship applications. Advice: PROOFREAD, PROOFREAD, PROOFREAD."
"I don't know if it's possible to hate a human being more than I hate LeBron James."
"Find a little wiggle room - Bangkok Post"
"don't tempt me..."
"That's amazing!"
"Congrats to Jim Rollins and debuting #2 on the NY Times list. Everybody buy Doomsday Key!"
"Tucker misses FG wide right. (Hey, better today than on Thanksgiving.)"
"Thanks. Did you upload your baby pic somewhere where I can see...."
"live it to the maximum ya penis"
"Of all those I don't agree with, I most admire RonPaul. I miss his debates with the line-dancers. Ron was never afraid to voice true beliefs"
"\"My voice is my weapon.\" Okay, Paul Muad'Dib."
"CBEADLES FACT: Christian loves all hi fans so much your all his"
"Follow my peeps on instagram he's new to this richyoung42"
"Everything with you is so complicated ! Why do you make it hard to love you oh I hate it."
"Agree RT : #USMNT lifeless, lacking creativity, stagnant, boring. Passed three games, never been so bored watching the team."
"Thanks for #FF!! Hope you have a wonderful weekend:)"
"This is ridiculous...."
"Thank you for the follow. I look forward to reading more of your post. Have a good day!"
"My pleasure! What else do you watch for Halloween?"
"learning how to build an organization page in Facebook. Hoping this comes in handy at work."
"Out showing some beautiful Tampa Bay homes"
"super jealous ... NYC is wet & cold :("
"to all of the spoiled brats that are getting mackbook pros and iphones they'll break...i hope you die a slow and painful death."
"West Coast Swing is happening right now at Dance Bethesda. A good crowd tonight."
"Step 10 often forgotten task - document your experience! Full text search doesnot work; syntax rules differ #sqlpass 10 steps to SQL cloud"
"#20ThingsAboutMe I like attention. But I mean, doesn't everyone?"
"Love interviewing candidates! People say the darndest things!"
"obviously that was fucking with an autocorrect"
"u too have a fun weekend! Love my"
"Tomorrow's Forecast: Hot with a side of HOTTER."
"i texted 253 to the number 383838 :)"
"Are you ready for retirement? Most wait too long to plan, risking financial disaster. Certified financial planers (CFP) best bet for advice."
"Most players play games at least on their free time, however, an ordinary game playing time can possibly turn out to be an addiction"
"If I still haven't convinced you, next month I will write a 30-ish post series comparing the candidates. Decide after that, if you must"
"Unbelievable finish. Patriots are coming to Indy. Not what Colts fans wanted to see."
"Gain 5X More Opt-ins With The Help of Your Subscribers! dld.bz/afhNs"
"My mental relationship with"
"Hiram is the guy that tugs on #SuperHanahan's cape! Lol"
"Which one was the 2 seed?"
"Toshiba Excite 13 Android tablet (preview)"
"Drinking Baking Soda for Health | Improving Your Health"
"Come enjoy our $2 Max Rake on All Limit Games! Call (702) 770-7654 for more information."
"Talked grad assistant through ways to finding local community info for project she's working on. Got her from frustrated to enthused."
"“: i love you!” love you too sis!"
"GM my twiter and Fb family please go to the kickstarter Web and see a preview of my book age of the beast"
"miss ya more....u gotta come visit for memorial day"
"ooh yeah! And it's great! I'm really loving it still! Have you started classes yet at MI?"
"Heading to the show at the Highline 2nite. Line already up the street! Who else is going?"
"So glad the boys have found a pet substitute...their baby brother. Both proclaimed proudly \"James can fetch!\""
"I STILL NEED A FAMILY TO CRASH FOR EASTER!!!!!!!! GA lol"
"Thanks guys, you've officially converted me."
"things happen"
"Bottom of the 13th."
"green #winter classic"
"Unemployment is always \"down\" to those who are employed. Many thousands of 45-60 yr old execs nationwide aren't so sure."
"Download the \"Viddy\" app and follow futurehead and see what's going on in our world. Some interesting and funny videos have been posted!"
"see y'all tonight at LUSTRE?!!!?"
"Do they let you take bags into Citi Field?"
"hahah Olivia is now famous."
"would wrire on my license plates!!!(:"
"Changing the paradigm of urban development to reach more sustainable and inclusive cities is needed."
"We have just received the National Arts and Humanities Youth Program Award at the White House. Watch First Lady Michelle Obama present..."
"I followed him :D"
"View our new Facebook site: www.facebook.com/closys. Share your experience with CloSYS and how it fits into your life."
"........i think its time to log off and chill out, the eyes are starting to burn"
"i reaaaaallly need more views on my youtube.. lol. i have some SUPER gay videos.. but, watch them please? (: KelseyLuvsYou397"
"a lovely find. thank you"
"hahaha. true story."
"I've never even opened the app"
"there you go! :D"
"Love is like the ocean: vast, deep, beautiful and calm though occasionally tempestuous, and ALWAYS full of unseen dangers. - Kiera Condon"
"People think computers will keep them from making mistakes. They're wrong. With computers you make mistakes faster. - Adam Osborne"
"I r baboon."
"Such a lost cause"
"BENEATH THE SHADOWS by Sara Foster looks like an interesting read."
"Who's hungry? AutryCafe special: Savory turkey meatball/vegetable soup w/mini turkey meatballs, carrots, zucchini, squash, & peas"
"Very very much looking forward to it. The shows awesome"
"You really do."
"Get ready to cry"
"Who wrote \"Nora\"? Brilliantly written (and acted)."
"“: Can't wait to play the ACM's Fremont Street event on Friday, March 30th!!” YES! MADE. MY. DAY!"
"Charles Anthony's \"Old Skool Drive @ 5 is the bomb. Some of the best mixes ever. Mon-Thur 92.9 B'ham!"
"What a fantastic way to run something people put their hard-earned money towards!"
"FYI: Don't ever call an American Prog liberal a \"conservative\". Just don't. No matter how 1describes it, u still offend"
"So far april has been fucked up for me..."
"I shall call you squishy and you shall be mine...and you shall be my squishy."
"Where is ?? Hope you're having fun announcing!"
"Love it! I need my Connie Britton fix every week. Dani and I both have a huge crush on her."
"Sorry for our Website problems down all day yesterday and will probably be down this morning- trying to resolve it quickly"
"shark week."
"friends. *fingers crossed for you* Aw thanks :)"
"Lonely Planet, the travelers God send."
"get it in bro"
"Hi Dalila. Hope you r well. Missing you ALOT. Hoping your music going well. You have such a beautiful voice and sound!!!"
"are they super fem gays? Hahaha!! I can only imagine what that game of call of duty is like. I would b confused too. Lol!"
"RT : My bro is Dr & delivered a baby named Y'all-Jealous Jones today. This is not a joke. Y'ALL JEALOUS JONES."
"Do what you do best. The rest will follow."
"discussing #FiftyShades - ha come on guys you coulda done better than that!"
"I'm STILL at the bowling ally but their playing boyfriend by justin bieber<3"
".: change in social sciences research: now need to justify value of study outside the academy"
"happy birthdayy!(: hope you have a GREAT one !"
"How can I analyze a character when I don't even understand the play?"
"Good luck to all those competing in today!"
"It is going to be a beautiful day in Bloomington. Enjoy our Shrimp Ceviche on the patio."
"I pick both! Hehe RT : Indy or Pacers, who u got?"
"Follow Us at the original Account !!!4"
"\"she isn't that pretty\" haha c:"
"About to finish a shirt design for !! Should i post it up?? or Should i wait?? hm.."
"IU's Straight No Chaser's concert July 17th at 5:30pm. Tickets on sale now at the Box Office open Tues.-Fri. 9-5 or available online."
"I'm tired!"
"schedule free as hell today"
"BBall league coaches/parents clinic successfully wrapped up today 2/ Drew Goodman & Gary Avischious as 2 of the featured speakers!"
"I hate it when people just text \"K\".."
"may want to double check ccap"
"First day of finals was good :)"
"Monday morning. Same shirt different day."
"#fringe Lost again but better"
"I left my phone somewhere and am really pissed and worried b/c I can't buy a new one. Had a great time tonight and hate to end it this way."
"Happy Pre-Friday, everyone! Get your work done early, so you can hang out with your FRANDZ"
"U are Awesome!! :)"
"OMG that is #epic RT : Bobby Petrino supporters ride motorcycles with blonde blow up dolls"
"Stocking up on carbs in preperation for your next match doesn't mean cramming a family size bag of CHEETOS in your mouth the night before."
"the new video is cool! I love the tune too!"
"opening night is a little crazy... Sorry for the delay, it wont always be like that! Hope you had fun!"
"DO U?! RT #IAlwaysWonderIf MGK isever going to tell whether he watched dragonball z or not"
"#TheReasoniWillSucceed is because i have focus and a mind set. :)"
"Let's chat off-twitter, alright?"
"I cried when Will smith killed his dog in I Am Legend"
"Looking forward to it!"
"Watching show excited to see children!"
"I was hungry tho....bout to hop in my bed and go nite nite. Work in the am"
"Tonite we're hosting an event btw 7-10 pm on Level 3. It'll be a little noisier than normal during this time- sorry for the disruption!"
"Money comes from people. When you have the right people skills, you'll succeed beyond your wildest imagination!"
"Thank you sir! RT : the shoes are feeling mighty fine to cruise in!"
"Thanks for the follow :)"
"Thanks for being a part of this special weekend ! :)"
"Sometimes.....People seriously need to be slapped!! LOL"
"by me!"
"Make up your mind or I'm out."
"i will, but later sweetie.. Im at school right now :/ i can't.. So sorry!"
"Your RT is much appreciated. Thank you!! =)"
"Are we fighting the man or ourselves? WWB(lack)P(anthers)D? Jamal Joseph and Sonia Sanchez #InConvo at 3pm"
"awesome! When is a good time to come over & pick it up?"
"Crew love"
"Went to church, ate @ a soul food Buffett in Harlem, came up on some free cheesecake & seen"
"Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world. -Walt Disney"
"...1st of all you're a dick ;) 2nd...is he really playing golf today?? He wants 49ers though right?"
"300/300 on my final exam though!?!"
"And thanks for yr tweets!"
"Thanks for the #FF!"
"i cant help but laugh at how fucking retarded your relationship is."
"Drunkenly listening to Hanson"
"Come to track C202 to hear how we implemented Drupal 7!"
"yeah! So you must been excited when came to Australia? Trying to get the picture. Don't lie I bet you were trying lol"
"Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day"
"yeah it was mind blowing! Also, there's a Chipotle 10 min walking distance from our apt :-)"
"and with a handshake, it is over"
"Michelle's big day, op. 1, no. 2."
"Hi Mr. Glover; I am having some Legal problems you can help me with concerning Ophrah..Can I e-mail you Bobby perry"
"Stamped Concrete Patio Time , Pool Decks Too"
"I wanted Michelle Williams to win so I could look at that outfit some more!"
"with the amount of former Texans we now have, you should just probably becomes Ravens fan 😜"
"Good article, advice. : \"Are You Ready To Win? It’s Time For CLASS.\" bit.ly/mlDbZ9"
"Come on 3 O'Clock!"
"By what definition is walking through deep, dirty water something to giggle about?"
"So much for football being a religious experience. Now i remember why i stopped going to church"
"GM drops the Pontiac brand! Where are all the hometown high school girls going to hang there graduation tassels now? GRAND PRIX!! WHY!!"
"We love our #Packers!"
"Check your bank accounts! Visa, MasterCard warn of 'massive' security breach, may involve more than 10 million cards."
"Just texted my mom &. Said lets get tatted ."
"I shouldn't be overheating in bed in February with the window open at night. This just ain't right."
"whatsup? I will be seeing you this week I believe"
"*falls out of chair* We can't retweet that, but we so agree!!! :) #getyerHOGon :) :) muwaaaahahahaaaa!!!!"
"I just met Downtown Julie Brown at the Boom Boom Room !"
"Knew that would get you excited."
"i wanna see nicki minaj shake tony bennett's hand"
"how sad is it a west coast team's writer knew the pick before Carolina beat writer did? Terrible."
"Now she's on a cotton candy platform in the middle of the crowd."
"thank you :)"
"#PieceofAdvice If you go to Alaska, do not feed alcohol to moose, it’s illegal. Bet you didn’t know that."
"lol I havent eaten all day"
"The TBS announcers keep saying a potential game 5's start time is TBA. Is this true?"
"you got a twitter? O.o the world is going to end!!! Hahaha"
"#Avengers? Yes please!"
"Emailed my building asking them to switch our cable provider from to Comcast because I need my !"
"The Avengers was an awesome movie! Captain America is one handsome fella."
"what happened?"
"Anyone looking for an easy summer job where you get paid to have fun and party with friends? If so inbox me."
"I've thoroughly enjoyed the quiet and calm at this little inn in Balmorhea - making plans to return for a few days of writing next week."
"Thanks for everythign, VA Beach! We're NC-bound with hearts full of health and bellies full of bagels"
"It's about that time to crack a cold one"
"well played :)"
"Thanks for following us, Nilesh!"
"Makes my blood boil-this is a legitimate right of"
"Why can't I remember?"
"\"If the body retains crap, it causes disease. If you hold on to crap done to you, you BECOME the disease!\"—DJ (Talented&BrokeNOV26) ReTweet"
"Horrible information has been released about what happened to the Powell boys before they were killed by Carbon Monoxide Poisoning yesterday"
"just spoke to lovely Emma at #SandovalRestaurant & we are set for #SocialChicasNYC TweetUp on 5/15! So excited!"
"Every once in a while u have that one afternoon nap that is a little glimpse of heaven...."
"teaching philosophy: EMPATHETIC, understand learner's experience, engaging, logically structured, meeting known needs"
"Old man on desperate housewives is making me cry."
"I should probably start posting on here.."
"Interesting, but statement at bottom is worrisome. No citations of sources to support views and ideas?"
"If you see it dont spoil anything! Hahaha. I don't wanna know until next week, but if its good at least tell me that lol"
"its just my opinion... We're all entitled to our own opinions right sam?"
"Will most people understand if I compare the plot in Battleship to the points in Whose Line Is It Anyway?"
"My phone is freaking me out omg"
"RT : Hearing all these great things is really making me want to try Can't wait to check it out!"
"Where av u been since morn' RT : Should i tweet?"
"wait i already asked you huh? xD my bad, you're broke -.-"
"So much work to make up... parents pissing me off"
"Region Championships begin tonight in the Bluegrass... Best of luck to all teams!!!"
"On July 24th , 2010, 8:22 p.m. Louis, Harry, Zayn, Niall, Liam officially became One Direction <3 And my life was officially changed <333"
"May the 4th be with you!"
"im not looser ! Im peachy:) haha"
"It's #followfriday time! Put us in yours and we'll put you in ours! Thanks guys. Happy Friday!"
"Please remember we will be closed on Monday am."
"Edge water beach resort panama city beach fl I am on the way!"
"We have submitted 3 of the 9 proposals we need to submit to the City of Chicago by May 31."
"G.M.N.I.: Being drunk is not an excuse. I'll hold you accountable for any & everything you say to me."
"NO I will not srop lol"
"I really don't understand war I just said"
"Now the poor homeless cats have to find a new home while the #NAMAS take place"
"Thomas Mackey and Trudi Jacobson are quoted in Libraries and Transliteracy: bit.ly/eEdgBo. Take a look at their new book: bit.ly/9nDPqi."
"“: 8-12 months!?!! smfh” I hear ya same here"
"They went on a panty raid to mr krabs mothers hz haha"
"yup 4 world records, 2 world championships, too many national and state records to list. Leg presses 1300 lbs 6'1 260 ;)"
"I wish I could but I don't have ur number :("
"if that doesn't do it let me know I have a list"
"So, are you sticking with your 'New Year's Resolution'?"
"“When you know better you do better.” ― Maya Angelou"
"You know what you should do with your life? Whatever you goddamn want, that's what."
"Clickbank Scams? - How to Promote Wellness Through Hope"
"no plans except dinner!!!!!"
"YES! can't wait! RT : Well just wait till I start playing virtual Barbie with !"
"Haha just got interviewed on FOX news about Peyton. So sad!! He will be so missed!"
"Now we're talkin music!"
"NF follow back"
"what are you uploading to dropdox?"
"You're awesome! Thanks for the #ff (and for providing more Scramble entertainment!)"
"Watching a live screen of a friends wedding in Nairobi Kenya. Wow!"
"lightning like crazy!!!!"
"Overheard in class 2day: \"Facebook is for people who still care about people, man. I don't give a shit. That's why I tweet.\" Fair enough."
"Common and Creative uses for Hollandaise Sauce"
"Eastern horizon aflame with glorious light, risen power brings new life to the day and the spring."
"Is Popovich missing the last two games like a vacation for him? Or is that considered sabtical leave?"
"No Jabberwocky for Kitty"
"Lunch time with the Tampa and Utah youth delegates."
"+1 no matter what sw you talk about. Hardcoded styles maddening in all CMS \" This hardcoded clear div is really rankling my nerves\""
"Megatron coming off a career year and Madden Cover is almost a perfect storm to underachieve......take it to the bank!"
"One book has become two, thanks to an epic tangent, so they're both only about 1/4 done. XD Hopefully I'll have them done by Oct."
"Looking for more customers? Call your local #Valpak office: 317-806-7821"
"Busy day! Now hitting the road for MarkLogic World!"
"Welcome Osaka University of the Arts for a 3-Day workshop at Juilliard Jazz!"
"She ain't you - Chris Brown (Cbreezzy)"
"I was thinking of toasting seeds and nuts separately, and letting folks garnish...many guests have food issues."
"Oh yea! 11pm and I just sat down with a nice big bowl of cereal."
"young the yiant"
"Wow cool!"
"When it's time to get paid"
"I left off on 6x10 in my OTH rewatch (convenient right?). I think it's time to pick it back up. #YayyForDVDs 😊"
"wish I was invited!"
"It really does! And I hate dresses this year. I swear I look yucky in everything!"
"I would definitely recommend it. It's one of 's favorite books of all time."
"well, You guys did it right! I will be back:) thanks for the experience."
"Saigon City in Springfield! (yes, I survived Springfield)"
"But I read everything tells me to read, even if it's in Chinese!"
"At least half of the men I know act like they need a cigarette after they watch a showy lightning storm."
"Sorry so late....I just commented! :) Love the site."
"Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose."
"Check out our new and spooky cookies for HALLOWEEN!! Stop by the store, mentions twitter and receive a FREE treat!"
"you welcome boo we needa hang asap"
". The Romneys are tone deaf, condescending, entitled morons. Neither of them are very likeable."
"That was rough. Here's hoping the afternoon intermediate computer class goes better than the morning beginners class."
"i cant log in it forgot the password"
":) it was kinda all over the place due to me not planning out the request order better, but it was really fun."
"is a pedal tavern legend!!!!!!"
"Everybody go followw my Louisiana boyy, :) he is a amazing singerr, & we r both from LA, pretty awesomme, :) <3"
"Watchn television show 1000 ways to die"
"I think instead of teaching the food pyramid in school they should teach you a properly portioned meal!"
": So glad you liked it. Bubble milk is great - just the right amount of sweetness."
"I don't do drugs. I am drugs."
"Shiver me timbers! : To understand piracy you must be a pirate. These guys have no clue."
"Anybody know where I can get well-designed battens for my hatches?"
"miss keri baby!!!"
"chillin' lol bored outta my mind"
"Twitter gang"
"on making OSU proud. What a sharp dude, and a fellow long-hair. Go Beavs!"
"And KP's 11 is the second best total in this innings. That's the really striking fact"
"well you didnt hang out with me... You fussed about being hungry, then left :("
"I want to make the sickest collab!! Something that everyone bumps to! I need that IT song, that got flavor and"
"is curling my hair, and basically burning the shit out of my scalp. Hate you bestfriend."
"RT Relaborate finishes in top 5 First Look Forum. Congrats to winner Mountain Logic. Very cool product."
"Is it just me or does it seem that O'Brien refuses to run with the ball?"
"Are you interested in cozies?"
"i love love love love love love love gingers!!!!! <3"
"I refuse to waste my valuable time on situations that I don't give a fuck about."
"Hooked her friend up with Zilla\""
"Koven and I tried to preview it but couldn't finish due to meetings. :)"
"I can't go over how adorable my background is, ok. I'm sorry."
"How could archives use #NationalHistory Day to promote holdings?"
"IM FROM NEW YYYYYYOOOOORRRRKKKKKK!!!!!"
"“: Ready to hit the links!!”Gonna play Wildwood tomorrow. U?"
"Good morning Twitter!"
"Supt. Folks has proposed a 2% salary increase for employees next school year. Board will consider increase for 2012-13 budget."
"I do too u idiot , I mean temporarily hate everyone at the moment"
"those palm trees got more heat than and combined"
"Too fuckin' long!"
"lmao!! They are always touching someone! Hope you have a good and safe flight."
"I love your handlebar mustache!"
"Wah. Did the pity party start without me? What's wrong mister? You're great."
"My good days never last long."
"Totally needed you Tap in the first half."
"Im too crunk"
"Ergo...lunch."
"salena is ugly!!!"
"How is your foot today? I hope it's better."
"Magnificent Trimmings Releases Chandelier Crystals with a MAGNETIC TIP!"
"Heading off to a private party at Magnolia & Co. Did you know they have those? You too can have one!"
"I am who I am and I don't change for anybody(:"
"awesome. Can't wait to make that breakfast drink with the bacon & waffles...m"
"Allen or Cam just leave? lol"
"The jungle at radio row is epic. The best interviews with the best stars! Bring it on Romanowski!"
"Damn got up to early"
"May the fourth be with you, friends."
"To my twitter followers just want to wish you a fantastic day and also I have had so many new follows I havent said thank you to all of you!"
"Marvins Room Is Closed"
"OMG that is SOO cool!!!!! Annd I love the fanfic so farr! :)"
"Joe Quesada just said the first swear of the night! SWEEEAAAR JAR!"
"That sounds fun..I will try to make it...Thanks! ;)"
"Thank you for saying \"snot\" at the Grammys. You know what snotty snotty...you won that party! Congrats! You deserved it."
"we must speak soon!"
"Thank you to all the fans that came out and supported us last night!"
"Learning how to mingle social media and seo in 140 characters."
"I Absolutely Just Love My Dog. 🐶❤"
"Is it just a general Kimpton gift certificate? It depends on what the certificate says on it."
"Thank you - me too!"
"fuck that you didn't want that ass beat in black ops fuck the bullshit"
"ok now I forgive you for all those airline tweets when we got Bin Laden! Great point on Miami fans."
"Whats your favorite song and why??"
"When they asked how much time do you spend on social media sites? On traditonal networking activities: 1-5 hrs. 6-10 hr on socia sites."
"No school wednesday or thursday! 3 day week! Score :D"
"Not you, junior."
"$100 says bnfkdb4 will show up to try and halt the run of $FBCD"
"Come out to Dave& Buster's for our Monthly Networking event. we are having a Halloween Event Mention M.P.E.G. and parking is free"
"Ronnie Brewer has really found his niche in Denver"
"Related? He's not related to a bus. He's too small and squishy to be a bus."
"well then thank you j.o.n 😏👍"
"#077 both mikey ! :D"
"nah, not my fam.....ill get her back...ill jus drive her crazy..thats easy for me to do!!!"
"You show signs of an early Pollack, although I can't clearly say which signs."
"Are on 2+2 all the time ?"
"Starting the drive to Let's see if I remember how to get there..."
"details to please."
"Not as excited as we are to have you! RT : Excited to have been accepted as a reader at today! :)"
"I Love You All :D My Fans <3"
"This was a pretty good weekend, and tomorrow is going to so suck becuz I don't wanna go to school :(((("
"hey its me andi"
"I'm bout to get all hippy, #love + #music="
"Next time, add some cool indie artists and crafters to the brew for #clustertruck ."
"I need some"
"RT \"If you want others to by happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.\" Dalai Lama"
"there are a ton of relatively inexpensive tickets to Uk's game in NYC in November on stub hub"
"I love so so so much"
"Increase regulation on the big banks? Ya think?"
"Agreed, but it's no panacea. RT: \"Without #education, there is no #sustainabledevelopment\". Elizabeth Fordham, of"
"...it's fair to say that we always think of ACH in its global context and not as a regional DH association. [-]"
",\"I want it to look like no other blog before. I'm talking weirdd.\""
"#PRETTYLITTLETHINGS is premiering in Germany on May 21st @ Circus Maximus in Koblenz"
"A sign that someone likes your food is when they make noises while eating it."
"Dream Come True"
"RT : services, rates shoot way down. NPO's like knock it down to low 20%'s as opposed to state's..."
"Since when does our nation let 1 religion dictate who we are, what we should think, and what we are allowed to do with our bodies? #REALLY?"
"Hi Jen. It is hard to believe the amount of injuries!! But we still have more than enough to get it done. GO #YANKEES !!!!!"
"Watching labrynth with and"
"“: A tearful lament about the man you once loved on it!” Gotcha covered!! Hehe"
"ICONiacz VERSION OF CALL ME MAYBE: Hey I just met you, and this crazy. But here's a condom, Happy Safe Sex Wednesday."
"finish...and then share???"
"what teacher ?"
"#TimeMag cover. That's how Robert Conrad and Michael Dunn should've posed to promote 'The Wild, Wild West' on CBS."
"When I think my blog looks really good i have the urge to not reblog or post anything cuz I don't wanna fuck it up. Lol"
"you should always love your mother"
"^Do you have enough energy to do the things you want to do?"
"It's April Fools people -- don't let anyone fool you!"
"Hitting the office hard today!"
"Spent the weekend in Austin at South by Southwest Music Fest-- incredible energy in this town. A beautiful city that still booming!"
"um.. i hate facebook timeline as much now as i did two months ago... entirely unreadable..."
"Thx - I work for an amazing org to make play and recess possible for kids at low-income schools across Baltimore."
"HEAD SCRATCHER! Some say there's a difference between nigga/nigger. Does that spelling \"rule\" apply to brother, bro, brotha, brutha, bruh?"
"RT : Wishing my boys and quade best of luck down in florida at nationals."
"I'm 2 cool for u"
"how old is she?! 12? he's a fuckin sexy ass 17 soon to be 18 year old."
"Listening to Wiz Khalifa..in a better mood than earlier.."
"wow... nice choice of words lol xD"
"My life is over"
"The Joby gorillamobile tripod attaches to a special iPhone bumper that's included w/ the product."
"you would be the one to reply!"
"Following the interesting discussion on the Berkman Center's Digital Public Library of America planning listserv."
"Love is a fire. But whether it is going to warm your heart or burn down your house, you can never tell.\" ~ Joan Crawford ~"
"Thanks for sharing this one! We are always on the lookout for apps to shout out about..."
"\"Morning happy hour: What's making you happy today?\" --> This week's forecast (50's in Chicago!)"
"there's always next game"
"What are some of your favorite websites, and why?"
"thanks for the follow! Let us know if you need a new mattress or some new furniture ~ Mattrezzz Guy"
"yes, then you knew who to trust!"
"Michael Franklin: huge issues in computer science research apropos BIGDATA, e.g., machine learning, no way of making tradeoffs among tools"
"some peoples twitter is getting hacked, meanwhile I`m juss here like it`s not gonna happen to me. Now my Tumblr gets hacked and I`m leaving."
"\"He's Going to Take Me to a Hot Spring\""
"i cAN EVEN SHOW U A PIC OF ME"
"I have to finish a essay write a report and learn 2 new choir songs for and audition"
"Im getting an error when i try and create a new list. it tells me to refresh and try again...then still doesn't work"
"Working hard at my new job, writing a novel and conjuring up ideas on a commercial."
"We have some exciting news in the works. Stay tuned..."
"Ive got the moves like jagger. LOLJK, I dance like an awkward penguin."
"hello gorgeous :)"
"I love git but sometimes feel like its messages are intentionally mysterious—e.g. \"Merge made by recursive.\" when merging after cherry-pick."
"Tune in & make eastnashvilleradio your favorite! Great music all the time! eastnashvilleradio.com"
"Today is seriously such a good day, I think everyday should be my Birthday! But, I'd be really old..xD"
"no. You stop. I fixed before anyone saw it .... but you."
"follow for follow?(:"
"Dear Karma, I really hate you right now, you made your point."
"Stomach flu or food poisoning? Trying to decide :-/"
"Good morning dancers. How was your weekend? Do any dancing on Cinco de Mayo?"
"This is my first #writersroad. Any hints I should have ahead of time? ;)"
"Fucking hate that call me maybe song omg"
"Eva Mendes will you marry me?"
"People tweet a lot that mean you got to much.free time on yo hands"
"oh my god parkour classes? where can i find that information/who can i get in touch with about attending a class??"
"water is back on...pipes are fixed...coffee made...65 degrees today...& my desk is littered with stacks of CDs...hot damn...it's a good day"
"hahaha...they are in the Grove!"
"Hallucinogens wanted LSD in LA dealers message me"
"Really NOLA the Fray? Come on"
"everything was shut down because the president was in town."
"#OWIF: It is a stand off now, between the five members of the posse and the four of us"
"Love it when females see me walking up behind them and their man... Quick to grab his hand! LMAO girl, trust me... He ain't my type 😉"
"Wow did someone really make a twitter with the username ZaynsAvocado."
"Seriously? RT : KLM now letting you use Facebook profile of fellow passengers to help you pick your seat."
"Don't sell your hair to a wig shop."
"The moon would look EXTRA huge there, huh?"
"Our highest breakfast sandwich sales so far was 79 sandwiches in one day! We are still trying to hit 100... Come in and try one out today!"
"Already wanting to shoot someone at work. At least and come in later ☺☺"
"Did you know we can fix PC's while you are still working on them? You do NOT have to go do something else. Stay productive! 512 873-0447"
"True, we have been lucky here hardly a dusting :-)."
"Glad you are safe....Guys like that just need to be eliminated."
"LOL! RIght! Bella, bringing bloggers together, since 2009 (?)"
"ive been good(: how about you?"
"aannnddd celebratory beer time"
"Anyone know a good hip-hop radio station in Seattle??"
"Wow - that looks amazing. Have a great rest of the day!"
".............2 minutes after this we crashed. I blame you."
"you know what it is jasmine"
"Happy birthday to my leetle sister <3"
"I knew you'd appreciate that one! Can't wait to hear how your new gig is going."
"Research: Ancilliary skills that (communication skills for engineers for example)"
"My Facial reco was ON. Facebook is our friend !"
"#followfriday peoples of interest"
"I know, it's stupid."
"Wow! Got some great deals today! Keyboards, Carts, Ink, Paper & Norton Security buys at the Office stores!"
"follow me please(:"
"Yiiiiip! On my way."
"Loving my new profile pic ♥ the guy that I am so proud♥"
"WOW! - \"When my son is in high school, he'll be asking the pretty girl on the bus for her user ID, not her phone number.\""
"Bauman Rare Books in Palazzo is unfairly awesome. Among displays: Matisse-illustrated Ulysses, 1st ed Huck Finn, Shakespeare second folio..."
"grab the dog and lets go!"
"Im from Russia, yourself? :)"
"How'd they do that????"
"Fla is SO waitin on u buddy!!!"
"have a tumblr my kid does for me can't remember!!"
"thanks for letting us know! We'll get right on it. (didn't think anyone was checking that feed, to be honest)"
"Wondering what to make my burning effigy of McGinn out of for May 1. Which burns brighter: papier-mâché, cardboard, or straw-stuffed pillow?"
"What happens after this inning if Snyder gets hurt? Diaz is #3, right?"
"dont know if this qualifies as liberal arts but my #history degree @ #UCBerkeley served me well for my career"
"its actually less its just more publicized when a celebrity does somethin wrong"
"...Lucky! Im excited, see you tomorrow :)"
"RG3 is rocking a periwinkle suit, a plaid shirt and a striped tie. The colors don't match. Quite the #nfldraft ensem. Bold fashion choices."
"How does everybody keep finding me on this thing?-.-"
"i miss my fucking sunglasses. 💔"
"Try signing up again, you may have mistyped the password!"
"yes! get the ball back G Force NOW"
"Watching video of my friend in house hunters on line and chatting commentary with her on fb! So much fun!"
"Why can't Rampage vs Rashad be a five round fight"
"Just talking to people :')"
"LOL! I like it."
"\"Nobody wanted to ruin a great friendship like I did!\" uncle re: aunt's initial hesitation on dating one another ... 25 years ago"
"John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander"
"Let's all help ! She needs more followers! C'mon, Everybody!"
"Me and my whole team done been thru sum shit in life making our bond stronger,but we gon show U how 2 turn tragedy 2 triumph 3nity shit"
"I'm feeling a little Hispanic. New Cover Song posting today!"
"I'm practically kissing the passenger in front of me"
"wu tang is still where it's at. I can't stand the new shit."
"Enigma is a mess. Love that Ms. Osbourne and Ms. Cho have joined the panel tonight. :)"
"Home made pizza, champagne, laughter, dancing, record playing... Tonight could not have been better. I love my friends."
"b the guy who gets twice as much done in 45 minutes than the guy who \"works\" for 1.5 hrs. in the gym."
"when your up at 1:33 AM just to talk to >>"
"at school.."
"Our care should not be to have lived long as to have lived enough"
"I think so. We might have met once or twice"
"Ps , just saw BONJOUR TRISTESSE at and you are a ringer for jean seberg's punky double"
"thanks! It was great seeing you and JJ, you guys are dynamos!"
"i.am"
"Wish I was at #ISTE11. Missed family much from my Colorado #TIE11 conference presentation. Have a great time everyone!"
"#nation #OCCUPY We need you to tweet #wiunion this weekend. Keep #Earth informed. #Egypt Thank you all for working for a better democracy."
"\"I got soul, but I'm not a soldier.\""
"In New York City this week for the AES convention!"
"Sold out tonight in Kentucky!"
"Traveling to Atlanta? Hit the Wisteria Restaurant on Sun - Thurs and get 10% a great meal with you're Diversity Platinum Card!"
"Well, I'm back at work...really sick of being sick at this point."
"Recording your own songs is amazing. It's scary but liberating"
"“: Looking for cheap mercenary to take out a bunch of loonies! #WestboroBaptistChurch Fucking dumb ass whackjob cunts!”"
"Happiness is getting home from work & finding the Inni LP/DVD set by Sigur Ros waiting for you. Excellent film by one of my favorite bands."
"Where is this?"
"Not Hobson's choice, that's where there's only 1 choice or nothing. As far as no good choice, I dunno!"
"Can't wait til y'all see this! ;)"
"That's incorrect, ROB was a peripheral not an inclusion, and that link is about a man marrying a goat."
"Did you find out why he was crossing the road? That's important research."
"serious your being fooled just cause you have pictures with artist doesn't mean you had anything to do with them keep it a hundred wit us!!"
"EVERYBODY WALK THE DINOSAUR"
"Yea! Guess tornado season decided to start early this year! How are ya? :)"
"So you must have ordered 2 servings of mashed potatoes right?"
"\"Lisa B helps you cover a great deal of seasonal ground in this eclectic, fun and highly entertaining release.\" Jazz blog"
"Denver has a framework to reciprocate to artists and creatives who drive economic development."
"wow. You know what I'm thinking."
"Girl 1:\"nice wheels\" Girl 2:\"nice shirt\" Girl 3:\"nice light\" Girl 4(screaming): YOU'RE REALLY HOT!\" random cars full of girls make me laugh"
"ugh ii never stand yu up."
"I think you aren't CORRECT SIR!"
"Its def time for a nappy, I just want to sleep my life away! ✌😌💤"
"I know! It's so obvious thy their team is getting pissed that we are doing so well!"
"Hahha! RT : I do 5 situps every morn. May not sound like much, but theres only so many times you can hit the snooze button. -unknown"
"You know, I actually prefer your vocal stylings compared to the real singer, keep singing"
"When i finally think i'm over you, you have to do something that draws me back in."
"Tell no lie THAT'S THE THING I DON'T DO!"
"lol I wish"
"I need to think things through before speaking. Lol!"
"just want at share a joke from my 9 year old. What soccer play would you not want to play with? Jimmy Fouling."
"I dont like saying no i think it hurts peoples feelings."
"THAT'S right. It isn't because you are witty or fun. Neither of those :-)"
"Good luck isn't that hard to come by - successful people MAKE good luck all the time."
"You must be tired because you've been running through my dreams all night.♥ ♥"
"You left me to sink."
"Why do weekends always go by so fast compared to the weekdays? If weekdays went by as fast as weekends I wouldn't mind going to school..."
"Thanks for the follow Doing our best to share the knowledge in Wisconsin. The dairy state. Soon to be coconut milk state!"
"what did he fail for?"
"Good but when i got home and seen you didnt follow me it turned out bad :("
"Skyline for dinner last night, Qdoba for lunch today & Jeff Ruby's for dinner tonight... & haven't spent a dime. Could get used to this :)"
"I'm not sure what to make of what Lowry did. I mean 6 months for that that!? I expect he gets the $1000 fine."
"WWWYKI! MT Lots of good basketball on tonight, including Magic/Bulls. I've caught the bug as is tradition, in early march"
"Thank christ I only give advice to YP about saying no with sex, b/c I am beyond unqualified to teach them how to say it to anything else."
"I JUST FOUND 10 DOLLARS!!!"
"hope the job interview i had pans out.... It would solve this issue"
"Now the question becomes when did Alex Smith get the clutch gene?"
"Gas is damn near $5. I don't think guys are gonna drive to your shit to just \"chill\" anymore, lol."
"Thanks!! I appreciate ya!"
"I love the sound of early morning snow: the world is holding its breath, waiting for something wonderful to happen."
"Just not Pawnee, right?"
"Never understand how people cannot comprehend one way lanes. It's a freaking arrow sign. Don't care if you don't speak English! It's simple"
"''Natural is perfect''"
"I used to love #CSIMiami. I HATE the subtitles in Spanish! They are annoying and unAmerican! At least give me an option!"
"The Bike Line Broadripple will be having a group ride this monday starting at 7pm. there will a couple different distances to choose from"
"#HighBloodPressure Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids Study : Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids"
"Just always trying to elevate beyond flaws and faults, always be humble of course... Thats my mantra."
"I cant find a swim suit top that fits perfectly..."
"Tomorrows Friday <3 .."
"just went outside and farted."
"PLEASE #FF my duo ya'll!!!!! help us get more followers! RT RT"
"Your source for unfinished Brazilian Cherry, Tigerwood & Brazilian Teak."
"Mitt Romney has a great challenge ahead of him in this election year"
"Wisdom is an inheritance which a wastrel cannot exhaust"
"I have to admit idk any off these dudes drafted besides the qbs"
"Single loads the bases with one out for Bluff. Press box expert wanted runner to come around, but single was hit too shallow."
"what a slide into first! very close!"
"Chicken ceasar salad wrap"
"Love Rihanna."
"what happened to what?"
"pot of gold and leprechaun is priceless...not gonna even approach the innuendo there"
"Now that's not an answer I'd expect from you! Your 'fragmented' world will come crashing down if u keep talking like that!"
"#incaseyoudidntknow i miss talking to you... alot."
"that's crazy, you got Maryland number"
"Going to take my mommy out to eat(: I love you mom happy mothers day.!<3"
"Ah yes ! Its seriously my obsession <333"
"My twitter account has been compromised. Apologies if you received spam DM from me."
"Listening to and his mama chat with what I call their \"Southern Yankee\" talk."
"Note to self: always get in the limo."
"dont doubt it for a minute. Keep it up and next year will be the time of our lives"
"Bad news for Carlos Marmol owners RT : Sveum finally considering a change at closer. Names Russell and Dolis as his options."
"Staying in shape never used to seem like a chore. What happened?"
"I detest community bathrooms."
"Mark your calendars! Kissing Daylight will be playing this years Kenny Ozzfest 4 at Radiodown in Covington KY on Saturday, December 3rd"
"RT Finally realized I'm not interdisciplinary or postdisciplinary, I'm just undisciplined. And I'm OK with that."
"So do we. And we still doing it"
"thank you for following us, cool web site!"
"Just had a random laughing contest with my brother.. And now, I feel really light-headed.. :\"
"Never let a fool kiss you. Or a kiss fool you."
"omg, cant believe the beeper didnt go off lol"
"aw christ man"
"Rule 3 - form an advisory board to help your business. Cardinal Rule from ,"
"Did you know the PDX Metro ReStores keep millions and millions and millions and millions of pounds out of the landfill each year?"
"she's so different now :o"
"Today is praise day at k love radio. Call and request He gave me this day to be played please. Thank u, Eric with Naked Like Adam."
"aww thanks- I'm fine! Unfortunately homesickness happens- part & parcel of living abroad. But still love it here in NY ; )"
"Way to much Reggie Evans happening right now for the #Clippers. Other then that, I like they're playing"
"As bad as it sounds I love Mondays lol"
"Today is a wonderful day!"
"Nicky how clean is the MOTU HD192?"
"Seems like i just got off the night shift ... and already the day shift begins."
"Just saw Reanimator the Musical last night and I kind of want to see it again already. Was so much fun."
"mak apparel (makapparel) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!"
"Sore back this morning...need some yoga."
"Hey everybody go follow please, you wont regret it,!"
"I love that style, where was it found, hand done or font family?"
"Cute guy in Canyon wearing a TJ Oshie shirt? DAY MADE!"
"thanks for the s/o!! Tonight should be a blast :-)"
"you kno i did doc"
"Computer may be infected with malware. Do a Safe Mode antivirus/antispyware scan."
"After waiting in line for about 25-30 mins, I finally have a number. The clock is ticking though, so I hope this is painless..."
"You've got to be shitting me"
"#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina The Vagina Network.. Follow me"
"I already created the brochures in Vistaprint. Problem is you can't print them."
"Check out the brand new song Loss/Gain! Let us know what you think! Thanks for all your support!"
"We gots to do our own thang!"
"I am okay with chopping it 3 ways as long as we each contribute the same amount and I get manage the money/investments"
"Happy Good Friday! Lift Him up today."
"This weather is SICK! Final rally--come celebrate in community with us."
"it's not you it's me."
"Coffe shop knows me by name"
"very cool!"
"Happy Birthday Zoe!! I really like your dog. She's beautiful!"
"Watching the #caseyanthony trial opening arguments. She looks like complete trash. (I know she is, but she could at least clean up some.)"
"7 track til completion of the upcoming mix-tape from F.O.E Da Clique. yes we looking for a DJ to host email info to"
"Got invited to go boating this weekend.."
"Happy girl :)"
"Price of flat screen tv's expected to go down 25% during the holiday season Sony, Panasonic & Samsung"
"oh that's an epic bobblehead! Rick's got a big head xD"
"since is going to my girl friday`s show at webster, you should too !"
"#mjc12 #SPJ Journalists from Region 6 & NBNA gather for the next two days in Minneapolis to work on making a difference everyday."
"Thanks sir!!!!"
"you almost made me get one too!!"
"Why no mention of the play being blown dead on the Brees fumble by Collinsworth and Michaels?"
"Baby you light up my world like nobody else"
"Natural disasters terrify the living shit out of me. Huge phobia."
"Those birds that woke me up at 7 am, also shit on my car this morning. Awesome."
"Strongly agreed!"
"we can eliminate the risk by sending you an experienced professional team that will have the job done quickly and within budget."
"let me know what you think! Turns out that rhe original head producer is behind this."
"Ghost in a Shell.... Shotgun is haunted."
"We are open today 3-7pm. Come and see what's new at NewVox, like, wine bottle ornaments and functional pottery. See you soon."
"Should I be worried that I haven't seen any live event tweets this weekend?"
"Is this the first time Stan Van Gundy has worn a collared shirt?"
"super promise I need to see you both!"
"Thanks to all who came out and bought jewelry from me!!! was an amazing event! Looking forward to many more!!!"
"got my first st. pattys day drunk/tipsy ;-) dial....lifes good."
"I am pretty sure you just like moving. Now in Austin eh?"
"Any idea when repeats start on TBS?"
"Glad we could help. Thanks!"
"I am in the same situation right now. Haha i'll get up eventually."
"haha now you know!"
"There is not a show more funny than 30 Rock."
"What day are you coming next wknd?"
"yes way ill take a perfectly rolled J over a swish any day"
"Fun Fun Fun Oh So much Fun...:)"
"Fellas stand on your toes your girl on her back she using both of her hands to hold it open jus fuck her with the tip for a min."
"i wanna kill comercials.. unless im in them XD"
"got a #fishtailbraid ;D"
"Thanks, for the RT on about value of Interior Designers. Keep the word moving..."
"RT : RT : BREAKING: North Carolina's anti-gay marriage amendment (amendment 1) has passed -"
"Thanks Clifford! RT , Friends for"
"Walker thinks 30 seconds of lies can talk you out of the pain you have experienced. How condescending. How contemptuous."
"Have you been under any stress lately? That could cause it. :("
"Thanksgiving was great in NYC. Now back to LaLa Land. All my love to family and friends"
"Not looking like a good day for baseball down here at"
"in February I will singing a very different tune on my way to work."
"RT : The intellectual and social climate needed to allow entrepreneurship to thrive will not exist in advanced capitalism...."
"Thanks!! Heidy is an excellent adapting squirrel :-)"
"I wna say Happy Mother's Day to my mom my gma and my two sisters!!!"
"MT: #MittRomneyknowshowtocreatejobslikejohnMcCainknowshowto ...... pick running mates"
"LMFAO! RT. (: but you're funny. STOP DICK EATTING"
"My Royals shirt keeps trying to impersonate my #SportingKC shirt because my SKC shirt is getting more wear lately."
"Joel Anthony.. Heat? Born in Mtl n played for Dawson.. I didn't know that."
"I do what I got to do"
"Crap I made a mistake in that last tweet"
"I would like to reccomend Nicholas:The Fantastic Origin of Santa Claus by"
"Now I know why SHARK Fights ruled...well, besides Bas & Frye"
"hahaha!!! “: #BREAKING: Santorum endorses Romney, says `above all else' they agree that Obama must be defeated. (AP)”"
"Read an article that is claiming bankruptsy so I bought donettes this am to help"
"Thanks for info. LMAO. Haven't even been to NY in yrs! Guess they're trying to \"infiltrate\" from inside? Not hard w/ open movement."
"I know :/ it happens to everyone"
"I haven't read the books but maybe they could have done it all in one movie. Guess I was expecting more."
"hay Autumn! omg yess. that would be awesomee."
"they treat us bad whenever we play there. With the exception few of their waiters."
"De Croft Womens Fuchsia Exclamation T-Shirt"
"Bored af like always, anyone wanna Skype?"
"#headup praying for a speedy recovery!"
"I gotta pay the MTA to rob me again today, can I come after work?"
"Gum: I like to chew it-chew it"
"Does your salon have custom domain email? () If not you should ask me how to get it. Its extremely easy. I'll explain!"
"All the cool kids pee their pants"
"Austin Mahone. My Inspiration♥ You bring so much to my life without even knowing it :') Thank You"
"C'mon FCC with the beepity-beeps of this Louis CK act. You're blindfolding the Mona Lisa."
"There was only one reason to go to a KFC, the honey BBQ wings. Now they've discontinued that. C-ya."
"watched the congressional hearing on Concussion and the NFl. amazed how they all talk about education and never mention the families. sad"
"Nothing is more powerful for your future than being a gatherer of good ideas and information. That's called doing your homework."
"If happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this."
"My back muscles have issues with my chest muscles and now i have a piched nerve"
"Wow, Bridesmaids is a fantastic comedy. Kristen Wiig is beautiful and hilarious."
"\"I don't even like oil.\" -Trey Comeaux"
"Lil Wayne doesn't make sense. His songs don't have any meaning, he just says dumb stuff about how he's so \"good\"."
"Idk They Was Just Randomly Talking Mess About Me Then Started Mentioning Me"
"Aw snap! She done been dickmatized!"
"#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies sneak in snacks so you don't have to pay 50$ for a chocolate bar.."
"what's that?"
"I think you get more comments on your GAC about people disliking that you've met them than anything else. Great job on your vid"
"That is a nice blue!"
"RT : #klout there's good bad & hope they can get it right. ://zite.to/JMGrmB spot on article."
"I. feel. shitty."
"ie: if your hometown was Westchester, NY like me, I wouldn't move back there to try & start something. But BOS has excited energy"
"I sure was.didn't see any posts in a while. School, definitely more important.Will say hello for you. Talk soon."
"ok brb gotta go eat"
"I think Subway has a ninja marketing tactic and that would be to make you smell like herbs and cheese ALL DAY!!!"
"Cant wait till the play is over and i get to work again!"
"you're fine with either. I'm a big fan of the orange myself"
"Make sure all you lawlorffs wanting to show love DM us your pics before friday ends we want all of you to be apart of this. lawlorffs go!:)"
"Never give up on your Future...."
"I BARELY KNOW THE FELLOW, HAVEN'T SPOKEN IN MONTHS"
"Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain"
"i need somebody crazy enough to tell me 'i will love you until we are buried' UGH VIC"
"Thanks for your help during"
"it's a beautiful day. So naturally, I'm going to be at work. :-)"
"I hope you ALL have a safe holiday"
"When you don't have students best interests at heart, you need to get out of the field of education ASAP!"
"Thats whats up Bro, thanks for the love!"
"I LOVE my Legal Shield membership!! This thing is bomb. I just saved myself headache, time wasted and dollarz. Hollar! :)"
"hey I'm good you? :)"
"You're original,cannot be replaced."
"Just keep swimming just keep swimming just keep swimming swimming swimming what do we do ? W E S W I M (x lol"
"Getting ready to go sing the anthem and half time show at the game tonight! #comeonout :)"
"#BabyBashBling welcomes as Swag Bag Contributor AND products to models for \"Bump the Runway\""
"Long time no tweets! How are y'all?"
"its the remix of his song Show Out off his mixtape"
"RIP Bill \"Moose\" Skowron"
"Make your own Monday. Let us know what you like and we build a wine tasting. Sold out show today for wine and Canvas."
"I have a feeling were gonna take game 3!"
"Last night I had a dream that j seen a giraffe and then Hailie came over my house and we were best friends."
"I will be mayor w/o ever stepping on the property. Goal anyway. Or I will Geaux in to be mayor that day"
"All you spineless people; go ahead and smoke the real problems away all you doing is leaving them for your young to parish under."
"We drank, we fought, he made his ancestors proud."
"I feel so giddy because you are following me. I LOVE Sideways! I feel like the 24 year old girl version of Miles."
"Ima Start A Riot, Ima Start A Riot"
"Today's BTU inspiration: \"I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief.\" ~Gerry Spence"
"So you pick a day to go to different thrift stores?"
"So far my favorite part of #socialfresh is seeing again!"
"Hooker hated nickname \"Fighting Joe Hooker\" thought sounded \"hot headed\". GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle"
"He has played 270 minutes so far, on average taking a shot every 11.25 minutes."
"will you be racing any around Wisconsin this year?"
"its already happening.. this is what my boredom has come down to."
"Clearly I need to get my tail over there."
"ALL HAIL SEGUIN!!!!!"
"this weekend?"
"Enough Jamie Lannister screen time already."
"Sven Giegold, Member of the European Parliament, founding member of Attac Germany."
"I have 13 buyin swongs in 156 hands of 6max PLO. Am I doing it wrong?"
"You would rock as mayor of Glendale, CA! Use your clout to give local issues a national stage! Bring sexy back to politics!"
"as many bottles of \"win\" as your heart desires :P"
"they're both very similar with their general suckitude."
"If I don't text you back it's cause I don't really have my phone right now, but I will later lol"
"Did you know...The Arthritis Foundation is the largest non-profit, private funder of arthritis research in the world"
"watching doctor oz show!!!"
"I'm so stocked to go HOME!"
"No kiddin! RT : I love you, but did you really have to put the Skins game on Thanksgiving????"
"I want my baby to be out the pin already!"
"you are my heart , my inspiration , my soul , and the air that I breathe I love youu !! xoxo"
"Never ever take life too seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyhow."
"hope you had fun and learned a few tricks. thanks for coming to the class!"
"I just got pregnant lookin at that picture! Dang u! Lol"
"Sippin on Gin & \"Juice\" OJ to stay in prison durring appeal. But he's such a likeable guy............. Hope he enjoys his Pruno!"
"Don't b fake and you will find that someone"
"What the hell is what? :-)"
"“: I love Sandra Bullock!” me too"
"trying to sleep! eh i cant do it lol"
"Never Stop - Safetysuit"
"Love your quotes and thx for the #FF love :)"
"You meet thousands of people, and none of them really touch you. But then theres that one. that one that makes everything worth it."
"Plus Two's make this world just a tad bit easier to tolerate"
"Um, buy alarm clock! RT : So sick of this phone. Cant wait to get a new one monday. Woke up late beccause of it"
"New Sigur Ros coming up in about five minutes on !"
"Happy Birthday beautiful!!!!!"
"here's to the rockets that came out of hibernation today on campus"
"Wow, lots of push for all chapters to submit a CEA award."
"Hahaha! There can be only one!"
"Trying to understand why MLS guy said hardcore women soccer fans are turnoffs. Took me 10 yrs to find a sport my wife loves."
"(Princeton) www.artistsandbrands.com"
"no worries, use it when you want!"
"I have sat in front of this computer for so long I swear I am beginning to collect dust."
"New fall class at West LA College - October 22nd....How to start and operate your own home-based business...sign up and get going! Helene"
"Idk why but I always seem to eat lunch like around 2"
"I believe that a GFS Marketplace just opened off of that intersection too, so technically there are 3 grocery type stores there"
"Pretty much guaranteed, any sentence that starts with \"Fuck it\" ends with a brilliant decision."
"Couldn't have said it any better."
"French speaking test today. I hope I pass, I actually have to study for this one."
"What did you do?"
"Bud Go Get Peyton!!! We Need 'Em!!! Titans All In!!!!"
"Is it bad that I rearranged my room just because I needed a better space to keep all my alcohol?"
"can you please follow She follows Back!(:"
"I never ask for help, I take care of myself"
"Dear Spring, I'm sorry for whatever I did. Please come back soon."
"In milwakee heading for Manhattan!"
"That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P"
"Your emotions are leaking."
"people are so stupid and lame if ur gonna brag bout being a badass be legit bout it instead being like oh im a badass cuz i got high on"
"I want you"
"#graduation hat hair"
"U/D Baylis - Fire thru the roof, request *2ND ALARM*"
"And this is why I say LIBERTARIANS ARE TOOLS OF THE 1%. The 1% and corporations want no govt, THEY make the rules, we suffer."
"ok so I have tickets now. so the hashtag is changing"
"Tonight, I rubbed the shoulders of the bass player from Cake. Never been less excited about a celebrity encounter."
"you're not alone! no anxiety here though, just the whole up at 4am thing..."
"We're building out some new analytics features at and we support IE7 and IE8. I'm building a raphael compatibility layer."
"find me then its Cody Nicolas Argumaniz"
"Aughh. Taxes are a bitch. Wine is gone. Rubbing alcohol starting to fascinate. Indeed, Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me!"
"he suffered a lot but he had a positive outlook and was stronger then any adult I ever knew"
"I don't remember giving a fuck."
"came to the lab ready to go in and got humbled by these beats... Now I gotta come up with a new game plan."
"#Avengers tickets bought!"
"#west #west #west #west but I'm from the #south #east so"
"My pleasure to lend a hand...I mean Tweet!"
"Go Saints!"
"a software engineer. What about you?"
"We don't have many rats in CO... Another reason I don't live in DC or NYC"
"haa best links on the web... I'm kicking myself. Now I know where to get those from for future ref.. :) Thanks Pip!"
"that doesn't sound too good."
"Never thought I would say this but the scenery on I20 is beautiful right now. Wild flowers and the color green."
"Also, walked all the way home from their hotel with my fly down."
"I don't like it very much, and not interested in the overwhelming amount of food/craft things ppl I know pin."
"You're a freak looking at my twitter. Filthy lesbian :)"
"basically lol. Doesn't sound too pleasing if u ask me"
"Drivers in #Somerville, if you are turning left from a stop sign and I'm crossing the street, I have the right of way."
"NCCMLS membership is growing quickly in 1st week. Sign up on NCCMLS and get a Free Real Estate Broker Banner Ad"
"I find it fascinating when someone can express themselves more eloquently in their 2nd language than I can in my native tongue."
"just like THE MARKETS, my churro lady paper is taking on a life of its own..."
"there might be a #castle season5 :)"
"thought he just complained bout celebrating, nigga better not be shaking hands till its over"
"Thanks for the follow... now following back! ;D"
"Kwanza is at breakfast, talking re his partnership w First Step Staffing, hiring their homeless clients as our office managers."
"The emphasis on student loans&education is relative to an opportunity existing? The MS democratic party is the most ineffectual I know.TBR"
"#10FavouriteChrisBrownSongs Sweet Love, Wet the Bed, All Back, Turn Up the Music, Crawl, Strip, I Love U, Say It With Me, Deuces, No BS ❤"
"omg I saw the ep. Omg. I weeped like a baby okay like srsly ohmygod it was perfect. I cried when Stefan was like you have me"
"Omg one more class then it's the weekend Cereal Bowles"
"yeah buddy :( im still playing tho. play with me bro !"
"you are honestly so sweet! Thank you for loving me!! I love you WAY MORE than you know!! (:"
"Too big to fail has failed."
"pretty fun that we are now on the same train!"
"Absolutely super talk by Pamela Samuelson of #eff at Rice U re Google Books failure and next steps!"
"The only thing funnier than Robert's reaction were the collective \"WTF?!\" reactions that exploded on Twitter."
"\"Leave, leave - And free yourself at the same time.\" ::glen hansard::leave::"
"old school jammin'"
"nice good stuff"
"hope you enjoyed your delivery today"
"Mentally exhausted"
"you guys are the cutest :)"
"Great afternoon at Thornton winery."
"well, we take orders over the phone & are quite capable running payment info through our POS system."
"We've hired a public address announcer who lived in a cave. The perfect Orioles fan. Congratulations, - or whatever your name is."
"LOVE that song."
"I need 6months vacation, twice a year.."
"you wild one!"
"25.5k after level 1. Playing well, made some huge folds to big fish who get there a ton..."
"im from good ol' austin, texas!!"
"Self-paced instruction resource: Engineer Guy: engineerguy.com"
"I am going to chuck e cheese and be a big kid"
"#in hi"
"ok... have fun"
"Only about $55,000 worth of member items are Assembly Dems. Or a total of 13 items"
"#pray for our president...those muthafuckas betta not try nothing"
"good luck babe!!!!"
"Iowa storms the court after upsetting #15 Wisconsin. Really?"
"Ill got to say be a good father bruh"
"Way to go, Mr. Rush! Kudos, and a big Spirit yell."
"finnished with appointments"
"RT : Congrats to fellow Madisonians for their big win at the #ETIS12 Innovation Incubator Program last night!"
"Gettin late here in LA. Going to call it a night. See you guys in the morning!"
"well, I got the best :)"
"yeah girl! it's about time, right?!"
"SAT at AREA702: Inherit The Sky, Sanity Is Lost, Just Like Scarlet, ACityMisleading, From The Ashes Of Hope, Viator Saint!"
"# Iowa of course!"
"I wonder if the Redskins recognize that this concept known as \"scoring\" is vital to winning."
"great logo!"
"Saw my first car today hopefully he doesn't sell so I can get it 😍😍😍😍"
"Great to see you again!"
"what would be the first song you would do a cover on?(:"
"In homeroom, walking around the school bored with some friends."
"well then."
"you're welcome :D"
"“: His Flowered Hawaiian Button down though <<<<”"
"Nothing scary about $250 credit. Enter to win, by tweeting the scariest place you've ever been to. Include"
"I didn't realize that standing up for people I love makes me sensitive?"
"I made a more articulate comment on HuffPo piece, but it wasn't published."
"I had no idea there was an \"International talk like a pirate\" Day in September. I'm mad I'm just finding this out."
"same here, i caved this morning and thought it was so charming that i re-posted on fb... sigh."
"I should've invested in knee pads for volleyball..."
"I honestly don't even understand how I have any tears left."
"I changed my number"
"We've also got Griffin Sharps From Oracle's Hamlet. AND the musical stylings of Library Ghost. It's all tonight, It's all free. check it out"
"You don't have to be #vegetarian or #vegan to LOVE #Chicago AUGUST 11&12 #Naperville #Illinois 630-955-1200"
"“Men trust God by risking rejection. Women trust God by waiting.”"
"There's golf AND baseball happening today! This sports year is getting started!"
"February 18th Baby!! Can't wait...I have an idea but it's a secret so follow me and I'll dm it to you."
"#bulls pregame on"
"a young kid, 15 is my damn age, you be like me, look me up facebook page. - <3"
"have a blessed work day. Lets go!!!"
"Just wanted to let you know that you are amazing. <3"
"SPIFs are dead simple with Xactly. \"Hand me a standard SPIF today and I'll have it up and running tomorrow\" Cox Biz"
"#CNNDebate Did Gingrich just say the Defense committee?"
"IM STILL ON FOLLOWING LIMIT? NO ONE UNFOLLOW ME!! I WANT TO FOLLOW U FIRST!!!"
"AH OMG bro i miss you so much more , i pretty much stay to myself . / im moving in FEB tho . hbu ? how you been ?"
"cool story bro!! Haha (:"
"The Greek pulling out of the US market for sports bettors is just as big when Pinnacle left..."
"prayers go out to japan ..."
"Where can I check that out at.. YouTube?"
"I hate waking up in the middle of a dream."
"well that sucks get better soon"
"Jessikah Needs a new boyfriend.. I kindah hate being single.... ):"
"\"write that down\" -van wilder #CONGLOMERATE respect it like busta said... Good morning bean town!"
"Going to be covering the Small Boutique Fashion Week show on Saturday super excited to see and film these emerging designers."
"Good job football team, we're all proud of you"
"hearts change,i know they do.. but this heart will always belong to u..hearts hurt, i know they do... but this heart hurts more without you."
"Loving my new iPhone!"
"cheer up don't worry about drama yolo!"
"ik but he's locked up now"
"My cousin gave it to me when I was like, 5."
"The horizon, to remind you of your courage, sends its gentle waves of confidence to kiss your feet. ~Dodinsky"
"I hear almost as many languages spoken here at as I did at the Pretty cool."
"A full day of work followed by a 3 hour drive to the mountains is ahead of me. Someone entertain me!"
"Thanks everyone! We'll be quoting your sweet potato fries recommendations in our next newsletter!"
"is this a joke? From the bottom of my heart please"
"We love you too! RT : I love you guys! Your bands ROCK! And it's the best on town! Kick ass!"
"Up way too early but it's for a good cause."
"The Real #1 Rowdy fan here... I'm that guy that's cheering on the Superstretch when you go up front. Yeah....that guy!"
"Lunch at Campi's. Give this place a try"
"Thank you Clem!"
"Does anyone know of an #architect or #designer who can help us think through floor plans for the #library?"
"sure do, u need beats?...lol"
"Oscar nominations this morning and a new Neil LaBute play at the Geffen tonight. Not bad for a Tuesday."
"- I can't get church to show up today :( Help!"
"Thank you! :)"
"what flavor?"
"yeah totally. Mhmm. Good luck with that."
"It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere."
"LET'S. GO. BULLS."
"Old Bassett Furniture Plant Catches Fire The old Bassett Superior Lines furniture plant plant in the 2600 block of Fairystone Park Highwa"
"at hotel delmano enjoying a beautiful cocktail"
"Proud of my boy for being the Breakout Star of Breakout Kings."
"I know"
"Pro Re Nata => For an occasion as it arises"
"You forgot"
"You are the bride of God, His fiancee. Based on how you treat Him do you think He should marry you?"
"Lecrae's \"Church Clothes\" is going to open some eyes.."
"omg where in la are you guys!? im here to!!"
"next time boil some cinnamon sticks and than add that as ur water so holy good lol"
"Here's a tough 1: find a pretty girl in a white dress, set up a hair dryer to blow up her dress & fire away! Tomorrow: the yawn & stretch."
"I know... I just wanna like sleep till thursday! :P"
"oh ok then what up cousin Vet!! We need to have a family reunion to link all our lineage! Its so many of us I be lost!"
"I need help using google anaytics with multitenant redirection in the cloud, is this possible? not clear from your webinfo"
"idk I do it a lot D:"
"Issac, thank you so much for your kind words! I truly enjoy helping people make the right decision for their present & future!"
"too pricey!"
"Can u edit this pic for my icon? Can I have my username it it like the other one, maybe bigger & something to do with Ari?"
"Your in a near little roll here"
"Bout to go up here n vote"
"Docent’s were not delivering an iPad tour but rather judiciously using iPad to enhance a particular moment -"
"Hey U know as a Manager U gotta see what Ya Tworking wit early <--- Waay early so U can make (War time) adjustments!"
"Follow me Back?:)thanks"
"bizzy bone lookinn ass..yu smell like hot breathe and sour chips wit yo wolf lookinn ass..akon nose wit a size 12 shoe lol"
"Its not even the same no more"
"wait, the clippers won last night?"
"Just upgraded my OS to Lion. iCal looks like leather and is so full of dups I want to cry. I wish it were ugly but worked."
"Hi there! Yes we play at Red Rock Saloon in Milwaukee and are back there on May 25th! Do you own The Rodeo?"
"Georgetown CCPE thanks all of our service men and women for their dedication and sacrifice for our country"
"Life itself still continues to be an exceptionally efficient therapist."
"Oh boy. Can't wait."
"heading to the tweetup/social at Passanger and RFD. Photographing drunk libs last night was easy - will need to be stealthy tonight!"
"Welcome to the team Tim Harris, and Scott Galemore!!!"
"approved copyedited draft of article I wrote for Oxford Encyclopedia of Am. Military & Diplomatic History; sent to editor"
"Be really careful tomorrow. The roads are going to suck. *worried*"
"of course I'm up!"
"#ICantStandWhen I am forced to be around someone who thinks they are above others."
"Nothing like a tux to make a man feel like a Man."
"We will be using the #drupal Mailchimp integration module and I agree it looks promising."
"hey every1 I am over tweet limit on"
"What does Just Desserts mean to you? Just _ _ _ __? You fill it in!"
"babe my family ain't racist"
"You're an amazing actress. Happy to be following you! :)"
"Austin is the best. Kbye. ♥"
"Going out for a change."
"is giving life back its stupid lemons and demanding chocolate!"
"Birthday pedicure with ! Thanks roomie!"
"#ILove5GaysBecause they always make me happy :)"
"\"Were we now to fall / to our stubborn knees\""
"What sirens ?"
"Thanks for the RT yesterday. I heard Saul Reyes speak in El P last month. He's clear and good."
"A writer is a spectator, looking at everything with a highly critical eye."
"I am speechless at hearing about the lost of Irv, don't know what to say"
"Watching my guy Rocky on my hometown network"
"aww pewpew! I was distracting your boy with texts while you were spending QT together."
"Encore Suspense is running a Psycho marathon today. Brilliant! Let's buy Mom some flowers & then watch Psycho."
"#4FamousWords, bring your own beer."
"is down for me??"
"happy hump day"
"Hey you . What's up ? How have you been ?"
"I would hope I would feel that hewas the one who lost out, forgiveness would be next because I would not want that to eat me up"
"7 hours 45 min from runk to my front door in Nashville. If I leave at 8 am CST I think I can get there by dinner ..."
"Yes girl! So great Luv u tons RT : so good seeing you today mama...Crazy word.. Glad to have gotten fed with you :)"
"Check out the Sweet Shirts we printed for Grambling State University! These shirts started as basic white T n we printed on the entire shirt"
"Rise Against is playing Broken English. FUCK"
"I normally don't do politics, but... Is the 2-party system really a good idea? Or the cause of our (\"us\" vs \"them\") political problems?"
"downloading mayday parades new sound which suckss cause they sound lke every other boy band now! =("
"Listening to six brand-new, freshly-mastered LHW songs."
"another early day"
"My house is filled with both good friends and food. This is good."
"Glad you found our infographic interesting, thanks for sharing!"
"If we use adrenaline purposefully instead of wasting it, then it can be available for the real urgent situations."
"i already know ...."
"My thoughts and prayers go out to Owen Pickett's family-he was a great public servant and just a great guy, period."
"If anybody says the word \"hey\" really fast so it gets to the point where it sounds like they're saying \"aye,\" I just break out in A Punk."
"It's national burger month. Let the #BurgerGames begin!"
"ok Thank-you. I told Jason and he is satisfied with that"
"it was awesome! “: Glad you enjoyed hearing from Howard at ! Thanks to for a great event!”"
"We're super excited too. Will try to send you some pics, great idea!"
"have you tried to mimic any of the LA accents you've heard yet?"
"-- I've noticed, but why?"
"Doing great, feeling great. 80/20 Scorer launches tonight so I am excited, enjoying the games."
"9th inning runs"
"Charging my phone in Mrs.Smiths class lol my favorite class<3"
"yes, definitely. I can drop it off this weekend or Monday. Which ever works better for you :)"
"Check out NARA's Citizen Archivist Dashboard - http;//www.archives.com/citizen-archivist jones"
"If you give me the right feelings, I can rebuild your shattered heart."
"#NP TPain - When I Come Home"
"IM PREGNANT AGAIN!!!!!!"
"I have to see what it is about... That is too funny..=D.. I wonder if it is a ultra-violent Mortal Combat style ..;-)"
"Ok what are you referring to? :-) the google doodle?"
"around noon - my husband will be in to pick it up! Thanks so much!"
"I love the design, but I would also tweak some things. I'm still not 100% sold on WP7, but maybe once I get hands-on time..."
"I'm jealous 😁"
"My friend said 11:11 make a wish and i starting screamin lyrics hehe <WeMissAustin!>"
"i got and Choooch"
"oh boo :( It would have been fun to catch up. Have fun in #Korea tho!"
"Me Too! What a Man!"
"Actually made it in Pages, not the best tool for such diagrams (looking for others) but it worked in a pinch."
"now 2 of my friends have 1D tickets. OMG I NEED THEM SO BAD IM CRYING"
"When nothing's ever going your way, When you're shit out of luck, and you're feeling stuck, say, So, what, whatever <3 - Hot Chelle Rae"
"Gotta admit I love Pagan in the five hole."
"lmao i leave twitter for a while an come back to random followers... odd."
"He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.-Elbert Hubbard"
"If it's anything like my apartment complex was last night, it'll be \"Call Me Maybe\" and \"Sexy and I Know It\" all day long."
"ahh I MUST go see it! Many people have said the same thing! It must be good if it topped the box office @ $200 mill!!"
"You've apparently even hacked. I'm getting spam DM's from your account."
"Good times had at the wine expo. Tonight. Feeling cultured"
"GET IT"
"have fun and be SURE to get there early!"
"Hella late but Happy birthday to that man Drake. #GOODARTIST s/o"
"I haven't heard an ice cream truck in this neighborhood in a while. I thought they were all too scared to venture in to the \"hood.\""
"On 4 hours of sleep, #NoBueno 😁😁💤"
"how did Ishtar do? im thinking about seeing it, want to know if the box office report came back on it"
"Sharing chocolate chips & watching #TheGoodWife with"
"Everyone else on the Clippers besides CP3 and Blake needs to step up if LA is winning this."
"RT :Arm Leg Leg Arm Head"
"God is good all the time!"
"fair enough my young brother. fight until your heart is content"
"Thanks for helping us spread the word about the food waste webinar on May 29th! , Will you be attending?"
"I'm thinking of possibly starting to do a daily #RandomThoughtOfTheDay type thing as well.. So Many things I wanna voice. Yay or nay?"
"Uh-oh, it's only mid month and I'm dangerously low on my NYTimes freebies."
"Damn I want a KitKat..."
"SORRY I ALREDY HIT THE FOLLOWING LIMIT =( FROM 500 FOLOWING NOW TO 1000+ I'LL TRY IT THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW COZ I WONT B ON"
"keep is in mind, coffee and cake on us."
"If you talk to a man in a language he understands that goes to his head . (Nelson Mandela} but if you talk to a man in his own language"
"you just yelled in my ear on top of all the noise already going on...."
"I'm kinda excited to work all weekend."
"Going to be a great year"
"Wassup Twitter World Kinda Bored Need Something To Do"
"thinks it feels like it will be a snow night."
"Will the PayPal Pro addon (when its complete) include the ability to charge for one-time and recurring at the same time? thx"
"Chapel hill moving to Twilio"
"Make some wheat toast, then add chunks of tuna, shredded cheese then microwave and add some pickles. Enjoy with an iced tea and lemon slice."
"just submitted three proposals to goruco"
"I will, as soon as he stops telling me his incredibly interesting sneaker stories haha."
"I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit."
"\"FORE\" more years!!! \"FORE\" more years!!! \"FORE\" more years!!!"
"The shirt looks cool! Was initially distracted by Captain Cane's ferocity. That hurricane looks CUNNING."
"call you this afternoon ..."
"hell naw I seen u the other week downtown drinking a big ass beer"
"I kno 😔 I miss you hoe."
"Haha aw thanks! I just might. :)"
"Opening today: \"IndiVisible: African-Native Lives in the Americas\" Race&Family"
"I love my #mom <3"
"Yay, this is a first: laying out a business card for a professional wrestler!"
"doing my part to provide you with venues to tout your own blog as important and worthy"
"no idea what you meant, we just played with our base set."
"What a tremendous accomplishment to have written a book! Congratulations!"
"Happy Hump Day! I hope your having an amazing day!"
"I was in the shower bumping that shit and was just getting my groove on. Forgot I was showering for a minute, lolol."
"omg no i could never hate u!ur such an insperation!and no were not best friends were family(: the fizzy family sticks together ^_^"
"Haha this made me think of camp when I first met you and Bri!"
"oh hm idk! Lol I thought it was"
"#TwSIG Using mobile devices to report twitter in fieldwork for environmental classes."
"That sounds like wayy more fun than taxes!"
"“A Minute with Maxwell” Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com Sign up to get them every morning! Inspirational"
"I agree, 100%. Grant has a warm spirit, and true compassion for the clients they are asked to help."
"\"If the world hates you, know that it has hated me before it hated you\". (John 15:18)"
"Hahaha I love it, track is almost as hot as Troll! You guys need to do a show in Chicago =)"
"at least they called me"
"Using the hashtag #sun seems like a uniquely Seattle thing to do."
"come see me then!"
"Law and Order SVU marathon, I blame you for my lack of productivity today. Thanks A LOT, Olivia..."
"that looks positively decadent."
"Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.-- James Dean"
"it looks really crisp n that's w/o photoshop. Combined all the media from the skate adventure today."
"Thank ya(:"
"Clearly, Mike Sherman didn't give the Baylor halftime speech. Impressive drive by Bears gives 'em a 31-24 lead."
"OMG!!!so dying of laughing at ONE DIRECTION FACTS...:P"
"My mom just sent me some photos of her in Greece. So jealous. Who wants to plan a trip!?!"
"if I ever went to Cali you would be the first person I hit up. Then possibly some other people."
"can u tell her to follow me it would mean the world to me"
"WooHoo! RT GoTime\'s Happy Hours app is quite good (on iPhone and BB also)"
"help me decide too!"
"Whatever happened to Rich Boy?"
"Welcome bella Very tough classes"
"Vacation and pay day tomorrow: that'll do."
"I'm looking to expand my collections management and exhibit content development network in Chicago - I'd love to chat!"
"TNT Set to Broadcast HBO's 24/7 Mayweather/Cotto Reality Series"
"Just finish good workout with1 of my favorite girls #Abi she tried 2 show me out on tha tread. Bout to sit back sip wine & write this paper"
"Could use maybe a lamp? ;-)"
"Me too!! : We are gonna be at the #Make-A-Wish #Summer #Nights fundraiser at #MotoCorsa in #Portland 06/11/11"
"bro you going to ?"
"Thanks for the follow. Love your website & looking forward to learning more!"
"stories like this are why I must keep subscribing to wall street journal...dammit!"
"so true!! Thank you twitter!!"
"Dan, to answer your question, yes, every Sat @ Allerton Hotel 2nd floor. 7-11pm"
"Want my bed."
"me too son!!"
"This Friday the 13th new track by Dizzy Deuce & Bobby Gritz titled \"The 6kness\""
"Determined at our public svcs lunch: Denmark is the Ohio of Europe."
"drunk just thinking about it!"
"cupcake! that's a new one!"
"in my room. Whhy?"
"With Extra Innings blackout rules this is the only time I can't watch it on YES. So I guess it's not too bad. ;)"
"Calling a cab when you are too drunk: $21.50."
"Fed my cat a scrap of turkey today. He almost bit my hand off."
"You're right! The article and and the test are excellent! Thanks. Relief to know I'm still gritty, just a little fuzzy at the mo!)"
"October 15 masquerade heaven stage!!!"
"Spent the day as a style consultant :)"
"dude, yer awesome. When are you coming back north? Hope yer good!"
"Did he say \"poo the color of mayonnaise\"??"
"Heading home after a great weekend and successful leadership training."
"When is the deadline to #donate?"
"Minnesota's own Danielle Vojta made the top 4 Morganette bracket! She still needs your vote Text DANIELLEV to 44686, bracketmaster.spike.com"
"Uh...honey?...what's this about a car bomb?"
"i want to make a video \"things people say when watching people say things that people say\""
"It's been 11 months since my last race. Guess who is getting a little excited for tomorrow? That's right. THIS GUY!!!"
"Lmfao!!!!!!! The one that ends with 9677??"
"Today was a good day. 2 of our 4 guys made the national team."
"I'm hoping for a nice long weekend"
"flying back tomorrow night Tehran time!"
"Tired of crying"
"If I was your boyfriend, you know I'd do you wrong. YOU KNOW, I'd do you wrong."
"Marty: I filled the tank, Laura went to take pictures at a Shipley's donuts. The wait for gas is shorter than donuts. M, donuts ..."
"Very proud of"
"Taking and to SNL this weekend. Thanks to boys for hooking us up!"
"Gotta get back on my tweeting. The early twitter bird gets the worm I guess."
"- that's the exact type of photo shoot i love, playing smiling, etc. in their environment!"
"Just saw former researcher for the first time in a while, and noticed him from the back of his head! We miss you Micah!"
"Its #redshoeday! Ill be at friars and northside drive collecting donations for the Ronald McDonald House Charities!"
"Fergie is the worst."
"Do women find eating challenges attractive? I'm thinking no........"
"It's a big hit for the Casinos!"
"Would enjoy Christmas lights year round.But then they would lose that \"specialness\"- let them remind us all, JESUS is the LIGHT OF THE WORLD"
"Finally getting GQ'd up LOL"
"- just ask yourself: what is the specific purpose of the scene and how can every word get me there?!!!"
"how you Been?"
"IM jealous i always wanted to visit Italy.. trying to get a passport for this feb!!!!!"
"Keep the killer stache!"
"hey sexy, I need to talk to you!! 😁"
"can't fall back asleep. let's tweet about it."
"-i miss the times when a warm shower would put me to bed.. ugh.. kids have it made, lol"
"World Aids Day 2day :) i wore my ribbon <3"
"I know! It's funny how that worked out. You're on the west coast, and I'm midwest. Then you move midwest, and I go west coast."
"Aawww... don't let the little girl get into trouble! I'd rather go back to the hair perv or the lady w/ the scissors."
"Youth Court this Saturday! Keep warm till then!"
"6 more days!"
"Amped for the party of the summer. Club vain Detroit 1500 Woodward.. Sat 30th...."
"I've never sold anything on eBay, but I've bought a ton of shit, how does it work selling stuff !!!!"
"food is the biggest turn on."
"If you haven't already checkout the New \"SNOCLOTHING\" Wristband's. Only $3 and we are donating to Cancer Research!!! SNOCLOTHING.com"
"golf party at applebee's 👍⛳"
"See...you just doubled your followers!"
"Gotta love that neapolitan ice cream"
"Right on! Hopefully you've got time to check out our music!"
"Just handed on my last assignment!! Can't wait for celebratory baseball and bluegrass w/ and friends! 🌈🎉🍻"
"I imagine him and inspector gadget have some sort of deal going where they trade off on gadgets every now and again."
"Yeah its a straight steezz"
"Stoked to be playing Stork Club on Thursday, Dec 1st. Shake Me!, Dreams, TRAILS AND WAYS, Steinway Junkies, Spooky Flowers. Be there!"
"love you too gurl."
"Jalen Rose just straightened out Skip Bayless and Stephen A Smith mite have fueled the fire between him and AI again!!!!!"
"Thanks! :D"
"Who are you excited to see at #warpedtour Vans Warped Tour 2012?!?"
"Way to make collin jealous Patti ha love you"
"Music education from an early age is not just about knowing music theory. It is also about helping children become better human beings."
"Haven't gotten around to taking a new avatar pic, too busy doing spec work to try and land a new job :p"
"T4 Simplify administrative processes. Too much time/mental energy spent helping patients navigate complicated system"
"I believe DA asked her to declare law had not been published, but she declined to rule, saying she wants to hear more testimony/args."
"I guess it would depend on the point of split. Like is there a parallel you out there? There may be a parallel god too."
"Now your just somebody that i use to know."
"That smile doesn't last long be cause loneliness Makes sure I'm reminded of my flaws. .... The realist sh*t I've wrote in a min."
"#Dedication RT Legit spent 7 hours studying for the math final with"
"Happy Dance time #Fringe is back :)"
"OW WELL I LOVE ITS FUNNY"
"Happy Birthday !"
"well thanks yo! u always look good!!!"
"your welcome!:)"
"Two straight years out of the playoffs in the first round. Tough break"
"Truth: I got 1st & 3rd verses on that. But no hook or 2nd verse."
"I hope so!! A little worried about securing tickets though."
"Happy Birthday, President Obama. My Grandfather always said that the first 100 years are the hardest - you're half way there!"
"I still got grease in my stomach from eating church's so much growing up.RT : I want some boneless wings from Churches Chicken!"
"RT : The first step before anyone else in the world believes it is that you have to believe it. -Will smith"
"Nails done, hair done..."
"Heyy dahling! Lost your # & email when my phone crashed! Will be in L.A. for allstar weekend. im miss u!"
"Google him and check the website. But I think you need to be in WI for it to count."
"Don't miss the Clear WiMAX launch ceremony & prize drawings @ Best Buy from 4-6pm! Our GRAND PRIZE:a NETBOOK w/6 mo. of free CLEAR service!"
"Good word!"
"hell yea me to this fucking ran"
"Hi sam- just e-mailed you a pdf of the article. Let us know if you need anything else."
"RT : #Detroit is on the rise. Follow #detroitbiz for live tweets from the Detroit Business Conference Tuesday 4/24."
"MESSAGE ME OR RT IF YOUR GOING THRU SOME HEART BREAK"
"I71 south being shut down between Weber and Hudson"
"ching, ching! :)"
"ugh YES. I've been listening to them all day."
"Longest Friday ever. Shoot me."
"Thanks for the mention, have a great weekend!"
"30 days until I turn in my last paper of the semester"
"Just realized why has been complaining why she needs to poop....its a full moon tonight"
"that's still pretty damn cool. one of these days, i'll be one of those musicians she discovers on youtube, haha."
"I stay up late every night, regret it every morning, then do it all over again."
"haha & no forest monsters bullshit! I ain't up for the dark ass woods! Lmao"
"Anyone need a photoshoot?? Get at me.."
"they don't have the space. My friend recommended La Dolce Vita (plus it's next to Quack's Bakery)."
"If the forms need to be filled out by your letter writers, make a confidential evaluation request from your account."
"It's on!!! First one home gets one minute alone with the buffalo chicken dip."
"Because so many people went to our benefit at Pinkberry on Sunday we raised over $180 and now our team has enough to bike against MS!"
"no, Shaun through a rock across crowy and she pretended it hit her and pretended to cry;-)"
"J.K. Rowling to Write a New Novel for Adults"
"LOVED the music for the show last night! Classical night rocked it!why don't I see you in the audience next to"
"more followers would be nicee but its ok im still going too be me"
"how are you watching it? I was bummed not to find it on Netflix instant or Hulu when I checked a couple of months ago."
"curators say \"wow\" to direct conversation with audience online. they might feel \"hidden\" behind publications and educators."
"The rain is crazy right now!"
"OPENING TOMORROW in NYC: A Festival Favorite from Japan, 'I Wish'"
"Yup RT : I need to get a list of all DMV #NT on here."
"Speaking on 3-9-12 @ ACFE Lehigh Valley Chapter on Why the Fraud Triangle is No Longer Enough to Battle Fraud. Go Crowe!"
"Ew no he's too ugly"
"We utilize twitter 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad."
"Happy Hanukkah everyone!!!!"
"no matter how you feel,there's always gonna be something that makes you smile #TSS :)"
"nixgee tell ur phone to quit calling!"
"No man is lonely eating spaghetti; it requires so much attention"
"Today's tale: The Man of Law! www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets"
"#2020Makeitstop this is crazy but interesting story <3"
"Thanks for RT!!"
"My 5 year goal: to get my family outta milwaukee"
"i think you're fine you really blow my mind maybe someday you and me could run away i just want you to know i wanna be your romeo hey juliet"
"So, Mecca is probably the better plan! (Plus, MECCA! Haven't been in ages!)"
"I have a real question: Have you ever/When was the last time you prayed so hard to the point where words start coming out of no where???"
"Great band they got for Backbeat, I'll give you that."
"im going to buy her album in the future"
"Oomf's so cute!"
"JUST got here. Better late than never!"
"One way to up your running pace is to accidentally get mixed up with a JV track team on the jogging trail."
"yea, ima try, but that probably won't be until like august iif I do"
"Yea this hurt a lil bit"
"Great time over at listening to talk about #democracy #community #Baltimore &"
"WHAT UP FAM? HIT ME UP!"
"my father promise me if I had a reply from u give his new car \"it is Ferrari\" pleas pleas pleas ☹"
"I find myself using cash less because _____________________"
"SO if the world was to end in 30 minutes, who would you saw \"I love you\" to?"
"I hope today b an outrageously fun day!"
"“: We are so happy to announce another amazing member to the LocalUp Team, UI/UX Designer - ” <- Congrats all!"
"IJJP on the move again!!!"
"and my puppy :)"
"Coming to ever-fabulous for a drink"
"Do u know the guacamole is good for health & tastes better with fresh cilantro, spicy jalapeno & fresh tomatoes?"
"sure ur right. U r not mean like that."
"I make people love me!"
"right? Been way too long."
"Twinkle twinkle little skank, don't you know yo pussy stank."
"#PCA steve is like a nerdy funny"
"YOLNT... if you're a cat."
"everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 9"
"we found love in a hopeless place!"
"your not OLD AT ALL!!!"
"S/o to for being an amazing best friend <3 i love you cella!!"
"Thanks for sharing our news! :)"
"Call for Local & Licensed Locksmith You Can Trust 24HR. $19 service call 619-335-7969 http:/www.ISDlocksmith.com Locks Installation Lock"
"I LOVE BEYONCE"
"Siguele con ganas! Rosetta Stone is amazing, you'll be speaking spanish in no time :)"
"Great times with the other night.. awesome dudes!"
"All I can think about is that loss"
"Club Cinema is back"
"All the online reviews for the Roomba and Scooba are favorable, but I think they might fake, planted. Anybody?"
"Redhawk parkway is closed, no million dollars for me tonight :-("
"Leo meeting and then home :DD"
"hahaha as long as we don't tell her lol"
"Sometimes i take a fish out of the aquarium and question it......or as i call it \"air boarding\""
"Ohh , Edward Has A Twitter (:"
"sounds delicious"
"me to i wanna go to Justin's concert as well"
"Ain't that special. Two tasks. Bring back a W and a new HC! Enjoy! Happy New Year."
"Always be kind in"
"We have to say we are so proud of the US women's soccer team!"
"Props to for introducing me to the"
"those look absolutely amazing. makes me hungry just looking at them!"
"Delayed in the ATL. Luckily the Sweetwater is flowing freely"
"Sorry - that must be so frustrating! Please email support[at]webgreek[dot]com or call 1-888-WISE-OWL (947-3695) & let's fix it"
"I'm seeing more of that happen... it's really absurd. people can't talk?"
"It's Peytons house and will always b UNTIL you can bring us a ring #ANDREWLUCK, then i will be UR biggest fan but4 now let's get a MVP LOL"
"despite the #old feeling, it was a humorous (and shocking) moment for those of us in the know... :)"
"Good luck! (with paleo) You may have heard you could feel like crap for a few days, but then after, never better."
"Goodnight peace out"
"what u know bout that lol"
"amen my sista. Its a lot easier to love honey than vinegar!"
"like that my nigga"
"Sometimes it makes me feel unique and inventive."
"I want you to be my shorty."
"I'm bout to graduate in May and I'm more confused about what I want to do with my life than before I went into college"
"On partnerships and money, document as much as possible without ruining the spirit of the project. -"
"today is a new day. Its past 12"
"Jog felt amazing! :) as alwayss"
"Thanks for all your help last night at the launch"
"Jase is my new favorite!! Hahaha."
"What is the impact of your writing? Can be viewed by some, or can go viral. Try different avenues for publication."
"The May 2012 Austin Real Estate Networking Event Is Thursday, May 17"
"Great win today!!"
"Got my Starbucks gift card today - thanks!"
"The Knot says I am way behind on wedding planning, but my planner book says I am way ahead. Who should be believed?"
"About to watch the remake of Conan the Barbarian. I already want a refund on the next 1.5 hours of my life."
"yeah, we suck."
"beautiful weekend ahead for nyc..... check out and and enjoy their outdoor dining areas!"
"I wanna RT this"
"Hahah no problem(:"
"nobody asked me to go thts ok though"
"#timeisnow town meeting tonight 7pm @ El Portal Theater in NOHO. Power in numbers dancers. Be there. RT"
"If I get enough of my followers to say they want to check it out I'll post a screenshot....So who wants a sneak peek??"
"You're probably right about that!"
"Heat beat OKC with Bosh Wade and LBJ finally back together"
"yup! A lot of insecure and dishonest personalities here."
"nice meeting you. Looking forward to your set tonight"
"LAST NECESSARY day on Pitt Campus. #CanIGetAnAmen?!"
"OH: \"Got a text from WalMart saying I won $1000 - How do they have my phone#?\" Good reminder: a lot of ppl are not very tech-savvy"
"For everytime we lie to ourselves, the thing that we fear grows stronger"
"excuse me who are u"
"Man, United Airlines' website is like freaking Godaddy with the upsells."
"Hey Greg, How are you?"
"hope all is well sweetie :)"
"thanks for the RT! Haven't seen you in a while - how have you been?"
"Wide awake and Grinding ... Sending Love .. P .. Light to U and Big Mama ... Peace"
"I'm going to travel to Florida on a horse."
"#questionoftheweek will #occupyoakland benefit or harm Oaklands rough reputation?"
"For more World Breaking News visit www.tncnews.com"
"'Why has the violence against women turned into this?'"
"Nah it was fun! I'm working on getting him logged on!"
"looks like you've been working out :)"
"I'm in labor RT Celebrate Labor Day weekend with some laughs is back at THIS Saturday, 9/3, at 9pm."
"Frying is delicious, but so is grilling with a touch of smoke and finishing in buttered wing sauce (+less mess). That's my plan."
"lol look at your old school house phone..."
"You mow your own lawn?! RT : Gotta mow the lawn for the first time of the season. Wonder if the old iPod still works?"
"The only thing I seriously want for my birthday right now is for to tell me Happy Birthday!"
"I know it sucks it not the same without and"
"Although, Other Printing Companies are closed for the day due to the Holiday, NYC Printing 123 is open to take any printing orders! Call..."
"I think when you find the right person you dont \"need to get to know them\" cause you know them ALREADY"
"that was my first thought."
"i hope... In his remaining contract idk maybe if the yanks resign him after this contract"
"Mighty lil fundraiser in the making here! Working on my, I WALK- Colorado AIDS Walk photo now!"
"Right on #wvu mountaineers"
"I believe the Lord gave us the dignity of being \"causes\" last night! So thankful for ur family leading us In worship of Jesus."
"My mom canceled my America's Next Top Model recording. This is the worst thing that's ever happened to me."
"I starting to think Blake cant guard Westbrook!! Just starting tho"
"Hope you still continue to write on music; I looked fwd to the music column in T.R."
"Went to Food lion with this bitch. C:"
"For a guy who likes the clean lines and order of mid-century modern design, I live in the most chaotic unorganized spaces imaginable."
"I still need to do my science -.-"
"LOLOLOL i had that moment a couple of times and then I ended up in philadelphia."
"Don't forget: Ludacris tickets are on sale tomorrow at the Hub at 10 AM, $20, two tickets per Suffolk ID."
"Congrats to for advancing in the #NCAATourney last night!"
"Watching #BigBangTheory. Sheldon, \"Live Long and suck it Zachary Quinto.\""
"you still tryna stay tomorrow ?"
"What a day"
"that was way too mean!"
"An institution's history (as EU's will convey in such a case study) evolves but must be disseminated, digitally anymore, so truer forms..."
"Def not a leave work early person....."
"make that like 300!"
"Out and about in NYC.it' s getting cold again"
"my record pre-order hasn't shipped yet, sad panda."
"\": YES! :) has announced the BOOSTER GOLD television show in development. #skeetswillbethere\" best news all day !"
"I cant breathe without you but I have to. These words got me through the hard day."
"if you're downtown and hungry, go to and get the bok choy edamame salad. Yum!"
"U were saying?"
"Yep it is! I hope he is having as much fun as he can!"
"How many student photographers & filmmakers do we have following us?"
"Very true that there is nothing better then iced Kenya brewed on the Clover or in a Toddy. :)"
"That's great! RT : I love the only way I get my omega 3s!"
"There is no cheering for your fantasy team when the VIkes are playing."
"Fellow YOUNG JUSTICE fans: what are your Wally West theories, especially after the Aqualad reveal?"
"Oh boy November is turning out to be a west coast travel filled month. SFO, PDX, and SEA."
"I spent more time picking out a font for my poem than I did actually writing it"
"“: Find us at 12a on ESPN for the full our of Baseball Tonight as we recap both of the LCS games.” you mean \"hour\""
"If I do asia well be the 1st one to cry"
"So excited for this chili's right now. Yum :)"
"as in that's what's up on the tweet"
"Good luck to the Hoosiers tonight vs. Michigan. New IU tees coming real soon. Stay tuned..."
"Thanks nationwide for giving me my own health care debit card with an allowance. Just ordered new contacts. Starting to see blurry"
"His dailies are amazing, I'm getting a few of his stills framed."
"Selena's alright Demi's just better& people can actually really relate to her music&it actually means more<3 I love Demi!"
"me: You seem cool…follow me on Twitter. Foreign person: What is……Tweeter? me: ·___·"
"We go beat them sorry ass Celtics without the #Stars tonight!"
"Awkward moment when you start telling a blonde joke to a blonde"
"thanks and we are!!"
"LMFAO recount, it's my week so I don't understand why we don't just split it? Cause it is MY week"
"such beautiful veils! Made my heart melt just a tad!"
"which version? The studio or pro or tour?"
"Spring is in the air the next couple of days with sunshine and temps in the 40s.I just hope it doesn't feel like Feb in April!"
"I hate typos!"
"Ha! I had no idea!"
"Classic Rock > any other genre."
"So according to im RATCHET!...ahaha #Cool!"
"OH I want some deets"
"My Last Friday of my Sophomore Year! :("
"happy birthday beautiful xx"
"and of course I forgot to start him."
"Good times...(:"
"See you here!"
"thanks k!"
"if you don't answer at least one of 's questions i'm writing a complain letter to someone idk something but she loves u"
"RT oh lol thank you ./You're welcome. Lol! I know we can be sensitive about hair/I have a TWA so just imagine"
"Exercise does more than just tone your body - it boosts self-esteem, improves mood and revs up metabolism!"
"Be active for at least 2½ hours a week. Include activities that raise your breathing and heart rates."
"Happy Administrative Professionals Day - Your hard work is appreciated!"
"This is the best winter weather EVER!"
"\"I wake up to reality now, but tomorrow I could wake up to my dreams becoming reality.\" - Willow Duplechain <3"
"Finally the truth LOL! RT : : If I end up missing ... after you call the cadaver dogs y'all go check out."
": Mindmeister vs. Freemind - I've used & like both, but it's annoying not to have a standard interchange format for mindmaps"
"What if aliens only abduct crazy people because no one will ever believe them?"
"Champs for lunch! #thefab13 and others!"
"Word. Yeah I was sick yesterday but what you up to this weekend?"
"Thank you and good luck! It is the best experience!"
"Sounds great if I hear anything, I'll let you know."
":: yep, happy to participate, email me deets!"
"Don't forget to text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a #FREEPIZZA! Normal messaging rates apply."
"Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life."
"Santa orginally had a demon that dragged the bad boys and girls to hell"
"Hainstock in the house?"
"One Direction are officially in Auckland, New Zealand :) safe & sound!"
"Hello? Anyone there? You guys keep spelling appetite incorrectly. Might want to change your auto-message. It's on repeat."
"Anthony Davis' unibrow is the real winner here"
"Man am I tired today. We're dog sitting for my sister-in-law and the dog kept me up since before 4:00am."
"THIN LIZZY, YOU FECKER! // RT : Hey, you know what sucks? IRISH MUSIC."
"Glad to see Kelly Clarkson shed her Jan Brady look from Super Bowl last week for tonight's #Grammys. another forgettable moment from"
"depending on how my money is spent i might get a ticket for florence and the machine"
"The folks at sent me a sample of merquén spice a while back & now I'm hooked. Just got a 3-pack I ordered to restock"
"Why did you even have to post that? You shouldn't have had to. This is why I want to punish librarians sometimes."
"#OECD Copenhagen output: Gov subsidies KILL entrepreneurship..."
"Pregaming to Nicki Minaj. \"Come fill my glass up a little more.\""
"omg i didn't get it but my first thought was \"beckett\"?! Love the chest piece hahaha"
"Second movie of the week: This means war."
"im really serious & Selena said no . because yyou have to meet her in real life . she can get in to problems if ii did that."
"Today I learned that motivation can come and increase while doing the task."
"Best text I ever got \"your mad at me for taking a shit!\""
"Thanks for the RT! You going to make it to another tech startups meetup soon?"
"Send me a DM with your Roku serial number and I'll get you the update"
"Haha that's funny:p"
"that's spanish for.... The Nino."
"Good question. Some people believe a list of 25 restricted schools is over the top."
"Laugh now, ima make you cry later."
"I shouldn't have I apologize when I didn't even do anything. I deserve better."
"My mistake. Yes, he sounded like a fool on Mike/Mike. Glad he got his face-to-face with Uthoff, time to move on."
"Uhm you better not be having munchies!"
"We've actually thought of offering a grandparents/grandkids food tour friendly for kids. Great minds think alike. :)"
"Thank's to god i got my break through i woke now let's get it !!!"
"Is GE running an ad for turbines or turbans...maybe I don't know how to pronounce that word. In either case not rushing out to buy one."
"#ThingsWeAllHate A mom bringing her crying baby to the movie theater! SHUT THE FUDGE UP! ... thank you :*"
"girl that show was aggravating! The lakers getting whipped lol"
"The Timbers season is over. But Timbers radio post game show is underway on 101 KXL. Share your memories now at 503-417-9595."
"Need to find TOWIE online asap! Missing my weekly dose of & !"
"Today is the kickoff to a beautiful weekend! ☀"
"Kobe is the best player in the nba i just dont like him and Lebron is a good all around player. He deserves some props. 3 MVPs"
"What a child doesn’t receive he can seldom later give. ~ P.D. James-"
"In all my months of cleaning fish, Chuck -- I'm really shocked I haven't dropped the bowl or killed him."
"no we leave tonight for nc. Never stop moving bro. Gotta grind"
"Bang-Data! #Raza, this is not the Daily Recap. It's one of bands who'll play at César Chávez Festival. April 21. 24thSt. Starting noon"
"NFL football has begun!"
"Heat playoffs game 1 is Saturday at 3:30, fuck everything else at that moment"
"Tony Madruga, Louis Faife, Paquito D'Rivera AND ELLIS MARSALIS last night!!! More today on the National Mall - hope to see you out there!!!"
"I bought some at Uhaul for $2.50 to $3.50 each (I needed specific sizes) then have scavenged the rest."
"What's your dotability?"
"i'll lose to kobe any day of the week. i will never lose to that bitch boy in south beach"
"Model of the Month contest is almost over! Have you voted?"
"yeah man it went off."
"And it's not even Easter."
"hey!(: do you still have my # ?"
"hell yes"
"Roger. Sterling."
"109* high here yesterday and our ac went out! It's pretty steamy in here right now..."
"What are you interested in - a weekend workshop or five night classes? AAL Spring Classes are coming."
"Well said. I agree."
"looking forward to the Letter Carrier Olympics today If only we could do it outside"
"Who are you more of a fan to? RT for Austin Fav for Justin Tweet me something if you just can decide!"
"sometimes i wonder if you're truley my friend..."
"no doubt. I wish lawson would play like this every game damnit!"
"I cannot believe Whitney is dead. This is really sad and upsetting."
"you know you wanna hit that follow button(;"
"there's no need to reminisce bout the past...obviously cuz that SHIT did not last.."
"HappY Birthday! I love u, have a gr8 day :-)"
"Good morning fashion luvers!!!! Lets have a fabulous day"
"It's 11:03pm...keep going!!!! I'm just sayin:)"
"thanks haha. Yes, yes it does. Btw I dreamed the #wolfpack went to Ponderosa last night. #gross!"
"Omfg! I really need to get a new iPod, mine gets stuck all the time, can u believe that it even doesn't have camera!! :("
"Are \"smart movies\" too complex to follow or too boring for people? Sadly... many films with great potential don't do well at the box office."
"You show proof of the mistake. \"It was a mistake, I was wrong.\" But never apologize."
"Congrats on the win!! My Ravens play next week.. lol"
"Just in: Seeking a Controller for a local company. Excellent salary for a hands on individual to lead a growing company. Position may lead …"
"your live tweeting is getting me through my day in Thompson lol."
"Pleasure was mine! Lots to think about."
"because they are meant to be enjoyed while sitting in the grass?"
"AFTERMATH OF SEXUAL ASSAULT – RAPE: GENITAL INJURIES - ..."
"Haha! I don't know what that means, but I'm happy to support you homie. Hope you nail your goals in the race."
"Might be minority on dis,but I love E-Trade baby,Da SOB cracks me up. I wanna do jaeger bomb w/him n talk stocks n bonds."
"i refuse to resort to passive aggressive tweets in this matter... that's as close as i'll get. there, done."
"I am at #SxSW, I'll DM you my whereabouts and we can connect when it is convenient."
"Still in Twitter jail>?"
"If it was an overnight success, it was one long, hard, sleepless night. - Dicky Barrett"
"When evaluated objectively, this reality appears so obvious...."
"What are you doing today for #WorldArthritisDay? We hope visiting u r ; $10 of every massage/facial will be donated 2 AF!"
"feelings hurt ctfu"
"aye I need an appt ASAP"
"Gluten Free Cookies that are chewy and delicious! We'd love to send you some. Lemon Frost, Chocolate Fudge and Snickerdoodle!"
"Atlanta got smashed"
"suddenly we get an email from the halfacre guys about a tour. The timing is suspicious. I think it's all jealousy re: :)"
"after all the korean bbq last night, there was so much pork belly in my own belly. thank god 4 weekly bonus pts. -lisa"
"push through the day! :-)"
"I love hanging with the ISS librarians! Always good to connect with new people and visit with the friends from all over the country."
"Awww man! Which test did you take today? I took English yesterday."
"Decisions decisions.I usually just do what I feel is best in the process of making a decision but I don't keep the result in mind"
"Do the Giants fans out there like the new Nike uniforms?"
"Hungover and in need of some pizza. Stat"
"yeah -go to that twibe website and find a group near you! I am in the Milwaukee Twibe. Didn't find a disability theme though"
"What an HONOR to be presented a Grammy by this trio!"
"Always great to see #35 tobi mom. So strong and smilling again. R.I.p. tobi"
"More than 3000 employees are threatening to strike at several hospitals in the Twin Cities. More info at 5am on"
"i cant wait til next week on the edge of my seat"
"Get a Bucket of 4 PBR Tall Boys for only $10 today at Hi-Hat Garage! 1701 N Arlington Place"
"“We should consider everyday lost in which we don't #dance.”"
"“: About 220 in attendance of this inaugural event. Great turn-out!”"
"Photoshoot pushed back but this week will still be productive"
"only if you lick what winks ;)"
"that's spot on!"
"In the \"Who to follow\" section of Twitter, Taylor Swift came up. I'm proud to say that none of my friends follow her."
"my mama won't let me go to your concert :( she said it's too long of a drive from Mississippi. And we're going to Georgia! :("
"Feeling like a little treat?! Cool down with some iced tea and a cupcake at Cake Fetish!"
"You just took our pock for the #cmlounge event at Bess, thanks!"
"Fine. Leather. Goods."
"Fuck.... now I gotta go on this midnight milk n cookie run thanks to and my overwhelming munchies"
"Back into the woods. Week one of shooting, check!"
"I know me too it is too cute"
"How you guys doing today?"
"Thank you internet...listening to Marla Leigh tracks via Soundcloud while eating breakfast in a garden in Sutter Creek"
"she was bogus as hell for that ..."
"oh my"
"Merci my friend :)"
"I see how it is lol :/"
"Gusty winds will continue for awhile mid-day: valley gusts 25-45mph right now."
"A lot better <3"
"Finally catching up w/ Twitter today (hence the RTs!)"
"RT : Happy birthday to our founder, ! Thanks for all you do for children in the Rochester community!"
"I almost just screamed at a public library when i found out is following me"
"Showing to the press our social media listening command center"
"That FCAT had me sleepy"
"At Bahamas breeze with babe! Getting my grub on!"
"Love you :>"
"Cutie bear finally got an iPhone. 😘"
"condolences on your loss an congrats on celebrating his life!"
"Love You Or Of The Loving Bigger!!!"
"could i get a follow for my birthday?<333"
"HOLLA at a CHAMPION on Wednesday Dec 2 at Karma Lounge, Greenwich Village, NY for the Tastemakers party that night!"
"Never 4get where u came from :)"
"Mark, thanks for the +k on"
"This planning team rocks and you know it! #shiftseries 2012 here we come!"
"Rest in peace grandma Claire, thank you for the wisdom."
"followed :) just follow my new account I'm gonna delete this account :)"
"Many times we pray and get answers but do not recognize the answer because it is not what we are looking for. Love and Light"
"Taco Bell didn't run out of food tonight!"
"There's still an hour and 10 minutes to win 4 museum passes and $50 bucks at Weissbergers!"
"searching thru craigslist and found a RoN Gronkowski jersey. ha"
"My tax rate is almost triple that of Mark Zuckerburg's or Mitt Romney's. I'm also still paying back my college debt. Something is wrong here"
"Greensboro, NC... I'm sure you've been here before... :)"
"A listing for a \"Senior Librarian\" at the National Geographic Society just came across my twitter feed. I may have peed myself."
"Credit the goal to Simon Denis - his first career goal for the Bulldogs."
"Smhh My Baby Class Just Turned Into A Cooking Class:'( Ima Fail!"
"RT \": ain't said shit since he said the heat was straight. Hahahahahahha\""
"cry about it"
"+1 RT : Something about Monday really fires me up. Feels like a new beginning, a chance to build and create. Let's go."
"no. heavens carefree. they play go fish and monopoly."
"there are times I really don't know what to do with myself..."
"Looking for a good downtown Phoenix restaurant that takes reservations and is easily accessible for my Gramma - ideas?"
"Guess I better start packin"
"If you're going to wear socks with sandals, your socks should probably be clean."
"We had a HUGE argument last week. Then I get a text saying 'hey'. smh"
"No alarm clock. First time in 7 days. Sleeping in."
"I've got 2 hours before my health insurance runs out. I need to make some bad decisions very quickly"
"thanks for following, then unfollowing. ha."
"What do you mean, suntan lotion? Spring Break smells like floor polish! (Please bear with us this week as the SLab gets a beauty treatment.)"
"got some hot digits..."
"iCloud explained: Things to consider before embracing the cloud"
"Off to Mee-San Thai Eatery for lunch- so ready for delicious Thai food. Fingers crossed- please be yummy!"
"Cheers! May Dynamo continue to serve your beer drinking needs. RT tried Dynamo tonight great beer"
"Perfect day."
"Found out my tweets weren't going through... So I will update you on what went on at the homeless shelter... Continued next tweet"
"pick your poison at LAX tonight. Counter to the shuttle driver. Terrible w/ a capital T. Lost all future business for a mere $20"
"No way. Is that already a real biz?"
"didn't think so"
"Flip-flopping? How about the Mets record vs. the Yankees this season. Who would have predicted this?!"
"sure what is it"
"<< No dirt.... all angels and amens!"
"Anything on the healthier side we can recommend to our members?"
"I think \"Did you just not floss, did they come out all at once, was it gradual...\" but I nvr ask those questions. We just talk abt politics."
"I'm so down with doing it tomorrow afternoon. What works best for you??"
"awe that still sucks!"
"RT : Children in adult prisons are 8 times more likely to commit suicide. #JLWOP is cruel!"
"Speaking of holidays: Is your home/business ready? B4 the decorations go up - give us a call: 210-403-3232. Painting Remodeling"
"Celebrating a lot at tonight. got a haircut, I got an iPhone and got a baby"
"so sorry, hope you feel better, soon!"
"I can't take this any longer.."
"hahahahah ur tweets are the best ."
"Both the #kiddori iOS version and Windows Phone version will be see an update in the coming days. Don't forget to download."
"so should have called in this week crazy cust and today back to back ugh."
"What to do at 1am? :/"
"Stop lying to people and date him already. It would prove two major things: 1) He's not gay. 2) You're not an idiot"
"#songofthemoment Heal My Scars - The Ludovico Technique"
"stop by the Size Matters panel at #MFEConference to hear Michael Ytterberg, Principal, BLTa, talk about apartments of the future"
"Can't wait to see you guys in real life! Yay!"
"There are those who know how to treat God's people. Everyone is special in God's eyes. God is sick of elitism in His house."
"Did he kill the wife while pregnant?"
"Ha yes that was us!"
"Y'all in love with the Raven Symone that was on the Cosby's."
"then hes gonna need to get like 10assts a game. we cant have a huge dropoff in team offense while lawson rests"
"RT : Knicks forward Amar'e Stoudemire cut his hand after punching hard surface in lockeroom, sources tell"
"Huge win for Nico!"
"Turn your life into a work of art over the course of 1 day. Call for participation: MariaScileppi.com"
"Bank of North Carolina Signs Purchase and Assumption Agreement With Hampton Roads Bankshares"
"Some great iron containing foods! Dried fruits, dried beans, eggs (esp. yolks), red meat, salmon, tuna, poultry (dark meat), whole grains!"
"hey Cleo girl"
"Already on it! I start PT tomorrow ;)"
"Is there anything worse than Mondays? Well let us help you get through this one, the best cure for the Mondays is a first rate"
"\"girl I be eating ramen with my Marc Jacobs bag\" - hot mess Mariah"
"I went to last year to see 's graduation and it was special"
"for the last 10min I'v been destroying you! You quit yet?"
"Naps are good"
"Tough day today and off to PDX for Oregon Wine Awards"
"Loved the spots! Super fun! Even my husband loved them!"
"the masses well the masses are conprised of billions of single human lives. When are we as a species going to start looking after our own."
"You know you're at a fancy restaurant when they have voss on the menu for $7"
"Have you placed an order with us recently? Let us know how we did! We love getting your feedback!"
"I have a question, can you answer it? Are you ready to rock?"
"One more thing, check out www.vinoverite.com for more information about their #amazing #wine !"
"Had any one heard any thing on drew"
"WordPress is also free, SquareSpace has a monthly fee ($12 personal/$36 business). Wonder how much they differ otherwise."
"The Quiet People Be The MAIN One You Never Expect It Then Its Like BOOM.!"
"end of act 3 pissed me off... Why you up so late... Or is it early there?"
"Really enjoy you color posts as I research the history of painting and pigments...I may have questions."
"Did you know a Monitronics monitored security system could save you 20% off your homeowners insurance? Ask your agent if you qualify."
"morning boyfriend <3 have a fabulous day :* I love you :)"
"It was great getting the chance to work with you. I hope to get another chance to do so in the future."
"Eating popcorn getting ready to watch the first season of The Boondocks"
"good one!"
"FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK!!!"
"tonight! So excited!"
"“: Trying to decide if imma go to Brew City or not #hm”"
"its my mom's, I've been trying to snag it from her for the longest"
"another weekend going by; story of my life."
"Nearby. For a wedding. :)"
"Shopping 101. Keep your eye on your cart or you will get cart-jacked. I'm a victim."
"My plan exactly #ladiesnight!! This night was made for you guys."
"Research is to see what everybody else has seen and to think what nobody else has thought. ~Albert Szent-Györgyi"
"Sad, but true. RT Ever notice that executives are 100% scheduled and that innovation needs unstructured time? A bit of a conflict."
"Johnny Bananas & Camilla hasn't tweeted nothing yet? Wonder if it's a sign? WONDER"
"I am QUITE jealous!!!!"
"Titanic comes on during previews and Nick goes Spoiler Alert: She let's go. Jerk haha"
"WE CROSS IT OUT AND STAY AWAYAY"
"According to John Grunsfeld, research satellites orbiting earth have revolutionized our understanding of weather and climate."
"Molly is making her very first post to twitter...I know that you are all excited to hear from her! :)"
"Why would anyone want to format tables in MS Word?!"
"Keep my thoughts pure and honoring to you God."
"Happy birthday Praise! luv u"
"RT :Interesting:TNT gets Derrick Rose & CSN gets John Salmons 4 on crt,post-game interviews.IMO,Salmons(35 pts)is the interview 2 get"
"Tennessee, Georgia, Florida, South Carolina, Kentucky peeps: I can get you a good deal on a new wireless security system. Message me!"
"Missing Lisa Loeb at ALA but getting a well needed move on to the airport. Haven't seen my babe in a week!! Now Dallas traffic..."
"listen to u"
"Yeah, i'm a bit of a diva. I expect BIG!"
"That goal came seconds after Oakland had a breakaway chance of their own."
"Happy Friday! \"Anything is possible. Anything can be.\" ~ Shel Silverstein"
"LCC softball hosts SW Oregon at Tamo at 2 p.m. Friday. Pregame ceremony to honor longtime LCC coach Tim Mackin and his 10 championships"
"I'll run naked through the streets if The Blake Show makes the Finals"
"We had 5 out of our 22"
"Almost like a big fluffy cloud."
"In my gym class I would rather run all by myself! 😒"
"It's all going to be new this summer...moved into mom's house and left my 20+ yrs of perennials behind."
"None whatsoever. I just love it that much."
"“: I love being a #Leo... You never know what to expect out of us. We're full of surprises.” #TeamLeo 👍"
"i dont think its jenna, but she probably know who -A is...... i think its melissa"
"My copy of THE RECIPE PROJECT just arrive, courtesy of Looking forward to cooking & listening simultaneously!"
"dont forget its a million other people with the same dream as you"
"Don't act like its you against the world if its really just you against yourself."
"HEY ADAM!!! WHAT'S UP?"
"Didn't hear anything about a callback on that Home Depot audition...oh well, on to the next one."
"LOOKING FOR MY MYSPACE WIFE !"
"wow... Just wow. Save us a piece!"
"Had a great time playing paintball with and on Monday! Thanks guys!"
"Hope to see everyone from & at the Arab American National Museum tomorrow night night Detroit #11!"
"Love that the 'Nats renamed the Philly Cheesesteak sandwich the Natitude Steal Sandwich ... Also Bryce Harper is gonna be a stud"
"lol that's a good one too"
"LOL! \": Judges. RT Today tell us the best bar to take your girl for a nice night out. Ladies participate too!\""
"\": Your born to live the life you deserve, to express yourself, to be only one person and one person only. And that is, you.\""
"It's like this institution as well as many others seek aggrandizement over equality, justice & liberty."
"i need some beats"
"Everyone saying I wanna thank God, and all I hear is \"AND JESUS\""
"The green chili is done. Not too bad, but still very hot. I have to adjust the recipe some more to tone down the heat a little bit."
"Unbelievable, at 8:09 the 8:14 train was taking no more bikes out of 4th & King. this means more #bike cars!!!"
"I think. It where one guy drops one of the heat players, acts like he's gonna help him up but then just walks away"
"Still have about 10 more presale tickets left for our gig on Friday. It's just 2 days away! Tweet me if you want a $5 presale ticket."
"Great show scheduled tonight Talent from NY hosting! Showtime 10pm, get there early! lol"
"come up here please and come see me"
"Studying sucks."
"Congrats to the front desk staff for their big win in the pumpkin carving contest! Thank you to all the guests who voted!"
"If you say that #Lebron sucks then you clearly dont know a thing about basketball #LBJ 37points. Clutch in the 4th quarter"
"Love the new #ExactTarget Careers page on FB---check it, and our job openings out!"
"#ffcs is off the chain #atl at encore"
"Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. -Reggie Leach"
"I wonder if people in Arizona are ever like: \"Well, I'm nauseous, but it's a DRY heave, you know.\""
"You probably wont see this but if you do I just want to say you are my inspiration! #0days #BOYFRIENDvideo leggo! <33 love you"
"my sax is a selmar Liberty series"
"It's gonna be bananas"
"Homework Sucks! Dx"
"well Faith, its a party that 10 beautiful girls throw to launch our homies denim line! & bc we can! RT what is #WASTEDattire ?"
"How accurate is google translate? May b a silly ques but I need to use it and i'm worried LOL"
"Just listened to the portfolio podcasts! My 1st step will be to print and file my coursework all in one place. :)"
"For some reason it feels so kewl tlking to u lmao"
"Music Is my life."
"Today we are at the Milwaukee County Courthouse for Food Truck Thursday, come find Milwaukee's favorite gyros on the corner of 9th and Wells"
"Absolutely no idea. Will do some checking."
"I won't give up on us even if the skies get rough. I'm giving you all my love <3; #I love you alwyas & Forever..."
"And the worse part of my school life begins today....SOL Testing. -___-\""
"no we just haven't talked or seen each other"
"Smelly people in elevators suck"
"Finally a break for one of the sports teams here in #Wisconsin.. #Brewer Ryan #Braun exonerated! Complete coverage tomorrow morning on"
"Thanks for thinking of us! Unfortunately it doesn't look like any of us are free on Saturday."
"Have a great weekend TEFLers! See you next Friday!"
"Bed bed bed bed bed bed bed"
"_kid best mentors ever"
"doing some bari sax tracks and enjoying my poor man's in-ear monitors"
"dude have you read house of leaves? very good."
"haha yeah I love Betty white."
"I'm so unworthy and undeserving of your love. Thank you."
"The Ride with Lance Sweeps ends TOMORROW! Enter TODAY at www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance!"
"Hey don't forget that if you refer someone else to catering we will give you $50 gift card. How about downtown? :)"
"like a man dick?"
"Brain Floss: In Vermont, it is technically illegal for women to wear false teeth without the written permission of their husband!"
"It gets more far fetched as the series progresses, almost to the point of ridiculous. I liked Jack :)"
"Passed the test now ready to get stoned"
"The humble suffer when the mighty disagree."
"Seeking to advance my career and willing to relocate."
"it's called diptic! It's a sweet app :)"
"Blastoff starts this week Thursday. A free way to save and make a little $ with online shopping. Http://my.blastoffnetwork.com/chadb"
"brianna got a sexyy personality n her talk just drive me crazii"
"The big news of the day isn't that Santorum dropped out of the race, it's that Gingrich is still in it. Who knew?"
"I'm just a little ray of sunshine. RT That tweet has already ruined my weekend."
"I need to learn how to text with out looking at my phone."
"I love having Megatron and McCoy"
"Great 1st quarter!"
"aha keagan is mad cause I made him go check on the pizza"
"OMG! Wouldn't have a life! Twitter owns TweetDeck now, so it's improving. Very useful when set up right. Love the \"timer\" feature!"
"What a beautiful night with people people fun people... :)"
"had to tweet that out as SB. Wouldn't wanna short change any of the Santa fans ...."
"Does anyone else think Aerosmith is the biggest joke of a band? They would be playing no name towns if it weren't for run dmc."
"point of personal privilege."
"had a good day thanks to you. Your the best baby. I❤👇"
"I cant trust my own sister -_-"
"gosh, dont come near me then :) Must be Falls flu"
"that looks tempting. Too bad I can't Sunday Funday."
"U all should really be following today. SMASHING 2 world records, raising awareness & doing the unthinkable. FOLLOW!"
"good afternoon i just got home"
"\"Emotobooks\" are NOT comics. They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for"
"Instructional design is not necessarily dying in the mobil learning world. Instead it's evolving. HTML5!"
"me too. me too."
"She has the most expressive face. And Meredith is not all botoxed out in season 3."
"actually we will see next round when they get put out"
"legendary karaoke freestyling"
"lol don't worry about it"
"I did...Is something supposed to happen haha"
"I wish I had a kitten, but I'm allergic :("
"Cuomo: Minimum Wage Hike This Year &quot;In Order&quot; | New York Daily ..."
"Here here. Will be missed. Good chill dude... : Running 's final Yahoo Sports Minute at 5:30 AM ET. Good people."
"Oh yeah, don't I look awesome tossing back shots... Of Pepto? -________- Going on 14 hours now with this wicked heartburn."
"Headed to belle glade"
"Question: Do people who were into Game of Thrones (the books) - b4 it was HBO cool - resent those of us who jumped on the bandwagon?"
". we've come a long way in 40 years."
"The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination!!!"
"Only $5 Billion Warren??? Pocket change I'm sure..."
"So do i! I remember half the battle between my friends and I, was making a creative name."
"I am really scared to see what my cats have done to show their resentment for me being gone for 6 days. I hope it can be cleaned."
"Only rachael and I would be this spontaneous to due my hair at 4 in the morning. #goodbyeblondie :("
"Meryl Streep was def stunning in her younger years but still seems to be amazing at what she does! Love her."
"I concur. Think of all the extra cargo room."
"#HappyMothersDay to all the Mothers out there!"
"Break sharing: What is one thing you’ve learned at #CLBRT2012?"
"Good morning. Cheers to a summer like day! *tink"
"If tweeted me \"I love you\" my day would be made. Kthanksbye."
"Beautiful....on so many levels!"
"I'd like to be everything you wannttt❤"
"Why is some creepy steelers fan stalking me on twitter? Apparently, insulting a complete stranger is a good time. Oy."
"Michael Fassbender appreciation week continues with Shame, tomorrow at NYFF."
"hey, Rock Center on NBC tonight has segment re #concussions in female soccer players."
"Changing my AI10 vote to Casey Abrams, because the kid is all kinds of talented. And because Jordan Dorsey is a kind of jerk."
"MY SCHOOL SUCKS ass.Srry had to get that off my chest"
"true...but I still don't trust him as a qb"
"Matt Broz and John Burdin made my morning with their LIKEs! Thanks gentlemen! :-)"
"I think I am done with all yoga videos. May just do some poses on my own to stretch"
"RT : Beware of TV. It has the power to turn things like storage, parking and cupcakes into wars."
"Do you know where Jr going in life? If u don't have a plan. You plan 2 fail! Wat is ur plan?"
"No prob - let me know if there are any more questions. It helps me stay current with the whole init process."
"I was kind of excited for the #Royals today until I saw that it's Verlander day. Total downer."
"just realized that im a horrible texter. I kno sum of my followers b lookin like wtf when they c me tweetin but i aint respond to their text"
"Thank you to and for stopping in this past weekend to enjoy the spoils of the sushi bar!"
"So excited to give his Christmas gifts! Only a few more days :)"
"Arrg :( Where you wearing something you shouldn't of?"
"im bored!"
"Thanks for stopping by!"
"At the Tribes game!"
"#SongsPlayedDuringSex I love college"
"will do thx"
": it's 8:46 pm... D6 was suppose to be in DuPont at 8:11.. WTF???? Dumbasses! Idiots!!! Every day the same thing!"
"You can't be serious! #redwings #NHL. Every hockey fan in #Detroit just threw up in their mouth a little bit..."
"Shut up!"
"In the mood for ramen and i have none v.v"
"got a call this morning at 5AM from Syria or at least that is what the 963 country code was. Would not have answered regardless of the time."
"1 More Day Of Hell."
"that's funny cause Grandpa wasn't blood. Very cool guy though."
"we're honored and humbled by your follow. Hope you r well!"
"* mass producing tutus*"
"According to radar, brunt of storm appears to be passing south of Churchill Downs. There is lightning that's struck nearby a couple of times"
"The speech will be webcast? I love rachel maddow!"
"If a company only views CF as a metric and not a vision - they're success will suffer..."
"Romney is dead right now, no matter what happens in FL. Pathetic speech Sat night. Did he sleep through 2008?"
"like ambient noise to fall asleep to! Waves and wind and whales and whatnot haha. Its daytime where you're at huh?"
"Stay outta son way like u drinkin blood"
"Writing trivia questions with for tomorrows"
"To be honest before I graduate high school I need to get with a fine black girl, I need a little chocolate in my life..."
"thanks for being such a great fan! Check out a soundbite of \"Down\" at www.kellieluvella.com tell your friends Cecilia!"
"I was just thinking about re-reading that. I know it will have profound affect on my this time around too. Thx"
"Thinking about the joyful life of Steve Jobs. Our American Technology Maestro"
"Kentucky basketball fans are annoying #GoDores!"
"Fuck the mile and 2 mile though, this year was not my year for them :/"
"Thank You Rebel E Publishers for the email your very welcome and thank you"
"While you're at Gibson Lib tomorrow, check out the Friends of Henderson Libraries Used Book Sale. Deals galore & you'll help your library!"
"especially now that Dunkin Donuts is claiming to have \"artisan bagels.\""
"stormy day here. powers been knocked out twice. will b a long day."
"really you don't follow anyone ? Hmm"
"show me where the ball was ripped from the kid's hands and then I may change my tune."
"I'm going to apologize to all my followers for this charter school rant today. I'm just tired of seeing misinformation about this topic."
"I guess Jennings hasn't watched a lot of Warriors games these last few years..."
"Had all of my clothes for the shoot yesterday in a trash bag...left it by the door after and my mom threw it away this morning..."
"Daily GTKY question presents the conclusion of guilty pleasure week. What is your guilty pleasure?"
"i'm hearing it too around 70th and SE Foster. It's very low and boomy."
"says if a person lives independently & deletes his twiter acount wont get any info. After a week hell b like \"wats a microwave?\""
"More nice summer weather...however the lawns are taking some serious heat stress right now. Japanese beetles are also showing up..."
"here is something offensive \"Baserunners just clog up the bases.\"-Dusty Baker"
"oh ok...i understand"
"I'd say I'd save you one but I fear I might eat it instead :x see you soon :)"
"followed :D"
"Bosh ugly as shit"
":) yay. Ladies night!"
"Lol. RT : “: I thrive on awkward moments...” well you had a lot of those with"
"Wanna talk to someone new. Any takers?"
"Work till 3."
"Still can't believe what #oomf told me! 😱"
": hoping you're doing ok after your harrowing day."
"Rigth; yesterday we could not look any further to Randi, , generators w're offline. This night will see the prog."
"Made me think about the way things are Made me think about the way they could be"
"if lamar wins where do we at next week"
"thanks girl! Time flies! We must be having fun :)"
"We #Appreciate the #FOLLOWs CHEERs"
"HAH I noticed that this morning too. \"Where's my buy stock at $0 button\" I thought."
"Ehhhh I cant find a picture of Lou todayy D:"
"yeah its like watchin a good boxing match."
"you are so right ken!!!"
"No other NSP inventory in Rio Rancho with my client, Yes Housing, at the moment. Check Omni - they may!"
"Ladies act your age , not your TRACK Length"
". Wow Really ? Sounds like pain to me."
"good one Paul ;)"
"ham radios"
"You should teach me some hood haha!"
"I got, like, eight free CD's thanks to #RecordStoreDay. I'm listening to one right now, and it's pretty great."
"nice come back in lastnights race!"
"- thanks for following and welcome to my tweetdom!"
"JCSU knocks out WSSU 75-70 and will Advance to the next Round to play Chowan"
"Always great to hear! You have a part in our friendliness as well :)"
"Oh I forgot that was on. Love"
"true...experience... well, plus biology and social environment...which includes social media now."
"RT“: I bet I know one way to reduce bullying. Don't let bullies decide when other people can marry or serve their country.”"
"update: waiting on just"
"We met so many people preview event on Saturday who were pumped about us coming to Mechanicsville!Thanks for all the support!"
"Can't wait to see and Sara kill it in their Senior Recital. Make it count ladies!"
"Do you ever forget what some of your pet peeves are when they haven't come up in a while? I can't be the only one!"
"stfu & text me then, im lonely"
"No one types in urls anymore, they do searches, is your site Search Engine Optimized?"
"Well my house smells like a brewery, beer reductions on the stove and spent grain in the oven."
"PLEASE FOLLOW ME!"
"clothing line? i took 3 years of graphic design"
"Think I might OD tonight. Love some of you guys. Remember me, a worthless human being."
"I need to eat something besides cereal in the damn morning 🍳🍞🍎"
"Great! How soon will Vivint customers in Hawaii be able to live w/the peace of mind that comes w/in house #tsunami warnings?"
"Jamming out to accident waiting to happen bringing back that monetary walk"
"I believe in #fortunecookies! It's true. (cc: )"
"Blue Moon Soup & Tattered Roots tonight at ! Come get down!"
"Shut up They're lucky they got that rebound."
"me too. And 24 in two days 😊"
"Anyone can have a waffle once in a while, but it takes a real hero to ONLY EAT WAFFLES! (jk - please don’t eat only waffles)"
"Time for the bikinis!!"
"The KFC Yum! Center? Really? Please tell me is just playing an elaborate joke for an article."
"Morning! Twitter twitted out :("
"#WordPress #Tools Blog by Mail with Categories – Changes the “Blog by Mail” feature in WordPress so you can also set the category."
"GWG! Way to go Derrick."
"I have no clue how to use this new Facebook..."
"why does everything have to be so fucking complicated"
"Optimistic? Yes, we can always hope for a WC2010 like performance from them though."
"Great seats! Enjoy the game! Look forward to tweeting this season!"
"and everyone is entitled to their own opinion"
"Gonna take my Jets shirts to Goodwill,"
"Christian school invite track meet im excited!"
"they're cute, but I really want a shiba. just have to find one that won't scare the rest of the menagerie."
"will sneeze."
"yay, the blackhawks won! now the entire city can stop pretending they know that hockey's a professional sport!"
"Ppl always gotta hate what they don't understand"
"Watching the voice finale ahh it's amazing"
"Drawer Flat | Office Furniture"
"Thanks guys! Website seems like you never have open dates in May. Blah… we really want to celebrate there :-)"
"OMG! Loving \"Clean Freaks\" on ! Super cool ideas."
"Switzerland is real beautiful. I think I could make a go of it here, forcing people to speak English to me."
"on the bus with jadie! :)"
"Quite surprised by My Week With Marilyn and quite touched by Albert Nobbs."
"Bored someone hit me up lets do something"
"You are welcome! I hope I have enough cash to go on a nice shopping spree!"
"LeoDiCaprio in the house."
"Man that dream was about to get good.... Think God had that stuff fall on me on purpose. lmbo"
"3 days (a daily ritual) #JanesAddiction you seduce me like a vampire w/your playing-suck me in and leave me wanting more!"
"RT Word up \": When you first joined Twitter you never thought this shit would be this addictive.\""
"This week Elvis Shirley will be guest spotting here! Come by and get a tattoo from him!"
"Yeah but you live on the beach, you get to practice whenever you want. cc/"
"Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down. That's like stabbing someone then wondering why they're bleeding."
"Basketball wives"
"We may disagree on some issues, but you have a way of effectively getting the message across. Current made a mistake."
"Eating pudding *pudding face*"
"with a top ten finish! #illtakeit #goodjob!"
"I went there last year, walked all over: no go. They aren't on Ben&Jerry's interactive map as participators, either."
"Big shout out to our new followers!"
"Bon jovi sipping his morning coffee as he warms up for his NBC today show performance! Windy on Rockefeller plaza"
"Why am I not shocked? ;) #shark RT I play the role of the guy who tells everyone their ideas can't work. Play it well."
"hey get at me for handcrafted scissors for real pros the real deal not Chinese schlock peace"
"Happy Valentine's Day! xoxo <3"
"Bein in a relationship isnt about the kissing or the dates. Its about bein with that person that makes you happy in a way no one else can.♥"
"plum upside down cake rocked our Seder and my gluten-free vegan world, equally"
"wish you were here in spokane!"
"Hope you had a good Tuesday."
"Today's magic words are Bellyaching and Zungguzungguguzungguzeng"
"3 days and counting... playlist should have a heavy dose of"
"This girl sucks at drying hair man..."
"Did we do something worng?"
"I'm in DC :-) what you up2RT : sis what is happening."
"That and the fact that Durham is already a startup hub. :)"
"I haven't watched it yet! I haven't watched like half the season :/"
"#sweetheart! Hmm yeah I think I've heard of him :-)"
"Intstng GM was bailed out by \"we the people\" & they pull $10M of advtsng in dramatic fashion days before FB IPO?"
"what's good!"
"I noticed. VT is a cool state."
"When you think that little black dress I hope you think of me<3"
"Go Louisville Cardinal Birds!"
"Thanks for the mention!"
"i just forwarded you the dj pack for my hip-hop recording artist precise single \"it's on me\" dirty version/instrumental/acapella"
"I DJ'd a Celebrity Females Surprise BDAY Party last nite and from that 1 Party i have already got 3 calls for Party Bookings - Thank You God"
"had a great time at #uxcampdc on Saturday - great chatting with other #ux enthusiasts and sharing the magic of axure! cc:"
"Last Rams game of the 2011 season."
"Signed, sealed, and delivered. Everyday hustling in #BloomingdaleDC!"
"\"Bitch, you know you're a robot!\""
"Enhanced newspaper web presence will mean more local news, more connections to readers, more fun stuff.. J. Barron"
"greed. they're the same people who write virus protection software."
"Not sure why I did this, but stayed up until 2:30a writing and then got up at 5:30a. I see much #coffee in my future."
"Someone just described a scent as \"Pachuli-like\" as though I should know what that means. You're strange, #Riverwest, and I love you..."
"Shooting in a pumkin patch...love making memories with"
"lol it's actually a song 😁"
"That's it ...done 4 2day ....good night everyone ...."
"HAHAH all I can say is, belle must have magical powers. Did he get her hogwarts letter yet?"
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere."
"I love spreading time with"
"I can give you +100 followers ( must be following )"
"When boys try to talk to me and they dont drive a truck >>>"
"Kick back at my house. Msg for detes"
"Obama: We've gotta fight for every person who woke us up to the reality of AIDS."
"yeah it's Maria, but they call me mary:)"
"Sorry. Still freaked out. ;)"
"Still trying to open BORDERLINE this Friday. Lot's of ice to get through in tech week."
"still love you..."
"i love zone it always works in nba 2k11 lol"
"it appears that he is trying!!! He has up hill battle ahead!!!"
"The Pirates are in first place! The Pirates are in first place!...for a day at least."
"did they thang 2nite! had me throwing my hands n tha air... My feet hurt 4 real"
"will be out tonight. Hope you are still in town."
"add me niggyss"
"I do me y'all don't do shit"
"Delivered dumpsters to Macys in The Woodlands & to a house remodel in Memorial Next stop: a dumpster to an Aggie landscaper in Spring Branch"
"Cheers to the freakin weekend."
"Trend today gone tomorrow"
"Word Nerd Factoid: \"Regicide\" refers to the killing of a king or queen."
"No it don't it suppose to be 80/20 lol"
"If my life was a dollar, you better believe I'll let you be a quarter in it."
"First Follower Woo!"
"Psssst....don't look now, but we're putting the finishing touches on memberships and subscriptions. Drop us a line if you want to try 'em."
"Have a great time! Thanks again for allowing ShowClix to be apart of such a wonderful event!!"
"“: Best mistake of my life.”"
"Good luck! What campus are you at?"
"RT When you practice philanthropy, you can educate people, encouraging them to be independent, more aware, & more creative."
"Pro-love is your #rapture out of a world of hate."
"Come back!"
"Too late... We're at home watching Sounders Vs Dynamo..."
"In related news, I have never been to a concert by myself. Dance party of one."
"That's great! Support your lil nephew. :-)"
"Look at netbooks on amazon."
"u welcome"
"yea i'm ok... i thoguht i felt it a little but at the time i thought i was imagining things. wasn't too shaky."
"''contraception causes unwanted pregnancies just the same way fire extinguishers cause fires.'' Stephen Colbert"
"is that your voice I hear in the 1990 oilers/bruins cup final!?"
"Just like old times."
"so you might say I'm more than just a hat rack?"
"Madison had his hands inside his shirt throughout the whole interview lol"
"Females lie more they just li better and know how to make tears appear."
"I do love your crepes! I miss not being able to have a crepe on my lunch break."
"That would be so awesome to have both, then this would be a city fulfilled with sports.. We do support our teams well>>"
"it's annoying to find out a tool doesn't work the same way as it had"
"Emergency Preparedness PSA: Keep your valuable paper things well protected. Had a minor waterfall in our closet just now."
"LMAO. seeing my sisters wake up late and having to rush to make it to the bus stop was so funny lol I remember those days"
"Pls get behind this he will change lives: RT : petition is @ www.jamiesfoodrevolution.com we need 1m in 6 weeks pls retweet"
"I would like a lightning cuddle buddy. Cuz I scared."
"miss you to! and thanks for the RT =)"
"So, do the Knicks bounce back and win tonight? Or get drilled again by the Heat?"
"true, but believe! Lol"
"FOR INFO FOR #BODIROCK #THURSDAYS AT CLUB #BODI FOLLOW"
"see u in an hour and a half. Try to get some sleep!"
"Chris Mathews comes in 3rd on Jeopardy... m"
"hahaha no its not! what part?!"
"More surprising: #Discover integration into #PunkinChunkin or 2 hrs l8r I'm still watching #PunkinChunkin?"
"We're shitting bricks... I need a tissue. I'm crying too 4awg!"
"Hm...I think its CLEAR the #RHOA do NOT like each other"
"whether or not I could fit my fatass into a pair of old jeans, haha! They fit!"
"#WeWontWork if you act like a woman. Your a man. Act like a fucking man. I know I do. Sheesh!"
"followed her(:"
"Birdman ft. Lil Wayne- I Want It All"
"#Fletcher: \"America's Finest City\" worked but time for change to \"World's Most Innovative City\" & back it up..."
"I'm fashionably late. Like a boss."
"no. No since January. Moved to Chicago and have a new job. Enjoy your visit. :-)"
"you ready for the Ravens Sunday? We haven't forgot you hold the receiving yards record in Baltimore."
"Thinkin of a Master Plan, bout to make serious money this year!"
"You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth"
"So.. I'm not at all surprised that the Mariners don't want another pro team moving in next door."
"Rain rain...go away!"
"Jessica Simpson named her DAUGHTER Max Johnson. As in a girl with a male porn star name. You can't make this kind of stupidity up."
"we #adore both you two #wonderful young ladies! #cantwait to shoot RT : love ya too mama! Muah!"
"Home care does away with the #trauma of having to shift, and become accustomed to a new and alien environment"
"#thingsidontunderstand when people make plans right in front of you and don't invite you."
"It's amazing the resistance he's gotten from his bosses over this for literally his entire radio career. Agony."
"Orton's moves look like a Pop Warner lineman getting his first carry!"
"hi bella :) its my 16th birthday today... and I was wondering if maybe... u could notice me... :)"
"I have used peroxide & baking soda my whole life to keep my teeth white with NO problems. Very very safe and cost effective!"
"Good GRIEF! Its 7:30 PM already. Where did today go???"
"\": Damn you ppl have thin skin!!! Please STOP following me, I'm NOT following you!\"Amen Kyle! They need to get out the kitchen!!!!"
"Obvi. You didn't have to tell me that. RT My grandmama is a gangsta!"
"I was fixing your grammar. But use a back-scratcher."
"Happy Birthday Steve Jobs"
"Relationships start out face to face, and end back to back"
"Way to go Train! Congrats!"
"Garrison At #packers: keys to success: leverage the DB, segment for multiple goals in ea. send, cust. lifecycle guides emails."
"every breath I take it brings me to tears"
"I was just outside for approximately 3 minutes and got 12 mosquito bites."
"Hm, it kind of alarms me that ethics aren't inherently incorporated into ALL MBA courses to address repercussions of decisionmaking"
"Currently sipping a latte at Time and Play while the 3-yr-old flies around on a bike indoors."
"INTERViEW FiNGERS CROSSED"
"thxs for the follow! Keep grinding!"
"Asking is the beginning of receiving. Make sure you don't go to the ocean with a teaspoon. At least take a bucket so the kids won't laugh\"JR"
"I think you better call Tyrone! 🎵"
"Hey - Its time for #recycle bins in your lobby."
"i am feeling positive."
"The #KNICKS defense is atrocious...all these lazy motherfuckers piss me the fuck off. Get rid of this bum Dantoni already."
"love the municipal boundries on google maps. cities annex sprawl even though tax revenue is lower and costs higher than denser development."
"Tonights party spots - Agency, Rendezvous, and Sayers Club. Hit me to RSVP or if you need a table."
"So sleepy"
"#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you ever go back to black hair??"
"Watching SNL with Will Ferrell as host. I'm more excited than at the gym."
"FBCD promo starts today!!! Lots of eyes on this sub penny stock. Last promo ran FBCD to .11 within a few days. Don't get caught chasing!!!"
"I'm off of hwy 50 just east of I-94. I'm by Verlo. Are you going to drop by?"
"What fun! We used to do one as a thank you to the teens who volunteered w/ events, classes & games all night."
"Would be nice if the AT&T hotspot would actually work this afternoon...you know, when I need it...on the metra. SMH."
"it says 15\" diameter... sounds small.."
"now following my future son-n-law!!!"
"Burning the later-than-midnight oil with some classic jams, I see. :)"
"Thanks Sarah! I plan many visits to Folger...let's get together!"
"Mumford and Sons on the lawn by Bass"
"Proudly wearing #Steelers gear today just like any other day. Being a #Steelers fan is not a mood it is an identity. #SteelerNation 4ever"
"Count Benjamin Thompson Rumford~ Nothing surely is so disgraceful to society and to individuals as unmeaning wastefulness."
"Just got back from the theaters. Saw Titanic, didn't cry."
"#FirstDateRules don't ask job interview style questions. If I hear. \"Where do you see yourself in 5 yrs\" I'll walk out. done it before."
"#ATX's art scene is bursting at the seams tonight. Events at , , , and !"
"Working on scripting out \"The Old Man's Picks\" for the upcoming NFL season. This year the picks will be filmed, should be fun!"
"Yeah move on.. It's written all over your face!!"
"Already have a little gig lined up for next Sunday in Santa Monica...my first weekend in LA!"
"glad you liked it! It is an install of all new ceramic and paper works by Arlene."
"very cute"
"My 15 month old son is such a good reminder of how important attitude it."
"Why do so few men end up in Heaven?They never stop to ask directions."
"i have no idea yet, I wanna have a smoove day today. Let's see who try and fuck dis up..."
"i know lol"
"sorry I resigned, may have been an accident"
"The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do"
"great to c her on the #msm. Timing could not b better. She's out on a mission."
"was looking AMAZING!!! as always!"
"I think you should start using a Kanban board for your coffee drinking."
"I need help"
"Don’t judge my choices if you don’t understand my reasons."
"I get up early to try to get a ticket or 2 for the homerun derby, and of course my luck they were gone by the time I got to the order screen"
"hungry though"
"Can you believe that it took Harry Potter 7 long books to catch the bad guy,it only takes Scooby Doo & Shaggy 25 minutes, Harry,get a dog!"
"I just find a lot of FP tutorials lacking a problem being solved, see our monad discussion many months ago"
"\"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.\" -- Dr. Seuss (via Elena)"
"Disney CEO’s Franchise Film Push Takes Toll as Ross Exits"
"Why do I keep getting (not responding) on my outlook and internet!!!!?"
"“: season finale of big bang.... womp womp wommmmmmp :(” I thought it was next Thursday ??"
"They make a fabulous latte!: One of the best cups of coffee in town!! Check out Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!!"
"Live christian rappers lol fun fun day"
"I went out and bought some d-con for my mouse on my computer. I poured it on and it still hasnt died!"
"I stand corrected."
"post the link when you find it! RT : Now I need to find the mustard gate video."
"I'M BORED. ENTERTAIN ME."
"RHP Brian Sanches had his contract selected from Lehigh Valley. He fills the roster spot of RHP David Herndon. Todd Zolecki ()"
"Made Brownies from scratch for the first time! It worked!"
"thx! \": For all my girls #WomenWineWednesday \""
"Email us at to jump on this huge profit streak!"
"took you long enough ;-)"
"\"Your library should be as important in your community as the police and fire dept.\" via"
": Great meeting you!"
"Congratulations! RT Just got a phone call from VA Living Magazine - we were voted one of the best pet boutiques in Eastern VA"
"GREAT to get an instal photo from a happy client, means everything arrived *fine*, everyone is *happy*—two huge key components to success!"
"John, what is your goal for the new season?"
"A laugh! And yet, I fear you must wait till circumstances arise that will sanction a closer intimacy."
"must have been a good night!"
"Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah"
"Spring students: What advice do you have for summer students getting ready to go?"
"It tells me that site or service is popular. There may be valid reasons for that, which may or may not be valid to me."
"hmm this is a good thing right"
"I've been on a serious Scott Walker binge all week. No end in sight. Life is beautiful."
"i knoww:( those were my fav sticks !"
"Great! I'm interested to get your feedback on my admittedly \"sighted-person\" instructions. Suggestions are always welcome."
"#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I'm going to fucking party."
"i wish school would be over already ugh!"
"What were you on before?"
"A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of comp"
"Nap now (hopefully) Drive-in at 8 in Navato (Romy & Michelle) then Lotus at Fillmore but more likely Everyone Orchestra at Sweetwater..."
"Hey Liam (: Can you come over to Hawaii and surf with me ? <3"
"#ghettocrayolacolors income tax money green"
"love my collard greens sauteed with thick strips of bacon, garlic and a little bit of olive oil. how do u prepare ur collards? -lisa"
"Don't give up !! As long as your with 's team you're in good hands!!"
"Watching Atlanta's halfcourt offense is like watching paint dry except paint drying is a bit more organized and predictable."
"I ♥ minimalism."
"I find it funny that some people will actually pay $$$ for followers…"
"Good evening my friend."
"your name should be changed from #Nobody to #Somebody sweet heart because your somebody just like all of #us. ;)"
"Try double-hyphen, scowl, double-hyphen, curse, authoritative tap on hyphen key, choice curse, slam laptop closed, drink, bed."
"Hey Tax Collectors! We are playing #CarmelHighSchool tomorrow morning at 11:30 or so. Tune in Central Indiana 91.3 FM WHJE!!"
"Burgard: #DeStaebler's standing columns convey a sense of ascension, like Brancusi's Infinite Column."
"Thank you for including my post!"
"Glad you liked it! We love sharing our beautiful building and we especially love hearing that you love it as much as we do!"
"I'm gonna try to overhaul my vocabulary by using a word from this list every day."
"My moma gonna have the nerves to call me after she left me homealone , she asked me if I smell dead people?? Wtf MOM IM HOMEALONE & IM SCARY"
"What do you mean now have given up? Sleepy Hollow was 1999."
"You are so gonna rock the house tomorrow!"
"Just had my first bagel + cream cheese + lox in over 2 yrs. It was fabulous!"
"yeah hanging at home here too cheering them on with Allie and Blade. Go Warriors!"
"27% is terrifying. At this rate of collapse, neolithic levels of subsistance are just a few years away"
"Do you plan on dropping a mix tape anytime soon?"
"Help me out and tell me what places I should go to when I'm in Vegas!"
"Just watched the news. I feel so sorry for him. Pray for him yall"
"Thanks for the tip!"
"I cannot wait to get on that plane! one more week, but vaycay starts on friday! woohoo"
"All four players are seniors. Rodgers is technically the No. 1 seed ahead of Boomgarden."
"Hay hay!"
"No arguments here!"
"Congrats!! That's awesome. :) Friday the 13th is lucky for me too (mostly growing up, but I've always liked it, anyway)."
"it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay..."
"Oh, work starts at 7:00AM now starting tomorrow?"
"Bout to just read a book. Toodles"
"oh yeah haha"
"Money doesn't buy happiness, but I'd rather cry in my private jet"
"At the #SSAC excited to hear the first session w/ Gary Bettman, Adam Silver, Steve Tisch, Rob Manfred & Michael Wilbon."
"Hold onto your hats! Conference calls are hard when practice for the show is going on!"
"I've got a 65-year-old friend that's a freshman on the golf team at Union College in Barbourville, KY."
"going for a run and then hitting the road for the run.maybe i will go for other runs when on the run. or maybe not."
"Congratulations on your victory last night. What a battle"
"rings of war?"
"thanks for following! Have a great weekend!"
"You know it's love when you want to keep holding hands even after you're sweaty. ~ Anonymous"
"oh I love a challenge- just signed up for a 5k in a week. I also just realized I can stash water in the stroller sweet!"
"The one man of the group here & Chuck I take no offense in getting placed with these women who shine"
"BEHIND my beltway; discussions of below belong elsewhere."
"And u been watching RT : This nigga been sittin in front of the t.v. all day playin #2k , shame !"
"winner! RT “: oh wait, i think it's Harmon Killebrew”"
"Noticed everything is up and running for you now...good luck with your fine establishment!"
"Some people just should not drive..."
"Um....Save me some of that!"
"I was expecting this! When are you returning?"
"Big bang theory"
"#KG #TheBigTicket he doin work right now!!! We gotta go up 2-0 on these sixers!!! Let's go C's ...."
"LMAO! It's just Me, Mom, Ez & Drew, not the WHOLE family RT Your family has a news letter?! Sounds like a CBS sitcom"
"It's actually pretty good."
"I made an A in English 2322 :'D"
"Cougar Town moving to TBS has me worried about the network's commitment to airing \"Pretty Woman\" every day."
"Double Celebration! Happy Father's Day to all the Pops. Junina Day 2! Come on down and party up!"
"McFarland: it's easier to appeal to solidarity with those who are far away or famous than those within your community"
"Thanks!! RT\": Listening to 's cover for the second time. Solid. Honeybear - Old Fashioned Morphine #soundcloud\""
"This two weeks of spring break is amazing! Waking up at 11 every morning. Last night got to see Hunger Games with my brother. Awesome week!"
"the time of this tweet just made me open a beer"
"I mention this on tours, but today I found my source from the Star. In 1997, Nancy Irsay paid $44,000 for a 20 lot space on Crown Hill."
"8 hour video game binge. I think so!"
"that looks good.. :'("
"Come check out surrender tonight! It's going to be awesome... Only"
"great news! Go team"
"Graduation invitations are just another way to annoy people"
"Fucking whatever... I'm done with about fucking everything..."
"stingy with funds too"
"Limitations are for when you are at arm's length with the author. Not when you have a contract of any kind (Publishers & Open Access)"
"We just drove to Estacada with a big under-bus storage unit unlocked - it was either drive and arrive on time or wait for a mechanic to fix"
"Hey Summer girl, hope you check out our songs and like our FB page!"
"Join the conversation with hash tag #innotechatx “: What is the hash for this week's events?”"
"Hey my friend good to see you here"
"Writing about life at a standstill."
"Yes I am the sh** Tell me do it stank #A$AP"
"-> RT : If you call your teammates out, you better step up as well!"
"Here's To The Girls Who Have Blue Eyes:)"
"Is there any way that we can start to encase our remaining uninjured players in thick foamy cream?"
"LOL i love it when u talk dirty!!"
"RT : #Civilunions & other bills in #SpecialSession will need to start at square one, then work thru both houses."
"if only people heard our entire Moe's convo.... Hahaha"
"#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle SHE'S GOTTA HAVE IT........"
"For speech therapy software better use of (limited) funds: PR firm or marketing firm? www.saynplay.com"
"i make the plays, never call audibles"
"did that guy just instantly pass out? Hahaha"
"I don't want the world to see me Bc I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want u to know who I am"
"that's some BS ... wow."
"whoever's the owner of the white sedan, you left your lights on"
"ion think alot of mfs know what that feel like lol"
"According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Neck ties are the #1 gift for Father's Day."
"That's one crazy #AmericanIdol bottom three. Joshua, Elise, & Jessica deserve the top 3 in my opinion."
"The top remashed song on Mashup Is M.I.A. - Paper Plane. What's your favorite song?"
"Would love the Google+ article you mentioned in your session at #asw12. Great presentation!"
"Sports Illustrated did a longitudinal study. 85% of football players are divorced or bankrupt within 5 years of leaving their Sport."
"Good morning and Afternoon to everyone!"
"told u it just died right as u said that haha"
"someone gave me the gift of hope tonight. that is amazingly powerful thing."
"hey is your phone number the same as it was?"
"Tennessee and Alabama!! Best WCWS match up.. EVER!! :D"
"Bills get Mario Williams -- sweet!"
"LOL...yeah...I've been missing the Twitter banter...'bout time I get back to it."
"Thanks to all Kentuckians who came to Frankfort today to protest the Nazis at the capitol, we showed the fascists they aren't welcome here!"
"We're looking forward to it! “: We'll be stopping out at next week”"
"hello from SoCal. Thanks 4 following."
"Columbus, finalement. Denison's metropolis. Citadel of OCLC. Adopted home of beloved in-laws. Refuge for the night."
"It's a sad world when I feel like it would be pretentious of me to write a song not in 4/4 or 6/8"
"What's it like in our restos tnite?"
"Great game Boston!!! And they called you old!!! lol! Bring on the Lakeshow!"
"RT : Memphis is literally raping the Clippers right now. -- and that is an understatement smh"
"they say when you're not looking, that's when you'll find...."
"Yes! Please don't make me stare at everyone - come over and say hi."
"he is horrible."
"haha tell him he is welcome :)"
"The grudge you hold on to is like a hot coal that you intend to throw at somebody else, but you're the one who gets burned. ~ The Buddha"
"Good morning everyone!!!"
"Sergio Marchionne is one the best CEO's of major firms (Chrysler and Fiat) anywhere. He is involved and engaged"
"In honor of #MusicMonday, we'd like to hear what bands you want to see us work with this year. Who are your favorites?"
"- keynote at #SemTechBiz - fighting fire and saving lives with"
"In your face!"
"(thanks guys!) Trying like crazy to get the word out!"
"Got Bitches by the pair"
"Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction"
"Well celtics lost by one adds on to my lividness attitude"
"so ready to get this accounting final over with!!"
"I saw a person shot in that villa tho"
"I am gonna hold you to that :)"
"In a library, knocking down all the bookshelves"
"Yes, because in 2011 Pregnant girls arent allowed to tweet. We hide under rocks &use payphones. Buy your niece &nephew an ipad"
"the end of school is bringing out a lot of unexpected everythings"
"Cut three more inches off the mop. Love me some fresh hair."
"What do tons amounts of hairspray, hot dancers & big egos have in common? All came from the 80's! Excited Rock of Ages is coming to town."
"RT : Being absolutely fantastic is only ever a thought away. Think it, believe it, and do it! It really is that simple."
"thanks for the RT!"
"Twitter-fest 2010 in Puerto Rico! LifePath Breakthrough VII! Are you with me? It starts with a smile, you know..."
"This sudden rash of homeless people pan handling with their small children is killing me :0("
"Where do you live?"
"CD making me a believer!"
"Why You Worried About Me ?"
"Hell yeah all then dirty cops went down!!"
"word sugar tits."
"currently cracking up by myself at my desk listening to your podcast and getting strange glances from coworkers."
"beautiful dirty dirty rich rich dirty dirty BEAUTIFUL DIRTY RICH"
"Hello! So lovely to run into you here! :)"
"Catching up on Thursday's #parksandrec! The Debate!"
"Thanks for the RT. Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!"
"year of the slip n' slide!"
"me either. I feel better! Stretching works!(plus a nice nap afterwards) round 2 for next week?"
"Message me for FREE MEMBERSHIPS ON OUR SITE... Find that playmate..:)"
"Thanks for the #FF mentions:"
"okay good!!! I thought you were still playing! Just making sure :) miss you and hope you get back in the game soon!!"
"Acting class was a hoot. I was given a monologue from Don Juan Demarco. I performed it slow, fast and over the top. Hadn't seen the movie."
"what up"
"cause it's true :)"
"it's truer than true. :)"
"We would love to do a tasting with Young Winos! Let's talk."
"deepthroat down riverside sparkin up the hashish mindfuck the lil smut scene in the backseat"
"I'm going to start singing to everyone on this bus with my morning voice. I sound just like Whitney Houston."
"hm no love in that article for the winning team...??? can we do something about that?"
"I'll post pictures once/if we get him. Fingers crossed"
"funny how I'm listening to Turn Me On rn lmao"
"Abby Normal's ?"
"follow back??"
"Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness."
"100% on a psych test"
"#2lazy2getuptho for anything"
"Bobby the Brainiac Heenan"
"The nicest summer day I've ever had was February in"
"Jtfo w/ asia buunyy and alexis."
"Thanks!! Yeah, I've tried all types of variations. I knew they were still alive per other documents I found..frustrating.."
"Cool concept!!"
"Very cool!"
"and were did you get that i didnt love yall? Lol"
"Best thing about having a co-worker who is a psychology grad school student? Having them go over/help with my statistics homework."
"So then why do teachers punish you when you get into trouble if you are only learning, which is exactly what they want you to do?"
"i would love to play bbal with you..but i dont know if you can handel defeat;)"
"We're normally not open Tuesdays, but tomorrow we're making a special exception for our #Titanic exhibition!"
"Is now homw from Arizona! And now has reception again! Had a great time there! Can't wait ot go back! :) #hadthegreatesttimeinmylifeever!!!!"
"\": Proud of my students' above school average End of Course scores this year!! Woot woot!\" Woo!! 😊"
"If thats what it takes for 88 to go off like last weekend I'll get a TRUCKLOAD TO YOU! Has 2 be the Blue tho."
"Oh my. I need plane tickets and to call off from work..."
"Yes, it is!! I need more! RT Morning coffee...... elixir of the gods"
"Man, Omar Gonzalez sure did make A.J. DeLaGarza look 10x better than he is, didn't he?"
"Love the shoes girl"
"If this seems like the career for you, choose being a PS3 game tester to get it going"
"damn shame"
"#DaveyHavok is here at #Swingers in #LA SO TIGHT~"
"The 20 Most Expensive Restaurants In The U.S. via"
"Congratulations to for winning #gsec11 grand prize of $12,500 !!"
"morn lady!!!"
"you got that right. 12 years old all the way. being 15 is overrated."
"Create your own path to success"
"Courthouse Fri @ 1:30pm for release of James Stewart: C.F. Criminal Justice Center, Division 30 210 West Temple St, Los Angeles, 90012"
"we're just starting right now. We will have a website up soon with all the merch."
"What did I do wrong...?"
"Choosing a favorite appetizer is like choosing which parent to live with...only tastier"
"RT : Just saw a QR code at #SexTech2012. Has anyone else used QR codes to reach youth? What were the results?"
"We like Ohio nachos more than some people sometimes. Especially if you don't have to share. ; )"
"wouldn't want to make an ass out of u and me. And by me I mean"
"it's ok. And good idea"
"Thanks for catching this one! We just fixed it."
"Sad thinking I will never again work on Desperate Housewives. Great bunch of freinds. Fun set. (although the coyotes screamed a lot.)"
"Blazers need a bit more toughness... A little sissy like right now. get a body on some one... Damn"
"We're sorry to hear that! What exactly was different from our normal service? Hope you'll come give us another try!"
"Check out Robert Lang's work! Origami will never be the same."
"The draft starts tonight which means football is almost here! Retweet if you're ready for the season!"
"its not that simple. I cant just go with anybody.lol"
"thanks RobBert! :-) Cool to see you here too! :-)"
"I'm just Gunna cry myself to sleep now."
"We should be all right then, because some politicians are working hard to push us back to those eras."
"I think she finally learned how to use twitter"
"\"To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else..."
"I want to gouge your eyes out"
"RT : RT : \": Endless Music what's haninn??\"turn up"
"pretty good. I know you make plenty of visits down here..you should actually stop in once in awhile!"
"sounds like it worked. Thanks for making those calls!"
"TIP: Expand your Twitter following by including images in at least 5 tweets a day."
"what were we doing exactly one year ago today? ;)"
"why didn't i advertise the student advisory team on twitter/facebook until the day the applications are due"
"Today, will release great new analysis of iTunes app store educ section - target age, price, more."
"O.O Hello ghost of eso407"
"There was a place in Owings Mills called Mr. Chelsea's had an awesome NC sauce. Tasted like sweet&sour. changed hands tho"
"You get a chance to peep out them trax?"
"Everyone and their mammas loves bud light. "
"There are only two kinds of people I hate in this world. Those who are intolerant towards others' cultures and the Dutch."
"get fucked up on this beautiful Nebraska day. You swimming today?"
"thanks for making my dad's valentines day so special! He hearts you!"
"\"If you want to know your past - look into your present conditions. If you want to know your future - look into your present actions.\""
"Tell me why everything that's bad feels so fucking good?"
"well , only the peach and pink ones .."
"Good luck Interscope!"
"Its time for fight for"
"Then Mike & Mike will dissect the NFL schedule release for 4 additional meaningless hours tomorrow."
"I'm pretty sure is responsible for my addiction to"
"Just Sent Some Heat To Yall Mail Its A BANGER And I Think Its #Time2Grind FollowBack Family"
"yes! thank you"
"Hey , canceling my friend's flight from SAN to BOS tonight WITHOUT TELLING HIM is not OK."
"definitely the grossest thing I've read in a while"
"Sales next week for after thanksgiving sale! Stop in for some great deals!"
"We don't have the power but we never say never <3"
"Pretty good! Nice Voice"
"Happy Easter 2 the victorious cast! , + every1else"
"Finally I'm home. Tired!"
"“People say you don’t know what you have until it’s gone. Truth is, you knew what you had, you just thought you’d never lose it.”"
"thanks uncle sam!!"
"Also there's a DJ currently playing every reggae song I danced to in high school. Best day."
"Do you know your characters? If you don't, we can't."
"Never called me. -cries-"
"Liberty University is aptly named since there you have the liberty to ban the College Democrats from campus."
"Agree! RT To me, Justin Bieber's video Boyfriend looks good and great."
"Thanks! I like your TV Show ;)"
"“: “: PUNKD tonight on Watch me get mr fitz, peeta, and vhud !” ” Ah I can't wait!!!"
"24.2 inches of snow in Jersey City, NJ...whew!"
"I need a new set of friends"
"LMFAO.! he already walked by me idk where he went =\ legit looked exactly like him though!"
"I tweet therefor I am."
"HELLO HOTEL AWESOME"
"There's always one in every crowd. I wonder if i have ever been that one."
"so when is the new contract party in AZ?"
"What's my problem with salad? It tastes funny with barbeque sauce."
"Paul Pierce has hit as many, if not modem big shots than anyone I've seen"
"Very good day. Looking forward to tomorrow! Thanks to all our followers and supporters!"
"Every day I smoke weed and look at twitter. Today it kind of feels like everyone is looking at me."
"Sad but true! Love you guys"
"“: >>>>> #bestsongsever” well thank you!"
"Dance, dance, dance, dance, dancing in the dark. 😍🎉🎆"
"my grandma and this lady are talking about good fathers that can't have their kids bc of what the judge says. lol."
"\"But I wasn't like screaming or anything.\" *flashback* \"AYE RYAN.!\" RT if you know where this is from."
"Just bought the most amazing bag from !!!"
"While I don't care for his fatal attraction to Lori, I'm on Team Shane when it comes down to it. Team Cobra Kai would be proud!"
"send me an e-mail"
"Ok Milwaukee let the countdown begin to the show this Wed #TurnerHallBallroom. You know you wana dance so take your medicine"
"I was good"
"I'm so bored!!!"
"Thanks for the good discussion everyone!"
"haha I bet your excited to graduate :p, I was last year but I went to pg"
"Happy Pi Day!"
"What does it mean when Peter King is killing it on Twitter & NFL team who annoys me the most right now (Atlanta) didn't have 1st rd pick?"
"Thanks for mentions"
"Is there anything in Miami that I should really check out while I'm here? I think I may have sunday off :)"
"Remember, Ginger Rogers did everything Fred Astaire did, but backwards and in high heels. - Faith Whittlesey"
"A Latin Media Guru is a talented and motivated individual that drives the Latino and Media community to higher heights."
"#youth justice attygenrl holder presents to ntl forum to prevent youth violence. 6cities 6 efforts. Stay tuned"
"#NeverHaveIEver seen a white boy wash his hands leaving Harpers bathroom..."
"Mine too! It's so tasty, and good for you too RT : my fave food is cock :')"
"pearl street mall"
"I had a little more faith in you, then you did in me, but you let me down...once again.."
"Sorry, sorry, sorry - yes, my account was compromised. I got it from ."
"Thanks for checking in! How was everything?"
"And a good time was had by all! THANK YOU to all who came out for the premiere of Karaoke/Spoken Word Mash-Up. Next wk will be even better!"
"Daughter: what's that weird sound in the other room? Me: a typewriter. Daughter: that's what they sound like?"
"Anxiously awaiting comments on"
"loll yes she did!"
"- Just spotted your tweet about Contador. Bummer. (Thanks for the follow. Look forward to more of your tweets!)"
"have you opted out of ?"
"Note to self - in the future do not attend beer tasting festivals on an empty stomach."
"That's what we said a week ago! RT Honey Badger don't care. He'll sell out and do a TV commercial. bit.ly/r1NUxV"
"RT RE: Shane Doan. Once in a while in this hard world, good things happen to good people."
"Is drawing masterpieces, so yes I am drawing the cast of PLL."
"wow, don't they all know they have cameras in the car?"
"Just signed up for www.Ping.fm ! Time for hyperspeed social networking."
"Jingle balls, jingle bells, jingle all the way!! Merry Christmas my friends! :-)"
"I've gotten some questions thanks guys :) I'll answer them now"
"That's is a position I can respect, and I stand in agreement of it!"
"There is no good path to take when you come to a spork in the road."
"U see things in war and times of crisis , but I think that is probably one of the bravest things I'll see a President do in my lifetime"
"I just bust this bitch & it got bigger"
"This should be a good fight!"
"Heading to the meeting"
"Since the #WomenBuild inception in 1998, #volunteers have constructed more than 1,800 houses, including six in #Miami-Dade County."
"Metta Worldpeace . Once a thug always a thug."
"He was such a proud papa this weekend. Couldn't tell enough people that he's got two SU graduates now."
"Man, working a lot this weekend. Full eight tomorrow and more than 12 hours of work at Six Flags on Sunday. Gotta make that $$$$"
"She has no prospective of what the big picture really is"
"want anything from Cotixans?"
"doesn't need as much help as yours!"
"Credit where credit is due! Thanks for being awesome & posting just as awesome content :)"
"In maths , its soo boring , I need ma bed ...."
"Pan Fried Mediterranean Flounder with Shrimp"
"back from chipped up twice this week (StarsNStripes) and coolerd twice nasty 1's.... feel a heater comming"
"I've worn a black shirt everyday this week."
"The Senators [Wong and Faulkner] have passion ... we could use more of that in the House"
"The Understory hit some Goggle Searches today, here are a few links"
"stay positive :)"
"what's wrong? :("
"Don't miss #TEDXYouth Day event at the Little Haiti Cultural Center ! Support the Miami-Dade youth creativity"
"bro I need to see u first send me a pic"
"Says : governments should work closely with #infosec community to fight #cybercrime watch event"
"#Bvlgari, #Tiffany's ;)"
"omg. you, shut the hell up gorgeous person. <3"
"I choose quality over quantity, I'll take the right road instead of a \"short cut\".. But.. I am guilty of choosing fashion over practical😁"
"tell you IRL"
"Same old Caps."
"Offset it with the other side"
"God Bless you toya. Im new on twitter and wanted to show you some love."
"Good Employers + Good Sellers + Good Stewards = GOOD COMPANY"
"How badass of you!!!"
"Damn I haven't seen this in forever"
"I don't wanna do this anymore, I don't wanna be the reason why every time I walk out the door, I see him die a little more inside."
"What's wrong man?"
"Good luck!!! Praying for you!!"
"*<):0) have a great weekend"
"RT : Hey, don't hate on Acer! / sorry, didnt mean 2 offend! U know how us Apple fanatics can be obnoxious sometimes!"
"video shoot 2day 12thSt N.E. Come Show Luv"
"Previewing tomorrows big UFC on Fox fight. One on one with Velasquez and Dos Santos tonight at 10."
"RT : Ditto! RT : Thanks for coming to the #jazzed panel! Great to meet...."
"Oh, my mistake! Early here :)"
"Y'all, I had a blond moment. I have been saying an $8T market that reaches 3M when that should be 3B. Liberal arts major. Bad at math."
"Animated RT Tell me one adjective that describes the mood in your house during Fall."
"Hm, so the sellers want to give my client an offer. This will be very interesting!"
"Haha! RT : Once again, having a really bad love affair with Sugar, Carbs, and Saturated Fat right now. Sorry Gym."
"The GOP/Bush bankrupted the economy~!!!! Hello America?"
"rainy dayz sleepy head. now i'm up with no school tomorrow."
"Hotel wifi produces its own form of disintermediation."
"LOL. I slept a bit....still need more, but have an eye doc appt tomorrow. Ugh. Hate them."
"I bet there's beer in the clubhouse tomorrow."
"Love it! Knock 'em dead and give God's country a big kiss for me."
"I love him tho"
"sleep on me if you want"
"California next week :) ...its so much easier to organize your life from an outside perspective."
"I really, really need to go for a trail run. Sigh."
"Don't feel bad, My liver is still sore from my last visit to 1oak :)"
"LOL U GOOD. BETTER LATE THAN NEVER. ;)"
"probably nothing - my follower count keeps bouncing up and down randomly - would guess it's a twitter issue!"
"We cooked some lentils yesterday. With bacon, polish sausage and Turkish bay leaves. The kids loved it. Good carbs for running too."
"they are pure evil"
"Doh! I let my Ludacris reference get the better of me. :) RT : That's Champaign--no bubble here. :-)"
"thank you! Hope you're enjoying #peru!"
"Cash Rules Everything Around Me #C.R.E.A.M. get your money dolla dolla bills yahhhh!"
"Your boring ballet flats disappoint me. Part of being a member of #lilacpantsuit is always be stylish"
"El sexo Oral No Provoca Caries!:P"
"The mac N roofies should be kicking in any second now."
"Nude? RT : Just wondering, are there any addiction classes to help my #Instagram habits? I need it...BAD."
"That's too elaborate, just have Mario start for City."
"Thanks for the RT--thrilling for me to be read by more than a few dozen people!"
": We needed a new ILS. asked \"how hard can it be?\" Famous last words..."
"We'd like to invite you to try a new live event app being developed by a friend of ours. For an invite, just send us a message."
"Is \"Thickly Settled\" a New England thing?"
"yeah its been a ling time U didn't answer....abd yeah okay if U don't love them 😜"
"Sleeping on the couch again .. I won't be surprised if I'm not at school tomorrow .. I'm just way to freaked out ."
"I had uploaded my secret formula to save the economy and cure all diseases to #Megaupload now what do I do?"
"Totally fun, and I think I mostly made things much worse before they got better."
"The political system is like WWE. The only difference is, WWE is more realistic & entertaining! RWNJ's are killing America!"
"We are Niagra Falls bound tomorrow for at the Rapids Theatre! See you there, super upstate NY."
"I'm not at a point in my life where I have any love to give away."
"#skincream RT : Anybody else find it intriguing that #JuliaRoberts and the #StatueOfLiberty share the same birthday?"
"I can imagine lolololol"
"what kind"
"Can't wait til caps game tonight!"
"A brand new XPS 13 laptop could be yours! Just come by our booth, #1503, & fill out a short survey"
"The show archer is hilarious"
"I <3 Will Ferrell. \"Forget Twitter, I'm on the CB.\" Reminds me of hanging out in Westminster, MD back when BBSs were cool :)"
"me too. I predicted the pick up of Hughes in my article over on Friday and he had a rough one tonight."
"I'm looking for libraries, publishers, authors, and others in the #kidlit space to follow. Any #FF for me?"
"Nah yo!!! Blake Griffen just threw it on Gasol worst than Mosckov and Perkins combined! Dayum"
"A1. As society changes, having a diverse workforce (not just racial, but gen. diversity) helps an org. approach situations in unique ways."
"VanNuys Court this morning. Should be nice and HoT at 100 plus degrees in the Valley."
"Be jealous, I meet Austin 4 times, went to his concerts and take lots of photos. YES, IN MY DREAMS :)"
"Maybe now you want more autonomy, flexibility, or to make a positive impact on the world."
"not going to lie, i think i'm going to put #awksteezey in my rotation."
"Hey you hope all is well."
"shut up Noah!"
"how dare you deny me that thing I get for free!"
"If you ask me if I love you, I'd lie.."
"You know you did a great job on yardwork if your mom looks at it and assumes you were drunk.. I should probably redo."
"Enjoyed spotting you on \" Up All Night. \" One shot was simply not enough. :-)"
"thnx for follow LL! Last time I was your 1000th One."
"No worries. :) What sort of writing can you do/do you want to do/will write for food? :)"
"Grinding in the studio with"
"Another great day shooting for #TribecaFilmFest !"
"◊ You mean what about other people's samples? There were two others stored with Braun's I hear, both tested normal."
"I'm not very good at staying mad, and that's why you never know something is wrong."
"sittin at work boreeeeeddddddddd...come on 12, i need my break"
"And why are you tweeting this?"
"The 'Saw' button is great!"
"Loving it that user experience is at center of DPLA work. It informs all other work streams."
"Ben taught me a new workout routine for upper body :D Now to have the energy to do it every day.. -_-"
"I told my best friend I was \"kinda off\" tomorrow. Her response was \" you need to have a seat\". Lmao she's right."
"dude why aren't u watching the wings? Watch a real mans sport none of that sissy #NBA bs"
"Your the key to my happiness"
"its easy to share the truth you and Leduff are the best in the local area"
"New rage keeps Somali boys off street: video games - Austin American-Statesman"
"Maybe it was a twitter glitch. Twitter randomly dropped a bunch of people I followed and heard it happened to others."
"Sometimes my life sucks so bad."
"Save the date for Advising Day Library Libations, just one month away on July 7! More details to come..."
"i like your av :)"
"pain makes people change."
"Can I consider myself an expert at weight loss seeing not only have I lost a total of 20 pounds, but I got my luggage from 64# to 46#?"
"I can't beathe right now. The worst directionator in my school got One Direction tickets for the show in 6 days. I'm about to cry."
"Don't be in denial"
"I'm about to order my ticket this week!"
"hahaha oh goodness. that's dangerous."
"AWESOME and good for you. You deserve it!"
"On a ghost tour! Tehe"
"Thanks for tweeting and posting my video for 's \"Still Alive.\""
"Why does everything always, no matter what, have to suck?"
"I Dare Those Who Say I Can't To Stand In Front Of Me & Look Me Bang In My Eye"
"Sometimes I don't understand why things happen the way they do but I know in the end that God has a plan."
"Thanks, I sobbed. Like a little bitch...Damon DID meet her first...like wtf? is she going to remember now? she better!"
"Got pokemon white :-D"
"and the same to u for the RT"
"Hope your students have done well in admissions this year!"
"So much TV to watch tonight - Its very hard to avoid all #thebachelor talk today!"
"#NUGGETS playing phenomenal tonight. Great to see Ty Lawson leading the troops and taking control!"
"I looked in the mirror and for once I said damn I'm pretty and I can do better"
"She catch some worst dan feelings"
"Summer has arrived EARLY! Need assistance putting together you Summer Drink Menu--Call Great Lakes Distillery and we can come to your aid."
"I wonder if I'm annoying anyone with my Matt Hunter tweets. oh well... yolo ;)"
"Great seeing replay with gasol yelling at Kobe as #Manimal dunks"
"I dread the thought of going to school. Thanks Centennial for making my high school career suck ass."
"My #bears bringing the ugly RT Meanwhile, Buff Nation is loud and proud here. And the Highlighters have arrived."
"Working On My Mixtape Might Perform Somewhere Pretty Soon-KaeSmoove"
"UM YES!"
"#MikeWoodson Is A Solid Coach And He Should Keep The Job If No Phil But No Team In The NBA Will Turn Down The Greatest Coach In NBA History"
"YOU SO SCANDALOUS."
"we found him! Stuck on our wall- he is ok!"
"Randomly started listening to your \"Before The Future EP\" and So far so dope.... Keep it going yo."
"I just wanna go home and listen to punk goes pop"
"It was thursday"
"If I hear Zooey Deschanel ask her phone \"is that rain?\" one more time I will literally rain on her face. (pee-pee)"
"Rain rain go away!!"
"And now I'm depressed. This is why I only get high. Fuck getting drunk. It shows my true emotions and I'm a bitch for it."
"Today in jazz: 1923 Pianist Ellis Larkins born in Baltimore, MD."
"Prom tonight!"
"Before I die, I want to cross ____________ off of my bucket list."
"This account has been a little twitter dream of mine for a while. Finally it's come true. ;)"
"Yes. A ticket to Thursday's game get's both games"
"That puppy pic was adorable!!!! I never seen anything so cute before <3333"
"Mornin' :) how is your day going so far?"
"OMG too much"
"Fathers hug your daughters and continue to guide them to the right type of guys. Our job is never over. 26 is not enough!"
"A simple thought: If ESPN ducked into the 2pm ET hour 3-4X and said \"We're trying to confirm Seau reports,\" no issue. 70-min blackout: issue"
"Marquise Trevon Wilson & his 2 Blue's are on their way to \"Nastie Garage's Cali <3 Car Event/Meet\" in Pomona 2 see what it do! :-D"
"What’s best at brunch?"
"WHATCOULDGOWRONG?? RT museum conference reception at a Maker lab... #randomthought #mw2012 yes! Solder + alcohol = win!"
"RT - The 1972 Miami Dolphins #IsNowSignedToYoungMoney Perfect Season Tape On The Way"
"Not liking this wind at all!!! Allergies!"
"listening to it now."
"Watching The Lion King :D"
"At the The Box Factory with"
"oh sorry that was rude to put a wink face considering that's you:P."
"Just went on a 2 hr escapade to deliver passports...#reasonswhyimthebest #yourewelcome ;)"
"Great news, everybody: I just signed a contract with EMI Music Publishing Portugal More great things will happen in 2012, so get ready!!!"
"RT : Hello my talented HB friends! Hilton Chicago is looking for an Event Floor Manager / Blue Coat. apply!"
"Barney Frank PP: The House under Republican rule is 1/2 Michele Bachmanns and 1/2 those afraid of losing a primary to people like Bachmann."
"I was waiting for that. Hit send to fast. You know how we be doing it in the 731! HAHAHAHAHA"
"Camper Van"
"Brett Favre's last throw in '08 playoff game was INT... Same as Rodgers this year."
"glad Stewart is back better glove and couldn't possibly hit worse then Lopez right now"
"Good news for immigration work! Cecilia Munoz is now WH Domestic Policy Council Director"
"Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online HEUIEHOIUEHE q trend perfeito."
"The one person I tell her about she takes. That's just great. Let's hear the applause."
"if you have to check with your bf/gf to go hang out or doing something with your best friends, you need to re-evaluate your relationship."
"My kids LOVE camping inside!"
"enjoy the show! Alex & Seth"
"From our cat calendar: \"Cats can sprint about 31 mph!\" Impressive, but if I hear mom in the kitchen I can go from zero to 60 in 5 seconds!"
"A wise man once told me don't argue with fool, 'cause people from a distance can't tell who is who."
"hey bro i jus got my song In This Party published and i want u to add it to yo playlist. Wats yo email again"
"hahahaha I kno! Lol my plan is to be outta the house for as long as possible, fucking shit up"
"4th Annual Miss Black and Gold Pageant is this Sunday!!!! Make sure you get your tickets!!! Contact any"
"Jesus: you can actually deal with Philly jury duty stuff online. I'm pinching myself to make sure that I am actually still in Philadelphia."
"Just signed up for my 2nd year of volunteering at Tulane's commencement. Anderson Cooper is speaker this year!"
"A perfect, sunny day in San Diego. What should I do?"
"what made you become such a Broncos fan?"
"If they were good at branding they would have jobs and be at work now."
"I'm pretty bored."
"I love the bieb!!!!"
"Tell us about your #vday outfit! Are you planning red, pink?"
"There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Circus Clown Barbie ...complete with scary face paint and scary wig"
"don't kid yourself"
"I Cant Wait No Time To Waist"
"Will you PLEASE use that as your blurb on THE END GAMES?!"
"Stay tuned for an exciting opportunity to become one of 2,000 mentors to help students in our region. Details will be revealed tomorrow!"
"Its a drive lady but worth it. Pho Nguyen on Beav-Hills Hwy by Fred Meyers. About 5 minutes west of the Ross Island bridge"
"Do your best Coach! Give me a call sometime."
"good read, thanks for sharing!"
"Miss America Laura Kaeppeler just gave a rousing rendition of God Bless America. Crowd loved it."
"lemon chicken, broccoli, mashed potatoes and corn bread."
"He died on that episode of , right? cc:"
"If the Darkness are a \"joke,\" then 90 percent of \"serious\" hard rock bands have a lot of catching up to do."
"Texting could help create a Physician-Patient relationship with a young person; office visits alone may be seen as just transactions"
"date for art scaping and scheming."
"“: SAP to Buy for $3.4 Billion j.mp/vYtLjk <- Congrats Lars and team!” congrats emergence!"
"i know u do somewhere deep down inside"
"Love waking up late but having a bike to get to class on time!"
"Thank you for all you have done for Milwaukee... or that's right, you have don't nothing for us"
"4 followers away from 500, not that i'm paying attention"
"RT : Smallholder farmers will be \"indispensable\" in efforts to double food production by 2050, says Roger Thurow...."
"I've always wanted to get in a taxi & say, \"FOLLOW THAT CAR\"."
"Follow me I follow you back how does that sound to you ??????"
"Nostaligia for #books doesn't do it for me. Books have been nice, cozy cages:punctuation, grammar rules, spelling rigidity, boxes of paper."
"when someone describes in their profile as being \"mostly angry tweets,\" I can hardly blame you for that! Don't let it get to you"
"Just had an amazing experience at the Guideshop on Newbury St. Love the look & fit of the clothes. Opening 5/1, check it out!"
"Totally missed that it was Groundhog's Day today:/ Whoopsie! What did that fur thang end up doing???"
"this is so you."
"Pity. That would be a good way to die. They should look into marketing it to the Texas Dept. of Corrections."
"Welcome back Chris! How was your day?"
"I will find you."
"Thanks for the #FF shout out!"
"do you have your daughter this weekend ?"
"Obsessed with My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding. Ob-Sessed!"
"Heyo! Thanks for following!"
"SF for a month in a few days. Sweet."
"I literally just unfollowed you earlier (just for being a general DB) but after that now I have to follow you again."
"Hi there. Thanks for tweeting so much during my talk! Nice to meet you today!"
"I still have a long way to go, especially on the cleans (keeping the bar close). Thanks for checking the video out, Coach!"
"swear to god lol"
"Got my wings...ready for #Spurs to kick ass"
"This is message from friendstream."
"\"Where The Wild Things Are\" -- A child's first immersion into understanding \"margin\" versus \"mainstream\", \"self\" versus \"other\""
"ahahah ok i will! I never have the volume on aha its weird! He better call lol"
"Do you remember what you wanted me to do while you were away? ;) x"
"i'm planning on going to 2 yoga classes this weekend"
"Meet local author Debra Gauthier, Author of \"Bright Lights Dark Places\" at the Green Valley Library this Sat, 1/7, from 1pm - 3pm!"
"Does anyone know any intriguing world news? It has been quite depressing to read the news lately."
"LOL! Did you guys see the booger whip bt mark sanchez?"
"Also the videos in that playlist only repeat \"A Universe Not Made For Us\" even though the title of the video changes."
"im pretty sure we make the best music."
"yeah, I didn't want to look."
"im so confused D:"
"#FF thanks and welcomes aboard new follows and Move your way!"
"i'LL DO HiM THE HONOR &&ND BE HiS WiFE...💍"
"Are You Ready for Episode 4 of Tyme Johnson-Making It In Manhattan?"
"Bring back the draft you people have to much time on their hands if you love this country like you love Rush then go fight the real enemies"
"LOLOL. Danika and Lisa fighting is funny ;)."
"Aigoo! I've heard about that. :\"( It might make me sad because he's my ultimate Bias."
"I want to go home spending the night in the hotel cuz roads were glare ice and couldn't get on 100. Cool"
"I love when my mom uses the threat \" if you don't eat your salad your not going this weekend!\""
"oh for sure.....you going to shaggfest right?"
"My point exactly."
"good luck with those chains."
"still didn't get my moombahswag. I want to rock that old school shirt with the cursive \"Moombahton\". Great show last night!"
"I'm gone and you're all alone.. Its just you and your echos."
"Lol thanks :) RT : #ShoutOut to for not being as boring as other #Hollister workers(:"
"This long distance is killing me..."
"Architectural Design isnt Architecture. Architectural Design is for retards."
"Our staff's safety is paramount. Our policies are built on staff/customer safety. We will not allow guns."
"Quote of the Month? Awesome. But that still leaves two weeks to defend my title."
"Call her beautiful, not hot. She's a woman, not a temperature."
"Don't know if u saw, but I beat 6-4. We're thinking his jorts outing will be a Nats day game next Sun. U in or working?"
"It's a bust: RT : WOW... New NAM Model gives NO SNOW TO DC Sunday, joining the EURO MODEL"
"probably a better advice is to start work at a lib first before getting into a lib school :)"
"THANK YOU!!! would you be willing to pay $150/month for this amazing pool and gym? i need help with that part :("
"Nothing like falling asleep to a thunderstorm... Maybe this will cure my insomnia? Let's hope so. ☔"
"If there are particular new books you'd like to see us carry, please email us your suggestions."
"Can't believe that I'm still up at almost 3 in the morning. Ha"
"aahhhh and the missing begins ."
"Thanks for the tweet"
"OMFG IM IN CHICAGO *dies*"
"Lmfao i need a therapist straight up"
"You have AIDS. Goodnight."
"It's really been almost 18 years tho"
"#FF to the #SanDiego news stations we love to watch:"
"short people are awesome!!! they can bite your ankles and hide xD."
"Oh man, there's burger pieces all over the bullpan after that Lucroy bomb. Don't worry, is saving their souls."
"The shit that goes through my head <<<<<"
"Leaders who serve well release tremendous reserves of talent, productivity, creativity and performance."
"I ripped open my back..."
"miss you"
"Amazing job in the debate. You officially got my vote today. :)"
"strep throat can go to hell. :("
"be a whole lotta love out here for you guys... take a big deep breath and have some fun now with that good stuff you do"
"It's easy! The more length you have on the part that folds over will make the actual tying easier."
"It doesn't matter, we have to play the same, sacrifice and play hard for each other"
"- Yes and no. Sometimes typing is more easy than talking in real life."
"Number One Son has been home from #MSU since Friday night. So far he's logged about 36 hours of sleep and 20,000 calories."
"60 miles North of Seattle:-)"
"thanx 4 heads up can u email w/specifics? I did test in firefox & not seeing an issue 2 fix"
"Watching Punk'd on MTV right now"
"Your friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you. -Elbert Hubbard"
"First month paying bills without a real job... such an awkward (yet liberating) feeling."
"aha ok :p i was gonna bring yoga pants but i dunno aha, meet me in the choir room aha"
"Finally done with the sats"
"3 more days of school left for me!"
"Infusionsoft Customer Tour in San Diego, CA. Here with Erin Laverty, Chelsea Wilson and Jennifer Price. Should make for a GREAT event."
"..when does a location-based game involving narrative elements, puzzles, and collective intelligence become an ARG? etc"
"A public wrestling match is the only way to decide this thing. GOP vs DFL in a royal rumble."
"Well I need to wash clothes so i got some thongs to wear for tomorrow lmao"
"The second winner of the raffle is Karen Fine Saltiel from ! Primerica is also one of our amazing sponsors!"
"I hope you enjoyed your day off?"
"Just did a round of all TV theme songs. Harder that you may think. Geek Pub Quiz at SYP!"
"We're stuck outside the fence, but we'll be rollin' deep with the all-star spirit! Let's go East!!"
"In hockey they're called goons..."
"that's a lie good trees tho"
"got my tickets Lee. I overpaid but I'm on the floor next to basket."
"Congrats and the rest of the team. Great job, the 4 years of hard work certainly paid off!"
"We are having fun thinking of baby names so far we both have agreed with one! Keeping our fingers crossed that fertility treatment works. <3"
"holy smokes, guys! thanks for all the support! (:"
"Great food and beautiful people! That is the scene baby! Wine and dine!"
"My bday party did numbers last night what a night thanks to all that celebrated with me both days and those who didn't your lost lol!"
"My TV is mounted on my wall!! Yea-ya!"
"I CALL MA X FUCK FACE lol."
"end of the semester. when you have more things to do than time permits. bye bye sleep."
"Anybody have recommendations on finding inexpensive flights to Europe?"
"Are there any limits to ANYONE but Obama for conservatives?"
"sittin on a fat wallet all day hurts my ass"
"Orlando's Dwight Howard Headlines 2010-11 NBA All-Defensive First Team"
"this afternoon I was to the shopping center with my father. We buy some things & eat popsicle! My of brigadier."
"The only political thing that could make me happier than Elizabeth Warren running for Senate is Larry Lessig being nominated for SCOTUS."
"Oh my Adele! You are making me cry!"
"and You guys are great . Thanks for your help. Mucho Mahalos. ^dy"
"If only the food were as good..."
"Just watched a bunch of Kal David videos. What a great blues and jazz singer!"
"Hahaha, good to know. I do too. :P Lmao, tmi. I'm gonna shutup now."
"I can feel my summer freckles coming in. -kc #summersummersummertime!"
"SO PUMPED!!!"
"Peggy megan joanie are like the #bondgirls of"
"I better get an A in Mr. Greens class."
"is there a place to reach you where explanation can be more than 140 Characters?"
"Now it is."
"What a glorious day!God be praised!If ur struggling today,praise God even if you don't feel like it.You'll feel better+JC is always worth it"
"A full day of Atlanta shopping lies ahead. The tornadoes and truck size hail have finally passed."
"...and we know lots of other MKE arts groups do what they can to foster youth creativity in & out of school, too:"
"were you at teen hoot with austin and peyton and ryan ?"
"yeah, so proud of myself. :)"
"Why no score or shot clock on KONG?"
"Standard Flat Fee Order - Portland MLS Direct received a new entry."
"Game of Thrones time"
"Firehouse + Jamba Juice = Ultimate Hangover Cure"
"I love the internet. Tonight's big find: video of Madonna's Blond Ambition Tour. Spent the evening getting reacquainted with it."
"Last call #Hollywood Young Circle. 30 more minutes to enjoy #coolhaus tonite. Come, no run!"
"going shopping tomorrow :] so excited ♥"
"Just signed NDA's with UMD to share aquaculture technology and create a commercialization strategies"
"It's official... I'm a better quarterback than"
"i requested #Boyfriend just for you!! (: <3"
"Wondering why my daughter spent $3 on 1 doggie cupcake from some dog store downtown. $3 and the dog doesn't even like it!"
"Las Vegas Jobs and Nevada Employment Las Vegas jobs, Nevada careers, Reno jobs. ... SEARCH JOBS. What job are you looking for?"
"they have those at the golf course!! hahaha"
"\": Love it...just got an email from the producers of Troubadour, Tx..looks like me and Florin Sanchez will be... What????"
"ugh ordering my pit tickets for hot chelle rae tommorw c:"
"Hmm, there appears to be a tasting mere blocks from my workplace on Wednesday afternoon... Worth my time?"
"My life consists of eating sleeping and tweeting ."
"Where have you been?? *Where* are you?"
"i hate them nd i hope they go 2hell :@"
"FREE. oh god. its worse than i thought. mass coverup. even hardened spooks freaking. maybdeadsoon"
"Now, if he can only be as good as Brennan!!"
"Realizing that I'm moving in about a month. Nothing will matter anymore. I'd rather leave on good terms with everyone though."
"the mom of the stalker who ran on the court last night?"
"Just came back from Walmart. All those crazy pics on the Internet are true...there were \"Walmartians\" in every aisle. Wish I took some pics!"
"If we are unable to go PLEASE let us know the next event you are goin to we are dying to meet you and yours so we can hang out"
"#1 place you find out about new music these days? RT with your answer!"
"Happy Earth Day! What are your Eco-Resolutions for 2011?"
"thanks 4following back!!"
"I can go for a long time without food but"
"Terry Bradshaw's in my hotel. Why? Chargers game?"
"\"This guy probably can't even spell poker.\"- Phil Hellmuth \"Idiot From Northern Europe\"- Phil Hellmuth"
"Guys is crazy! This hoe come & talk about making food when she not 😜😂😂😂😂 nama ella! Lmfaoo! We all crazy hurr thoo!"
"anything you think I can post on my website!"
"WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 2"
"Who ever thought that AC Slater would become the most successful celebrity out of all the kids on Saved By The Bell?"
": Great news gathering."
"Keep eating pace with the rest of the table"
"Come and get it Hyde Park!! Mama is parked at 57th and Ellis in front of The Reg!"
"Inspiring and at the same time makes me want to hide in an old library."
"it's decent. starting to get cold. it's cool though. I'm trying to get serious about music...."
"Got invited to a LinkedIn power users event in May...pretty cool."
"“: Females killed Chivalry when they called it THIRST” hahaha"
"The main guy in the new Footloose is so cute...."
"tweets during calc exam... Bold"
"I'm in a delicate state right now. My emotions are running wild. So, sorry."
"I feel sick rite now..."
"Yes, you are right Lori Goldstein, skinny is not over rated."
"If you haven't enjoyed a cup of ...I don't what to say. Figure your life out."
"I HATE MOST PEOPLE... :/"
"Nothing else matters much -- not wealth, nor learning, nor even health -- without this gift: the spiritual capacity to keep zest in living"
"no just lookin for one. We're starting a biker gang."
"It's always a treat to see someone care about something other than themselves. I admire her very much"
"LOL Good idea. I need to watch more so I can really pick which one I want to review."
"In fact, I'd rather have a Focus ST than a Mustang."
"Why wish when you have god 24/7?(;"
"Lol! I'm glad one of my fav breweries in PDX has a distillery. It feels wrong to not drink beer at a brewery."
"opposites become compliments in the higher mysteries."
"I have turned heel I guess."
"i did follow you"
"Congratulations on the funding!"
"My sister taught me to drive in a Honda Civic. A few years back of course, haha :)"
"If April Fools and Opposite Day ever line up on the same day, my mind will explode."
"Good Question! RT : You live in Chicago and you're wearing a Heat jersey? How are you still alive?"
"The woman I just worked with talked for straight 8 hours"
"I just saw someone using a pay phone. That's weird, right?"
"TY4RT RT : RT : The serious business of creating #happier world (new #UN priority) via : htt......"
"a year ago today and i gave birth to let it flourish and wreak havoc"
"Good morning!"
"Big EverN fan here,& use ToDo 4 iPhone(but wish integrated w/EverN).Does Omni bring it all together?"
"Saw a woman wearing elbow-length rubber gloves smoking through a vintage cigarette holder."
"Most vivid dream I've had in ages. So absorbing I overslept."
"Kill them with kindness"
"mission valley"
"25- your really nice! Even though I talked to you like once. Lol(: talk to me more. <3"
"Thank you! :)"
"Maybe playing FarmVille all day and giving back your stock options isn't all that appealing after all?"
"Stay with me in the... yellow"
"true, but they can make some of those."
"RT : Coach K not happy about the non-goaltending call. As usual Duke is getting hosed by the refs."
"IT'S YOU!"
"of Booze :)"
"#questionsihateanswering \"Why don't you have a boyfriend?\""
"#Rheumatoid #arthritis can be difficult to diagnose. Many other conditions resemble it and its symptoms can develop insidiously."
"Burial for Duffy's Cut Workers A Christian burial for the workers of Duffy's Cut at West Laurel Hill Cemetery. ( DAVID SWANSON / Staff Ph"
"Also I love that you were in something called Latin nationals. You are so cool ;-)"
"lol Ikr. I try to keep up"
"kind of glad i'm not watching the game in public with the words that are coming out of my mouth."
"3 pages in"
"Okay, stop saying they were dead all along on LOST. that's not what happened"
"I do not want to dieuntil I have faithfully made the most of my talent and cultivated the see that was placed in me until the la"
"Harmless and sophomoric, unless you count the rape-like woman's skirt game. UGH."
"Kevin Martin with 25 points after going scoreless last night."
"Looking for a Senior Technology Implementation Strategist and Consultant for a short-term (one month initial) assignment in Washington, DC.…"
"Come to Kilroy's Sports tonight to enjoy everything for 50% OFF! Remember $5 gets you AND a buddy in the door!"
"You're not cool"
"omg that poor bunny lol"
"Yes ma'am :D hehe text me -.- haha"
"that's the problem. Most Americans aren't intelligent enough to follow the pace of hockey"
"good joke but didn't need the explanation,"
"cc & MT Really enjoying your site! Great way 2 connect and network with people for my company!"
"Well, that does it for the night. King loses to S.A. Churchill 3-1. That series resumes at 4 p.m. Saturday at Cabaniss Field."
"Clean your pools skimmer basket regularly for best filtration and pool clarity"
"that can't be real"
"almost 70,000 followers bby c: i feel like a proud mother.."
"I love it. Men in ties. Yes."
"Ortiz, refusing to be shown up by some young wipper-snapper, goes Yard."
"Patiently waiting."
"love the idea of the Vision! I'm a big believer in Vision Boards."
"Had a Blast 2nite #COMEDY. BIg Ups to , Doug Roth and Chris Z!"
"good session"
"Good Morning"
"LoL, no running man but caramel pretzel pancakes (hers) were def involved. Her name is April. She's fantastic. Come see 4 yourself"
"My back-up profession: EMT :)"
"yeah lol were are you from ?"
"Its a party, Its a party, Its a party"
"Ozzie on Chris Brown \"He was itchin to hit someone\""
"Heck yeah! She's a beast."
"#YouShouldn't claim someone that isnt officially yours yet.."
"should be every Sunday!. Praying to God that he opens doors and rebelchurch gets their own building. With a rebel yell!!"
"Did you hear the one about the door company lawsuit? It was an open and shut case! Hey a bad joke is better than no joke at all right?"
"Even though I really loved you, I'm gonna smile because I deserve to. It'll all get better in time <3"
"The event is quickly approaching! Will you be there? #chillorlando RT"
"Thanks! That was fun! danielHERNDON: Cool, just saw on !"
"this is very trippy. u look a bit awkz in this."
"Did I miss something? Why are the #Celtics chanting \"Scalabrine\"? They are being ran right now!"
"Everyone check out please. They support Net Neutrality, oppose ACTA, want govt. transparency and personal privacy."
"\":Having an amazing dinner w/the legend Richard Palmese and @ Frankie & Johnnies Rye. Cowboy Ribeye Rules!"
"I'll see you in a couple of days ! Can't wait, it's cold here in Chicago!!"
"We could be the perfect couple, we're just not in the perfect situation."
"what happened?"
": And more importantly, love people for WHO they are. #nohate #nojudgement #nocondemnation *salutes the roman empire*"
"LOL that's"
"just applied to three colleges (="
"just landed in Newark and am in a cab home to NYC. I feel very lucky we could connect b4 left Delhi!"
"business plans?! Nope dont believe it"
"Oh, darling. Please believe me, I'll never do you no harm."
"thanks to and for the feedback on my \"table debate\". Have a great rest of the week."
"Yes I did."
"thanks girl!"
"and now I'm crying inside... just helped a customer looking for shelter for his infant son & wife."
"you do have a phat ass. Very"
"Myles i might be wrong but i've thought that from the start. (had to switch accounts from"
"The MOMS Sale is coming up in only 2 months - what are you looking to buy?"
"Words Dnt Ever Seem To Come Out Rite But I Still Mean Em Why Is That It Hurts My Pride To Tell Yu How I Feel But I Still Need To Why Is That"
"I hate politics. But this year I'm urging everyone on election day to write in \"Your Mom\" for President."
"So I got my hair cut yesterday and it ended up being shorter than I anticipated..."
"Good choice."
"hey girl! Im out n about runnin errands."
"Glad you were able to make it, Mike!! Hope to catch up to you soon!!"
"I've been more of a college student this week then I have all semester..co-op, STAMP, Cole, Byrd, sitting on the mall,"
"Good Morning. :)"
"Walgreens tryna say my doctor didn't send my papers! Bitch yes they did n I know this cuz I was in the room when he did it!"
"do you"
"Wow! I need to keep up with my followers! Thanks so much!"
"what a dumb ass move by suh he cost his team the game and if he suspended could cost his team there season"
"Hi Jeff, Al Loring/Bob Rose intro me to NSA and you 22 years ago. Just watched your Eric Worre videos, thanks for everything!!"
"and Happy Mothers Day, hope you had an amazing day you deserve it"
"Despite national trends #sandiego #housing prices are on the rise...Now it the perfect time to purchase #realestate here!"
"Private pilates classes for $45 each! Certified, experienced instructors! $45 per session or $400 for 10 sessions!"
"Alas, nobody ever convinced them to switch to CD-RWs, continuing their original purpose of providing free backup media"
"follow back!"
"Having a good time at this Kobalt writers round in Nashville, these guys are legit!"
"Final dress for Richard I tonight! This show is looking/sounding(if i do say so myself) great."
"well It's not the \"group\" it used to be"
"lol.....cant wait to shyt on dem wit dem 28z umq put on my new truck tomorrow homie"
"boy, i hope i'm drunk soon."
"yeah i remember asking you and you telling me you liked timbuk2"
"BITCH IM NVER GOING NO WHERE IM HZ MAIN SQUEEZE....BLAH BLAH BLAH"
"I am told that the skin reduces men mad. I love to wear it because it's nice."
": hit the #SaltLick today and thought about your NYC bbq...hope you survived!"
"Damn this SNOW WHITE is hella stoney"
"freshly squeezed"
"no, i'm not trying to be sexy...this is a snapshot of me saying 'hi suggie' to my dearly departed feline friend."
"There are so many tools (especially free ones) for companies to take advantage of, yet so many do not. So I appreciate your effort!"
"Few spaces only for this Awesome Casting Director! Tori has employed more actors than any other Casting Director in New York!"
"Rejoice! In the Lord always and again I say rejoice!!!"
"Why can't it be tomorrow already ?"
"what happened with delta???"
"Romney got it right there! Santorum is not authentic (but Romney is also not a conservative.)"
"Follow for future SimpleGeo API updates"
"shut up, you look lovely darling "
"Why are you always breaking my heart? </3 I was there for you, when NO ONE ELSE WAS! Now I hear your with a guy, it breaks my heart...thanks"
"We buy him the Canadae food."
"just curious. always interested to talk about SOLs getting in the way of learning"
"who you kidding, honey? we are ALL sweating in this heat. even indoors in the AC."
"how come when I check in to the exact same thing as on of my friends, I don't get the same sticker (specific KY Derby)"
"\"I'm not living if your not by my side!!\" - Nicki&&Chris!"
"I've never heard anyone but you say that. And when JB throws himself w/ no chance of getting a shot off hes not very skilled"
"RT if you liked"
"I like it when I feel the rust upon my fingers."
"Guy just got mad at me for not having a lighter. Sorry man, its not the 90s. Smoking isn't cool."
"#AtlanticWoW \"That which we value, we seek\""
"Stupid question, but whats a \"TWITCON\"?"
"Have you thought about working with Jack to add functionality to Vooba rather than starting from scratch?"
"Smokin a fat One sittin on The porch listening to jimmy buffet...how pimp is that"
"logie dont like the twitter land to see his sad or bad side& when sammy started making him mad, he didnt want his tweetfam 2 no"
"I love you! Miss you too mentor!"
"Half of the kids probably brought their teddy bears off their beds , brung them to school , & made it like they are special lmao"
"The females on there bother me. I do not need to see personal pictures of so and so with their family from hacked Facebooks"
"District governor Munandi Suresh from Bangalore is here sharing their projects. As a district they have collected 40,000 units of blood."
"Whoa, I haven't hit my allotment before. I'll make that my new goal :)"
"#dontbelate Center lane blocked. STALL, NB- I-25 AT THORNTON PARKWAY--CENTER RIGHT LANE"
"Pig 'n' whistling it! #hollyholla lol"
"Won 2bets an hour in pretty tough mixgames and not tough o8 this week. Plus got to play big O and PL badugi for first time o_O hooray"
"Teacher: Didn't you hear me call you?Pupil: But you said not to answer you back!"
"Site worked for me.. Maybe you should point at the screen like Franky Fransisco... :P"
"“: Keep your head up, We win and lose as a team. With Class.”"
"Did some guy just walk into the coffee shop with a 17\" laptop and full size wireless keyboard?"
"Who watched Stick and Move Dance Crew members dance last night on America's Got Talent? Represent!!!"
"Anyone know of any shopping centers looking for an agency to mange their social media and online marketing?"
"Seeing The Avengers in 3D because 3D was our only option. Was it shot in 3D? Hope so."
"\"I want to tell you all that is in my heart, but I can find no words. Only this -- I love her with all my heart & soul.\""
"just finished 80 thank you emails....fingers sore! No pain no gain :)"
"Haha the game just had Vikings ups and downs! ROFL! Ups haha thats funny."
"Dance from your soul!"
"I rely on tweets 4 marketing our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad."
"Thank you to our fantastic #NACUA members for making the 2011 Annual Conference in SF a great success! Already excited for Chicago 2012!"
"It would be sad if quit singing.. If he does then I would be that person to hunt him down and make him change his mind(: <3"
"I CAN'T WAIT TILL YOUR LA CONCERT!!!!! IM SO EXCITED!! I HOPE I'LL GET TO MEET YOU!!!!"
"Apparel Magazine just selected us as one of the “Top 40 Innovators” in the industry! Keep an eye out for a profile on us in their May issue."
"#PeopleShouldStop Bullying and discriminating. We are ALL created equal. No matter race,religion or sexual orientation."
"Happy birthday to another Broadway legend and one of my first Broadway heroinesg Patti LuPone!"
"Thank you for liking it! I so hoped you would."
"I am so lucky to get to spend the afternoon with my children & grandchildren to celebrate Christmas. I am truly blessed."
"Just got an email from Amtrak saying that I *may* have been exposed to measles. Gotta love train travel."
"You're welcome!"
"I made a work twitter page! Follow me for school and community gardening and nutrition education tweets :-)"
"That fictional book is now more powerful than the man they suppose to SERVE"
"Enjoying Shark Week on the discovery channel."
": Oh, and I'm defrosting pizza dough. Sharing tasty inspiration. Go us! :)"
"Fox is opening programming portion of the presentation with New Girl"
"I aint doing nothing..at work..dealing with nothing but crazy people today oh my goodness"
"I feel dat nigga when he said sometimes I feel like I'm working just to work harder!! Let's get it"
"In observance of the holidays, we will be opening our doors at noon on Sunday, April 7, instead of our regular 9:00 A.M. opening time."
"that look really suits you :)"
"Today's Tip 4 employers: Manage your unemployment and workers' compensation costs with temporary staffing. Call us to learn how 414-272-4544"
"Haha \"Who Brought Honey With No Pancakes\"Hahaha"
"WOO OK"
"You here for ADI?"
"and I are bringing the heavy heavy monster sound down tonight. no cover. 9-2"
"It's weird not having anything to do right now. Normally, I spend Sundays procrastinating, but I have nothing to make me procrastinate now."
"#Paul Shrug is following me, How cool is that?"
"Amen : What a day!!!"
"Nice! We should go play soon and get to go play too."
"even if no one comes tomorrow, I will still be coming, because you guys rock me so hard."
"TATTOO SPECIAL REAL ART SHIT BRAND NEW INK"
"I love using Chrbit for making audio bktalks, and the QR code app for making a code to put in the book!"
"Thanks for following 😝😝"
"Damn, I REALLY need to see Avengers again. I haven't felt this way about a movie in a long time."
"He opened the show w Obi Wan & Luke watching R2D2's video projection of hardcore pornography instead of Princess Lelia's cry for help."
"Study Abroad Myth: I should study abroad my junior year. FACT: The \"best\" time to go is different for everyone. Visit CIE for more info!"
"Definitely. They'll make things exciting this season for sure."
"Win or lose, we still booze!"
"My Uncle, \"I don't know their [Sharks] prospects like the Pens so I don't know if they gave up a lot\". Continued"
"RT : boring realtors for boring people. you have your niche! :) - NICE CALL on that one!"
"Honey Pig!"
"I think you should've won all those awards you were nominated for. Good luck next time!"
"RT : Happy stdt \"Thanks for encouraging me to go to Digigirlz. I learned so much & had a great time!\" You R so welcome."
"Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and non-sourdough breads. Call (703) 519-8020 for info!!"
"When others get mad because I don't give a fuck <<<<<<<"
"Looking for some good new music. Any suggestions?"
"I haven't changed my BG in like two years. Because what it says hasnt changed and never will. I'll always be proud to support"
"no D; my brother took my laptop is iT good ? :D"
"Woman on top position helps women build confidence in bed"
"haha true that. You Feeneys really now how to party, that's for sure. And of course he is, its hard to go to Cal and not be haha"
"Making friends with a cat is a lot tougher than hitting it off with a hooman, or just about any other species outside the reptile world."
"Coffee date with Ivette. Rain or shine! :)"
"you going? I love."
"Heading to my twinnys house ✌💋"
"I just got back from Key West, so I should be home everyday for the rest of my life :>"
"you staying for the hole trial"
"You're my soul mate."
"Oh..my..freaking..gosh.this story is absolutely boring about two rats moving cheese!"
"I had to unfolow because twitter put a limit on my followers and unfollowed pepl by itself"
"empty the clip on her 😂"
"The best days are the ones that start with sunshine and end with moonlight"
": Thanks! Hope you enjoy it!"
"regular yoga teacher at the Y was in an accident and hurt her hand. we had a sub today, but she's not a yoga teacher. frustration ensued."
"i was wearing a red shirt..with white ou hat"
"im coming up there on the 30th"
"#Glee or #fun.? Can I join?"
"YAY! Congrats to for being voted NJBIZ's #29 Best Places to work in NJ for our employee size! So proud of everyone on the team!"
"Don't know what Moises Alou is doing besides shopping @ Scottsdale but he looks like he could still be pissed @ Bartman!"
"Rest in Peace George. You didn't go down without a fight..."
"Omg (': RT : “: The origins of \"le\".” knock that shit off"
"The VP of marketing & ticket sales just took the mic & chatting her 17 year position w the"
"ah c'mon kid can't be goin against my like that. That's what you get"
":o) thanks for the follow sexy!"
"Written in a cheeky way, not offensive. Catchy headline for fitness offer that I wouldn't be interested in."
"Then U need to start paying me RT : needs to stop playing me."
"Goigng to school on time feels weird o.O lol"
"thinking hard as hell....idk what to do so many things going through my head"
"Hello Twitterverse... the last week has been a genuine roller coaster. I'm not sure where I am in the ride at the moment... but I'll figr it"
"Did you know that we sell Sonicare toothbrushes for kids and adults in our office? Keep your teeth squeaky clean and pick one up today!"
"you better dude!! or i mean are you hanging with melissa as planned? :O"
"I got all my final grades I'm still holdin a 3.5 and I only got 3 classes next semester and I'm done"
"There are three kinds of people in the world. Those who are good at math and those who are not."
"Got time to chat tomorrow?"
". nope... pure correlation between the 2. Losing and a guy painting himself orange and thinking he is part of the team. Get out!"
"Well dream big and make it count!!! RT : Don't bother me when I'm dreaming, don't bother me when I'm dreaming!..."
"you tried Fuel City Tacos or Tacos Y Mas yet? I like tacos."
"know one told you to be all drunk up and lose your finger shot lol......"
"thank you!! You as well ;)"
"That moment when you wish you could take back anything thst hurt them and have back the memories and connection with them </3"
"Ready to go back to work tomorrow after my weekend in so much fun, and ziplining was awesome!"
"congrats, we're about to hit chicago soon. How was traffic?"
"solidarity - keep us posted"
"umm...you were in Nashville and didn't call me??? :)"
"thank you:)"
"I live dangerously!? I tweet and drove only in #Memphis HAHA"
"thats what ive benn doing but the numbers keep dropping"
"Time to"
"Mishel: In polls, 38% of people say that they or someone in their family lost wages or benefits in the last year"
"#beforetwitter, only my facebook friends would know that I did not enjoy the sour milk I just drank"
"Are you watching Homeland? I don't have Showtime but I'm considering adding it to Netflix."
"Back on the grind after 3 insane weekends"
"Last day this Saturday of '04 alum Steven Riddle's \"Radiant Fields\" @ Nudashank, 405 W. Franklin St., 3rd Floor, Baltimore"
"\"boss is mad at me for coming in to work unshaven but… if I don't have a little hair down there I feel like a little boy.\" °_°"
"Dr. Hansen to blue tail flap: \"It kind of hurt me and (trainer) Mike's (Maker) relationship. We're going to have to talk it out.\""
"Easier than watching them in NYC."
"I knowww, this summer! (:"
"What he said ---> RT : will we be getting the announcements on the other events soon to save money on travel?"
"I am getting a new Verizon phone. Any tips on what model is best? Thinking about the Droid..."
"Cheek , neck, and forehead kisses are cute (:"
"when's the big 0 birthday?"
"Lebron please don't leave"
"At the governor about to interview Cindy from the link for women!"
"People who don't know how to turn off their ringtone in the slc should simply"
"yes. I always think that crossing the bridge over the river at the dog park. Maybe it's my amisitclavesphobia"
"The Girl With A Dragon Tattoo - beautiful to look at, completely emotionally muted. I'd blame the Swedes but Bergman's work says otherwise."
"Didn't make it to work at 830_so lazy"
"weve gotten so many out throughout the county i dont even know! how is it for you?!"
"My dude finally getting some legit face-time on NBAtv's \"The Association\" lol! Bout time!"
"I will never forget saying girls take shots better because they give head 😭😂😂!"
"I posted your link to your books in the Ohio and Michigan communities on Facebook. It has been posted on the Youth site"
"Yes - I think it's an extremely fascinating text, and one that I find myself referring to quite often (esp. Matsumoto's essay)."
"Yes! Thank you... RT very nice of Macy to think of people who ain't got a mom"
"RIP Junior Seau. He was my football idol growing up and the reason I wore #55. So sad."
"i hate waiting for people to finish gettin ready to go out esp. cuz i take like 5hrs to get ready!"
"In a good mood :) On my way soon to the church, going to help a bit, then work more on my sermon!"
"On the contrary, he very clearly referenced the Greece-Turkey population swaps as a possible example for I/P."
"\"I'm gonna agree that it was a bad idea\" Hahah I love"
"Niggaz sound dumb when they say they used to be chillin in jail."
"shut the hell up face"
"Helping my mom in her 3rd-grade classroom today. Its been 1.5 hours and I'm already exhausted. God bless #teachers!"
"Maybe the bookstore model works better for libraries than it does for bookstores?"
"Love coming up with a biz idea that everyone you run it by can't find glaring flaws in...."
"Bless you mighty man"
"Got my Dayglow ticket yesterday."
"#10songsthatmotivateme Garbage - I'm Only Happy When It Rains, Breaking Benjamin - Diary of Jane"
"The answer to our #hunt question will be found on , you can win deliciousness."
"g noon what's up sis"
"Don't Hate, Cauze I'm 619 Strait Born, And Riaze! Know Your Rootz %} !!!"
"When suit shopping, always take a buddy. 2d opinion, Salesman buffer, more fun, better results. Thanks for the help today, !"
". asked \"did drivers get the message?\" re: bike demonstration, and i say - no, because they probably couldn't find a parking spot. ZING"
"That's a good one, but have to put them n tier 2 “: UCONN might have a case otherwise I'd agree #ncaabb”"
"That damn tv just scares the hell outta me."
"Cause that's what Lafayette needs...."
"Never thought I would be saying this but........I shouldve kept my black ass in Lawrence. Corny white folks trynna be black disgust me"
"At least Luck will have a kicker who can make an easy field goal to win a game!!! The Colts better get that LUCK Jersey ready to sell!!!"
"The efficacy of my brain is directly related to the amount of sweat in my training."
"Yhuu Should Follow Me!!"
"Thanks Lauren! I'm mildly obsessed with DVF. You know I got it on sale ;)"
"Haha wow jessica"
"5 months what?"
"Dear migraine: you have horrible timing."
"Ever considered a Krav Maga class?"
": The love an #Aquarius can give is more profound than a million Roses they give their love to the full extent don't lose that"
"Baby I can't be with out you."
"Good luck to my friends , , , , and also , who are all playing at SxSW"
"Glad you are so excited to be tour-trained! Know you are gonna be one of our best!"
"Yupp. And that 45 line Latin translation!"
"Hey FUCK THE MAVS ITS STILL WADE COUNTY"
"Also a big #FF to our great programs for transition, social skills & Friendships:"
"Thank you so much for sharing the video!"
"Monsters coming back out onto the ice."
"watching \"Take me out to the ball game\""
"Can you plz follow me for a day so I can DM the ebay message?"
"\"There was a wild Carnival – spiraling, blinking, blinding and terrible at the Dawn of Being...\" now available through the Underground."
"Sometimes I just eat the leftovers from dinner rather than putting them away."
"Once a month I get this \"feeling\" that makes me not really want to have kids in the future... This week has given me that feeling...lol -__-"
"City council chambers packed, SRO. Lots of SCAN supporters here. Thank you!"
"We're headed to NAB in Las Vegas next week. Then it's home to finish up the last few bits we have to shoot on The Red Rider! Woohoo!"
"Watching retards at the doggy park.."
"OK, so we don't know what they do exactly, but we're delighted to be followed by - Latin American Willy Wonka candies??"
"If u see how i act at home u wouldnt recognize me"
"im on it!"
"just did my hair its a different hair style for me i will post a picture."
"See y'all mañana"
"I'm pretty sure I only flirt with girls that I'm guaranteed to have NO chance with....like bartenders and dental assistants."
"In politics, as in most parts of life, timing is everything. Jump on a political campaign too early, risk a broken heart... and unemployment"
"Me watching #fridaythe13th Door shuts abruptly Girl: there's something out there! Me: no shit Sherlock"
"HATE is a strong word!"
"im jealous of the seventh graders. I wanna go back to dc!!!"
"wanna bet? ;)"
"Haha. My practice gear for basketball. #ThatsGangster. (:"
"Show tonight at Philamoca on 12th street in Philly. join us DO IT ;D"
"I'm sure you'll find plenty of places to enjoy the Gusto when you're here!"
"has been such a success that we are extending it until Oct. 31!!! Book ur $50 treatments 2day!"
"I can't believe all the personal stuff I used to post on the internet. I have grown so much now!!!!!!!!!"
"I regret NOTHING of what i said to Ian Eastwood."
"Seeking a German Localization expert who wants to work at a world class MMO studio... Email if interested -"
"Me and are singing International Harvester like a boss.(:"
"Joshua just stole that song from James."
"wanna tweet me and make my life?"
"kewl(: & omg ur so lucky bcuz Austin is going there this weekend. Are you gonna meet him this weekend???(:"
"Hope had a wonderful birthday 😊😁😜"
"it was awesome meeting you!"
"Check out the New website www.doniellemoniquephotos.com"
"oh! why do i love yogurt so much?"
"The Facebook Paradox: Mulling over your News Feed, thinking, \"These people have absolutely no life,\" then realizing...they are YOUR FRIENDS!"
"Thanks!! It's a Robert Talbot! Thanks for watching!"
"Sup sexy, how's it hanging today"
"Just got two new colors in: neon pink and neon green! Stay tuned for us to put them up on the shop :)"
"*you're"
"Best wishes from Alexandria, Va! We're rooting for you."
"Yesterday's blasphemy is today's old news."
"hey tiff whats going on tonight. I kind of want to get out."
"Really! Its way to hot for this Went to a wonderful restaurant in Pittsburgh out door seating for lunch, I'll just sit inside with AC=Me...."
"Grading Arthurian-lit test. Standard \"gotcha\" question: who steals Guinevere away in Layamon? (It's only Lancelot in later works.)"
"We're giving away #UWM mobile tshirts at the Union right now!"
"what's the marathon for?"
"Yeah. I saw some of that last night. I thought the idea of livetweeting an opera was pretty cool...the execution hurt to watch."
"going to get my dress fitted"
"So how was the weekend Milwaukee?"
"We make fun of ourselves too much so I thought it was funny to see it turned around on the bands for once. haha"
"Ugh, I want those freaking Jeffrey Campbell Nokea's!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"supports 's #campingban. I'll have my pancakes elsewhere."
"just chillout. Kevin gates - brains blown out . Look hard simba all the answers are there"
"The SD River isn't the place to dump linoleum and foam insulation. What we put in the river washes out to our beaches & bays"
"Thanks for the retweet!"
"lol yeah your bus driver scares me"
"We're super excited and proud! We won a for our nuvoH2O Infomercial with our advertising agency Thank you so much!"
"Hmm love talking to I new girl and really hitting it off:)"
"ep!Ur welcome X) tht song is everything I felt but in a song! I love it!U guys shud come to bakersfield! Tht wud be awesome!"
"What's the app for android phones to upload videos to fb??"
"Oscar Time! is gifting #handmade #pottery earrings to #celebrities #Oscars #GBKOscarsLounge via"
"SPH Dean John Finnegan welcomes those watching online. Where are you tuning in? Let us know!"
"RT : Retailers Should Use Their Online Properties to Offer an Evolved Shopping Experience: A new report from the NPD ......"
"Hustle class on now with Larry. Tango and cha cha lesson next then its party time! See ya!"
"fuck you and your loud flocker"
"We Haven Da Most Stupidest Argument"
"hahahaha its the pain of being artistic haha... y couldn't we have been water polo players, Alwyn?"
"That is great - congrats!"
"The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything."
"Done! RT : Hi #Followtag if you are #startup #socent #Innovation or #entrepreneur follow us both"
"that's a conundrum! What are your priorities?"
"Yes they will. They're not going to risk damaging that kind of talent. No team would these days."
"Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! Hope to be back to Minneapolis soon!"
"we're glad you like it here! :) We hope you have a wonderful stay at !"
"beautiful sister. How are you? Did you see I launched my website?"
"no they're not! You sound good!"
"why you so cool?!"
"\"Strapped Down My Bed. Feet Cold And Eyes Red. I'm Out My Head.\" \"Am I Alive, Am I Dead?!\" From The Song, \"Rosetta Stoned\" by TOOL."
"I'm going to kill someone in school today."
"i screenshotted that from a twit vid lol, did u watch it?? ICE TREES"
"come to think about it, i was always that dude in the classes w/ no attractive chicks."
"#BGC9 is gonna be the shiiiiit."
"now I do!"
"The smartest thing about paying $4 for a bottle of smart water is that you can refill it and look like you're ballin with your tap water."
"Sox loss is gain!"
"sounds like a win/win situation to me"
"Cooking channel : great tips for quick and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Bobby Flay"
"thank u homiee."
"Heading to for the opening reception of “American People, Black Light: 's paintings of the 60s”"
"almost fell over standing up to turn my head upside down to see! lol"
"I kind of wish it was the shoes. That's way more fixable than the brokenness of my post-pregnancy body. LOL"
"Consider three important system principles: \"1) You don't get what you expect. You get what you inspect. 2) When you deal in..."
"I got my hair done! Yay! :)"
"Happy Mother's Day to all the single teenage mothers out there. To those who are struggling, to those who wanna give up. You're beautiful."
"umm and who in world are u calling girl u ain't my mother retard"
"Just Announced!! South Region Elite Slamfest - Travel Sports Super State Event, Austin Tx, 5/19-20,2012"
"Anyone have a link to a live feed for the game #mufc. Looks like its on tape delay in my neck of the woods."
"or split-infinitives, etc"
"We have an app for that! #SalesTouch Mobile offers cross-platform iOs/Android tablet interactive sales presentations; see us !"
"Our first HYDRO (YES!) #BhutJolokia! We've been trying to make these 5 #GhostPepper plants flower indoors for almost 6 months!"
"alas, truer words have never been tweeted."
"xoxo will do! Owe you a birthday meal :)"
"if you are a lilwayne fan tweet and say lilwayne"
"Thing I learned about myself when moving today: at some point between the ages of 22-24, I decided owning half of ikea would be a good idea."
"So excited to be planning our premiere screening! Battling exhaustion to do so but dammit we're gonna have a kick ass party!"
"then go to sleep! lol"
"I now know how I would react driving thru/in a tornado. Not pretty."
"Tip: Retweet any concert announcements you find interesting in Plano!"
"Thinking I'm ready to make this announcement TOMORROW, instead of Monday! What ya'll think??"
"You're very welcome. We find your hats simply divine."
"Streak is 17-0 dating back to the first half. 2nd long stretch we've seen #Temple go scoreless for 4 or more minutes."
"oh yeah i remember that.. u should post a flick.."
"Sorry I'm not Mike"
"....Your relationship status is going to change soon...You want to know how I know? each time you start ignoring me, a week later it changes"
"talking to my dad on the phone about him getting a passport and going to India...this is his life dream.."
"All this Polo on iGot Horse POWER ' llsss"
"i love how my tweets increase almost right along with my followers"
"I can make u some, :D"
"DVR'd the Grammy's- caught up on twitter and FB this AM so now we know what to watch& not to watch. Social media has saved us time. Thanks!"
"“: I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way”"
"thanks again for the follow"
"Where can I see himym episodes of the 7th season online ?"
"Fish are friends, not food!"
"I'm starting to feel your hate towards these spammers bro"
"HELP! I need some more followers, I am at 666 followers, show me some #Jesus love and help me out of this!"
"Being Crazy keeps you from going Insane ~ Waylon Jennings"
"On the ground, driving a Mustang, headed to the beach oh yea Tampa"
"bro that's tragic. sad to hear most def. smh I think he pulled the trigger on himself"
"at least next year's schedule will be easier! still loving the #colts - we will get thru this!!!"
"Awesome partners in crime"
"Losing the people I need one person at a time <|3"
"\"but nothing shakes me like your love does.\" <3"
"Them #subway rasberry cheesecake cookies are fucking flame"
"October youth football scores announced - TCPalm"
"Grady on DL again with the same knee injury... SMH... maybe its not meant to be Grady"
"I'm sorry, you're just an easy target. lol"
"Fleury has now made two HUGE saves for the #Pens. This game could easily for 3-2 despite the #Flyers only having 9 shots."
"I was made to be a mogul"
"haha oh I know!!!"
"A lady dance party just broke out for Spirit Is The Spirit. Get yourselves to the brick!"
"What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds. - Wayne Dyer"
"If you like football, nonsense and useful fantasy advice, you must read"
"WTF SIXERS ARE WINNING......these old celtics better but some Bengay on they knees..and WAKE UP"
"I'm so glad you corrected me, with the wrong month. You genius you! :)"
"Had an awesome time Bravi dinner. Want to thank The Keilly's (JMK) for great bday dinner and St Patty's."
"OK, Charles Barkley is done and so am I. Good night to all and Happy Mother's Day."
"except for that :)"
"common sense: If the first Man was gay or the first Women did not like men there would be no human race!"
"Next up, the amazing Vicki Clark!! I just love #juniorleague consultants!"
"Wondering how many times people will try to be funny tonight & tweet something like: \"At the Hunger Games...at my house! Pizza on the way!\""
"The first police car was used in 1899 in England"
"The Old Ones are here!"
"i can't wait."
"yummy combo!"
"Gulick coming up fast"
"thanks for the shout out-slash-writer's welcome. ready to put in some work, so be hard on me!"
"Are you looking in a specific area of SEA? We're not part of RW but we'd love to have you!"
"Jealous and hungry"
"Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most.\" Buddha"
"haha gotta love my giant windbreaker, it really makes me look pro"
"I hate waking up and realizing that I fell asleep on you. :("
"But not THAT pair!! I need those illusion Loubs in my life."
"These lavish luxuries are not just giveaways, they are carefully thought out promotions that will elevate an existing brand."
"I know I was joking. Rivers will have a rough go this season. They wiil need some help in the draft I think."
"Oh is it follow Friday? Do take me back a year to two years ago and tell your friends about us."
"\" Anything that is measured and watched, improves. \" -Bob Parsons, founder, Go Daddy"
"so Bill Clinton was conservative then?"
"Once people get tax returns, Orbital Spaceflight sales skyrocket. Crossing my fingers that my 10,000th cold call is the take-off point."
"Wad ya win?!"
"Excuse me #LAKERS but you do NOT blow a 19 pt lead on the damn"
"The team is thrilled you're loving the slim cropped! Next we can get you into our #NEW Bright #1969 Legging Jeans!"
"Attack of the show(:"
"thanks I thought it was injury related. & by the way I hate Duke! Ugh Go Eers, Beat Duke.. Although want Sparty to win it all"
"Happy Summer! Today at 1316 it's officially Summer, & according to one weatherMAN a big \"S\" will zoom across the sky!"
"Had a lovely day with Alex Holland and the crew!"
"Bad by the Cab :)"
"Stalking the keg fridge with $1 pints for Cha Cha Karaoke Night. Monday party time!!!"
"Alternative #bass: Warwick FNA Jazzman (maple body, active electronics, 5-string) >> strong smart sonic"
"Yay chores! Maybe they can help me stack my wood later."
"Healthcare Staffing is showing greater trends in growth then other staffing segments"
"Sephora and Ulta are helping to slowly make the makeup counter environment obsolete. Although it'll still have some bang for a while longer."
"hey Megan thanks for following us! :)"
"Anysone looking to pre-order Guild Wars 2 to get in the betas?"
"i did the same. so shh."
"On the other hand, you have different fingers."
"good game man"
"Driving home from late gig rocking my bro Adrian Blu Ill Street Blu Vol 1: Ballad of a Man. 'Thinkin 'bout you make me feel alright...'"
"im from cali, but i live in chicago now"
"Disappointed that the Bright Eyes show in Louisville is on a Tuesday."
"Had a good set at San Jose"
"Everything I never dreamed of happening has happened this week. And im only half way through this vacation."
"Bobby Brown’s Official Statement Explaining Why He Left Whitney Houston’s Funeral"
"lol yu get on me yu know what time it is"
"I was surprised by how long it took to recover from jetlag. Is TX as hot as Vietnam?"
"Watching Sweeney Todd c:<"
"I hate that friend of your roommate that constantly comes over without asking and is always being dramatic."
"Going to watch two crazy kids get married. Me? Sorry, ladies, I'm already hitched - to this damn head cold."
"Wednesday Sean Special...free blowdry (that's a $45 value) with the purchase of 3 products from the Quenching, Mending or Thickening lines!"
"SB320 was tabled last night. This bill would have dealt a blow to NM homeowners wishing to sell property with owner financing. Yay!"
"HI. SORRY FOR THE LATE REPLY, I WAS IN ZUMBA ;D"
"we'll need to leverage social media to help promote #PONYRIDER (jk it sells itself)"
"R.I.P. Bubba Smith!"
"Australia lowers travel warning for Indonesia. Prepare Bali for yet another huge influx of Aussie tourists! Here they come!"
"We'll see you in the B1G title game."
"OMG I laughed my ass off watching the sneaking around Kevin Spacey's house/cat attack scene in Horrible Bosses I almost died LOLing"
"u inspire me to believe that there is a guy out there that will treet me right"
"get stoked, it'll be EPIC!"
"good shit big bro"
"what's your dream date? <3"
"and are looking and SOUNDING amazing this afternoon"
"my nigga really giving me the silent treatment wtf"
"The Black Keys - She's Long Gone"
"#Blackboard. My fav feature R9.1-better integration bw Course and Content system via Course Files. \"Your Window into Content Collection\""
"JVR and SIMMONDS are Horrible. The Flyers havent been the same since JVR came back."
"\": Perfect day to smoke in tennis\" my wrist is feeling a little better......soo maybe ill humiliate u around 4."
"Pretty excited about the amount of walking I did this weekend. Also for this cherry amaretto coconut ice cream i'm about to house."
"I don't think I could ever get enough of the spicy mama ramen at Ping."
"I know it's free pizza and I shouldn't complain, but sonofabitch, just gimme a slice a cheese. Keep it simple."
"please play ZOMBIE tomorrow, PLEASE :)"
"funny - sort of thought fed would be US downfall... Diplomatic of him to bow out and leave it to Pico, eh?"
"my suggestions either walk to Dunken or eat one of her health-nutrition-bars (first choice trumps the risk of abduction i think)"
"MVC3 is gonna PWN the gaming world"
"grab somebody sexy tell them hey"
"About to lock my tweets, shits dumb getting in trouble for tweeting something"
"yur just bitter cuz I hav more followers than u!"
"Not fond of Twitter RT function. Can't see this type of RT in @ stream, can't favorite it, & doesn't show up in bit.ly conversation"
"This week, Send a suprise today! 800-321-2654 Free delivery Call Now!"
"Due to a suggestion from a friend, I believe I have the swagger to pull off the golf wardrobe of Ricky Fowler this spring/summer"
"get rid of them. If they see full shelves they think all is well. No point keeping them if the kids don't check them out"
"Thank you for providing me right. You only wanted to be with Emery. I never ignored you."
"no just give it to them haha"
"hopefully it's a clinching game"
"The more I learn about Romney , the more I really don't like him. Bully, silver spoon, anti-LGBT, anti helping poor, the list just grows.."
"aw short but sweet hey!.... This time next year fingers crossed! x"
"Welcome (soon) to our great city. World class eats and entertainment along the Healthline!"
"Trust me, I want to forget you! I do! You think its easy? You think its easy letting go of your first love?! Well news flash it isnt."
"Green is My Favorite Color, #followfriday because she loves green, and is a fun Tweep."
"Locally known as the \"Breakfast Counties\" are Bacon, Coffee, Cook, Crisp and Early counties in Georgia."
"- SO Pumped doll! Thanks for the RT! Xox"
"ok even I must agree with your statement.lol But definitely for a good cause!"
"“: I think I only used the F word a couple times at the reunion \"insider\"”"
"I can still take that picture of the tequila tasting if you like!"
"Hi! thanks 4 following. I see we're in the same industry"
"i live in la vernia right now, but yah, i talked to him last year"
"today was pretty freakin awesome also awesome: discovered via that I live two blocks from"
"Salsa tonight and every FRIDAY NIGHT! El CopaCabana Nightclub (4100 Central Ave) #ABQ #NM! Live Band & DJ! HAVANA NIGHTS!"
"Whatever you focus on will amplify -"
"I can finally get some McDonald's breakfast :)"
"Nap time "
"Yes I am flooding your TL about #BBW because I am an abuse survivor, I could have taken Tami face out and put in my ex..same anger and rage!"
"Everytime Jim says playoff run I punch a puppy. You want that on your conscience, Jim?"
"You can make calls and knock on doors from September until today but unless you vote, none of it actually matters. Make your voice heard!!!!"
"Can't explain how proud I am for these guys! Cool sweet guys. #Sanctuary :) miss you!"
"Fishy onion rings my new unrecorded single with smell ya later"
"lack of pass rush killed the #Packers was not resigning Jenkins that much of a loss?"
"Thanks CMU for hooking up my embedded capstone group with a Nexus S! Android emulation needs to be improved, it's so far behind iOS's..."
"20 people deep in every checkout line. All i want is something for dinner Insane!"
"A tear divides my heart and yours."
"Im cheap....when I go to a store I go straight to clearance.... Hahaha"
"Table read today for a new short film called The Dark One by Director John Dondero. I am playing a crazed villain in this one!!"
"My turtle is sleeping 😳🐢💤"
"lol your welcome!!"
"UNC not being broadcasted on The Fan...Princeton v Kentucky on now..."
"praying for your Mom Mark."
"FU AXL ROSE: Disrespect the R&R Hall of Fame and watch how fast we forget you. Axl who?"
"I'm finally getting the hang of the SAP Business Objects OnDemand reporting system. Not a small learning curve!"
"A Good Appetite: With This Mussel Sauce, One Spoonful Leads to the Next"
"hell yeah member when she did the splits and popped it"
"We dig your blog, Gia! You get Charlie's email about the cool event we're doing? Would love to have you involved! Holler."
"\"Tu es aveugle, ref!\" -- just practicing my French curses for tonight's #SKC game."
"have fun ;p"
"First time in H&M and not impressed rly, clothes too cheap"
"\"Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.\" - Mark Twain."
"CAPTAIN AMERICA was better this time around. Really enjoyed it. 3 out of 4 stars"
"Hey Robinson! We love you here in Jerusalem!"
"Arnold Bennett~ Any change even a change for the better is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts."
"Impromptu drive home, excited to see the fam!"
"The Dolphins must hate winning."
"We're trying to raise $100 for the WWF ... 10 cents for every new follower of this week! Please RT!"
"So what's your favorite song by We Are Defiance?"
"if you like chinese, try the bamboo house on the main strip, so good!!"
"\"if I were to have sex tonight... I would leave my shirt on.\""
"Self-doubt is the number one destroyer of lives."
"Check me out today on from 12-3pm PT. , inside the mind of Artest and another former Tiger swing coach takes a shot"
"I hate the shit you do.. * voice*"
"You are a pure genius, Grays Anatomy is one of my favorite can't miss shows but Scandal is by far your best work yet"
"does that also explain the Democratic Senate primary?"
"I'm not supposed to, but I'm taking breaks to work in the garden, too. It's currently 78 degrees here."
"Take adv of the retirement of the Shuttle fleet, particularly DISCOVERY to prep this gen of stds for the next cycle of Space exploration."
"“: {Blows a kiss at and } You both just turned all of the men and horny girl on.” Uh, yep! X"
"Music is the universal language of mankind."
"made #ThinkLikeAMan worth seeing 2x! Funny film; good message!"
"Guess what! I hit #SUBWAY for the buy one get one free deal and took care of breakfast and lunch. I feel productive already. #Bam!"
"Nice. Sounds tasty. I got some porter, of the robust variety, going right now."
"So I guess I'm not a real Drake fan :/"
"What was Jon Baker's unit ID on the show CHiPs? Answer: Seven Mary Three."
"I think it would be better as a movie."
"- you're awesome. I mean that."
"Radiation is officially kicking my a**. Skin is redhot burnt and I am bone tired. Thank goodness only 5 treatments left."
"Saw your tweet to So sorry to hear about your support experience. Our folks here on twitter can assist you!"
"bay am goin to slept. call you when i turn my phone on okay bay love you and slept good tonite dont let da bed bags get you"
"hm....I'll sleep on it."
"lol yea you would guy"
"Waiting to hear Dr Heidi Halvorson speaking on \"What Successful People Do Differently\""
"Great lunch at ! Thanks go out to Molly and !"
"Siri \"is very sorry but cannot take any requests right now.\""
"geocaching installation art; marketing make it happen"
"lmaooo B-) yess. Heating fixed in ya car now?!"
"delighted to see the sketchbook pages--also, that rufous hummingbird photo is lovely."
"TREE INFO-If you have tree damage from storms, make sure you get a certifed arborist. They can tell you what can and can't be salvaged."
"LimeWire is considering filtering out pirated content and is hoping to strike a deal with the music industry to be able to sell downloads."
"That's cool I'm Spanish as well I live in my u?"
"naturally i think it's completely possible. there are a lot of OTC supplements that could do it. But I don't know all sources."
"We turn't up tonight at the dukesters nite club 7733 reading road"
"bad girl club dude is intens !! Like i feel like Im watching a boxing match yo lol"
"Congrats! Great Paper..Help expose fam.law corruption in San Diego!"
"Thanks - Let us know of any ghost stories from Carmel :-) RT : Cool RT : Preparing for our Ghost Walk"
"With Christie deciding to pass on the \"not quite oval enough\" office, Papa John is getting into the presidential race."
"Worked too long today opening a safe...should have been a simple job,...but it wasn't!"
"LOGO coming soon fam"
"thank you for the RT! Merry Christmas!"
"Windows are open, the rain is gone and Joe Hite is playing your favorite tunes! Stop in and check one of our new wines!"
"Cinema has given us the means to explore the landscape before us, within us, and above us."
"tis a thing of beauty. Perhaps the most glorious thing I've ever seen."
"Looks like I'll be seeing #Madonna in Houston this time. Never been before."
"Looking forward to #dirtysoap tonight!"
"because Chik-fil-A is so awesome. We are def. lacking down here in South Fla!"
"Never look back. If Cinderella went to pick up her shoe, she wouldn’t of become a princess."
"Somebody has been sniffing a lot of the Palo Alto air"
"I saw a wood paneled station wagon and was scared that I traveled back in time to 1989. If so, I should soon be able to buy Crystal Pepsi."
"Best night in a while."
"i totally agree!!!"
"lemme know, ask and mgr will bring it in"
"Just got out of church for my little sisters baptism, now headed to breakfast at Mimi's. I'm starving!"
"Sometimes people need to stop texting and actually make a phone call"
"singing at THE UNDERGROUND WONDER BAR tonite 8-10ish, $3 beer, $5 martinis!10 E Walton. Hard week; give me some sugar 2nite, I'll sing 4u."
"Call me, so I can get it juicy for ya."
"Q: What is the difference between Windows 95 and Windows 98? A: 3 years"
"Yes, a couple long stories, actually. Too much for 140 characters."
"That be dat 9-5 bull! \"Oh brother...make it a double...\"😒"
"I know - when I speak I always say bullying of kids by ADULTS is growing - the world will NOT tolerate our kids. :("
"Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional."
"Why is school even happening right now..."
"thanks jacko was hoping for a rain delay to get a strasburg double header tomorrow :)"
"I didn't. Hahaa we just wanted to know when he got out."
"Missing the crew."
"This coming from one who loves to mix contrasting patterns."
"Just waking up n da mornin gotta thank GOD..."
"I believe the Twitter term is tweet chasers."
"A recent study has shown that playing beer pong contributes to the spread of mono and the flu. Yeah, if you suck at it."
"Oh Golly.(; I love that movie<3"
"calm down julia"
"I know! Only the blah \"retweet\"..."
"Good Afternoon, Houston! Don't forget tonight is Anime Night starting at 7pm. Tonight we will be watching Asian movies. Come join the fun!"
"so true. I am nicer. Deven just didn't know me back them. Fml.i don't wanna be a 5th wheel. #that'sawkward"
"The mustang is a horrible car too. Lol"
"I love me some NY style thin crust! In Seattle, and in San Fran. RT Best pizza ever?"
"oh man! My bad! Still cute. :)"
"At PSA Partnership Maryland Zoo event. CEO Hutchinson speaking. Photos to be posted soon on PSA Facebook Page. #in please share this."
"Manchester City wins English Premier League title JPMorgan CIO who will be kidnapped with Justice"
"Great gig last night at It'll Do.... had a good house.. even with the football games earlier in the day.."
"oh shush, yes you will. :p"
"Having an argument in the office on who gets to buy a certain Cavalli dress on - the boss lady wins!"
"Been way to busy this last week. New things in the works, just wait."
"New maps downloading! w00t!"
"Great decision, Chris. You deserve major credit for #thesiswp and the community deserves stability. Win."
"Happy Birthday! I hope your new year is just as amazing as you are!"
"Build muscle and strength"
"he stole home, hence making it one of the dumbest HBP ever. good thing the Phils scored more run or it would have been dumb"
"Serving size vs. portion size?: From: Michelle Mirizzi, MS, Registered Dietitian Find out the difference between serving sizes an..."
"Blown away by energy of social good Social Innovation Fast Pitch! Texas Pie Kitchen win = tears in my eyes! :)"
"I liked Logan better in 1. Also, the opening credits were so much better. :)"
"Is it Halloween today?"
"Watching great presentation by PBL reminds me of the Reggio Emilia philosophy where I first taught & inspires our media program"
"your welcome (:"
"but Alex you were upset yesterday!"
"Why is it that a product sold as\"Garlic Pepper\" has salt?"
"We do too--usually not #kosher.- all cooked in store. But we do try many product brand samples at"
"Oh, not sure. It didn't look like it was at half-mast or anything."
"no need to. You know who you are."
"Got to watch jarett bush do the dougie on a bar table last night.."
"always makes plays when crunch time, is just great at what he does.Won or Lose I'm still a #BaylorFan!"
"practicing handwriting and calligraphy"
"Headed to with for some good preso's on new age #media at"
"Woman comes into newsroom @ 6pm reporting train fire. 1 reporter intrvwd her, I called fire+train PIO, we wrote tog on GDocs. Online @ 6:25."
"She'll never know how hard it is to not get to talk to her."
"just left melt. We will see you in a few minutes."
"Lord please have mercy upon the ones who are trying to live right. This world is getting crazier&crazier"
"\"One minute, they're having a Denver omelet, the next, they've got a gun in their face\"."
"What type of accent is it?"
"I love the outfit you have on in your icon pic! Lemme get that tshirt and those jeans! I have a similar jacket already ;)"
"BOOZE IS MY WEED."
"you miss me all the time .  don't front"
"no I didn't I'll look now. I'm at the playground ;) I got that job at HBS. Also a call today for an interview for another.."
"Will it be swept under the rug when the cameras go?"
"ignore my last tweet. I just saw Jay's email."
"Today's Volunteer Wednesday spotlight is Children's Hunger Alliance. Volunteer to help with the summer feeding program at various..."
"Today is one of those days where you keep dropping your phone -___-"
"#TUFlive! Let's go! So excited!"
"About to break bread with new partners! That's the business."
"“: get a patriots one!!!!!” I will NEVER surrender! :)"
"Don't play the game if all you're going to do is lose."
"Yes. Indeed. Except like my pin says, \"it's all fun and games until someone doesn't get the sarcasm.\". Or maybe not."
"will y'all be there a while ?"
"As I say when offered German \"cuisine,\" \"I fear the wurst is yet to come.\" RT : It's time to hit the ground punning."
"I got u mama #fb \": #FollowBack\""
"did anyone else think the birthing parts were a little disturbing? loved the dance sequences though, gaga is queen"
"Advice on How to Start a Clothing Line From Well-Experienced Fashion Consultant Rodrick Rainey"
"Solo movie expedition to see \"Shame\""
"Goin fuck the college party world up this summer!!! ..........."
"do you think it's skunked now? :-)"
"If you want to see something depressing, read tweets from high schoolers."
"Heading to the airport for New Orleans and the Final 4. Excited to catch up with a lot of people!"
"Bunnies nachos Cindy! <3"
"id love to do this 1 dai ;) have fun!"
"The protest group in growing. Almost doubled in size."
"Nat Burton~ Therell be bluebirds over the white cliffs of Dover Tomorrow just you wait and see."
"Frank McNulty to #LPR2011 - reducing spending is the right thing to do in"
"Sad day for the city of Peabody and the Rice family. RIP FF Rice"
"Storytelling happens when we tell our stories, not when we watch others tell theirs - Jennifer Wilson on digital/participatory media"
"Hope you enjoyed Nightmare City. you need to watch it too."
"your pics r making me laugh! Thanks!"
"420 Yummies is going to be in Las Vegas next week for the CHAMPS Convention! If you're in Vegas be sure to look for us!!!"
"Gotta do chores which of course sucks assLMAO...tweet and follow later...listening to SKY SCRAPER by Demi Lovato...she's awesome..lol..."
"So happy I get to sleep in tomorrow :)"
"Is your wife a Gate gal, too? I could never get my guys hooked... That would be my dream guy, tho! hahaha"
"No, really it is spring! Stop by for all of your outdoor needs. Oh, you need a new Weber Grill...we have those too!"
"RT if you already know all the words to #SaySomethin ♥"
"2011:cool story bro 1836: interesting tale, my fine companion....."
"Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas out there!!"
"my throat hurts so bad ugh"
"Feet in general..."
"come play with us!!!!"
"is phenomenal. Best part of"
"RT : Teachers looking for a real-world news literacy activity will be interested in options available through Truth Squad...."
"Quizzo 8:30 Cranky Joe's in East Falls win 2 tix to the #Flower Show. Topics Music/Movies, Pop Culture & Only in Philly. Baseball beer round"
"Follow me"
"as incredibly intoxicating as you are in a brilliantly written series, the twitter'ers will be BANGING down your door! BRAVA!"
"RT : #Rockies end 4-game losing streak! Clinched a win in San Francisco. Back home tnite against #Diamondbacks. #Denver7 ..."
"Glad you like the modern vintage! Originally I thought it'd be some sort of faux pas to include- but they're just too darn pretty!"
"Speedbusters visits one way streets on Milwaukee's East Side. The \"one way\" many drivers seem to go... is TOO FAST! Tonight at 10, TMJ4"
"okay...i will no longer make plans ahead of time to go...i'll just go on random days so the weather doesn't decide to get all crappy..lol"
"I emailed the cit help desk lol I found my username but i don't have a password ugh and hence i can't register for classes"
"dammit Jake can we please just be bff's..."
"did I win? Lol"
"Morning Tweets x"
"Just when I thought I'd plateau'd on how many fun people I could meet at one company, I meet happy hour buds &"
"There are no stupid questions, just stupid people -Mr. Garrison"
"Yo' self sounds fun !! What should we bring?"
"i miss <3"
"Opportunity knocks"
"Stephen A. Smith>>>"
"It's on the bulletin board in my apartment building."
"Omg I wanna learn to salsa dance 💃💃"
"feels like its 5 am sitting in first bell"
"My brother talkin about he wanna Ferrari .. -_____- get yo big !"
"Glad that diversity in publishing is being discussed, but sad that it has taken so long. We've been in the game since '75"
"It amazed me by what happened this morning. One of my friends showed me a magazine that had a lot of Victoria justice pics in it."
"#thingsishouldsaynoto: my pillow cuz I really gotta do this paper"
"Today's soup: Creamy tomato and garlic. Don't forget"
"damn nice man! Keep up the good work looking good! Are you training at all or just lifting?"
"Put the brand first. It's been around 150 years. What can we do to ensure it's around for 150 more? Burberry"
"when are you having on the show w his new outfit?"
"First juicing experience today. Pretty good."
"Lol what's crazy is, the SAME people you guys talk about are the first people you tweet @ and bullshit with... Do y'all understand ANYTHING?"
"I'm impressed that you read to the end :) I do what I can for the poor battered souls at Bain Capital..."
"Storify is either getting REALLY popular in last two weeks, or they don't have the bandwidth to back up site/ipad traffic...."
"Aunt Gina isn't enjoying being childless and hungover for \"Take your child to work\" day."
"I'm going back too sleep"
"from Blog: Cities court retail development at"
"12 day work schedule whew I'm going in"
"When Do You Go Back To School ? :)"
"Lunch with my grandparents, I love them to death."
"Hi Jeannie!!"
"Just typed iDeal by instinct. What have you done Apple…"
"bad link"
"Happy Derby Day! The usual, our annual party at Fizz in Chicago! You? Watching on TV?"
"Don't remind me -_- Umm with the payroll coming down if they let Swisher walk they aren't getting Hamilton"
"cool h-wip? Keep your H-wips sharper. H-what? H-why??"
"#mythoughtsatschool when the fuck is this class over"
"\"Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth.\" Franklin D. Roosevelt"
"Leaving Chamblee HS...go Bulldogs and have a safe and fun prom!"
"Every weekend I'm moved to say the same thing: there's just no better show on TV than"
"LOL I love my family<3 they're crazaayyyy!"
"That moment when you go out with some friends and forget your wallet at the house"
"Just visited a farm with a deep connection to place. Inspiring to see a family farm that is honoring its past by building a bright future."
"Still not convinced? Psychic will be offering tarot readings on Saturday and Sunday. Are you too frightened to know the truth?"
"#Ravens have a ton of options tonight: Konz, Upshaw, Hill, Glenn, Randle, Martin...sleeper pick, though: Amini Silatolu, Midwestern State."
"Can't wait! RT I can't wait to get my on later this week!!!!! Happy Easter/Passover bunny wonders!!!"
"Doing some market research today, then finishing up the design, and then we get down to coding... Hopefully soon."
"2 finals left between me and Christmas break.."
"two more tweets and the done till orioles win!!!"
"damn we on our way now we at boomland"
"the curriculum mapping is good stuff. we have had at Oxy and her work sparked a lot of ideas"
"Monsters of folk! :)"
"Be who you want to be but be your self"
"i just don't understand. I must have done some fucked up shit in a past life."
"Pardon my language, but that was fucking fun!!!!"
"Just booked the flight to"
"can I get one?"
"We have and instagram ! Follow us creator_hxc!"
"The game is not about becoming somebody, it's about becoming nobody. ~ Ram Dass"
"I look forward to hearing your tweets on good things to read, ! You're the best!"
"Surprise guest (or 2!) at tonight's fiction fest! See who at 8pm, Orpheum."
"Of course havin an with my #lunch !!!!"
"Don't you want to take a leap of faith? Or become an old man, filled with regret..."
"I like to pretend the weight I gained this winter was for a movie roll, and that I now have to lose it for a \"gladiator\" type film."
"Let me know what you think of it. Going to HG next weekend once I'm officially on spring break :)"
"All that other shit is irrelevant."
"Hump Day Thursdays @ One Up W DJ HUMP Every Thursday Night DJ Hump will be Playing a Live mix of Top 40, Hip Hop, and Old School"
"So I slit his throat with my pocket knife."
"I'm with the FBI"
"\": #WhatEverHappen to Tony Hawk\" he became soo rich he was able to afford an ACTUAL Animorphism. Now he now gets sick air."
"We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc."
"Why is it that when couples aint married they wanna act married but when theyre married that can be married & are always clashing"
"Yeah I smoke I am a smoker and people know so I don't have to broadcast and tell the whole world every time I get lifted"
"He said don't worry everything is water proof!!! O_o"
"RT : Tim Rugg is pinning it. Adrian Hegyvary of leading chase. Blue Train in effect w/8 laps to go."
"Woot! Can't wait to see you ladies tonight! :)"
"Screaming and running around in circles banging my shovel, swinging it around like a baseball bat ...."
"I'd just like to know where all the money goes. $35 per article just to read, if your organization does not subscribe?"
"then we can go on our date!??"
"Hello! If you want to get our attention is the best account. The status one for service updates. :)"
"the supermarket may change inventory, but the essential ingredients will remain. Those are the ones we'll use!"
"\"Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis, when I was dead broke man I couldn't picture this\" - BIG"
"Wow at that #Whitney tribute on the #imageawards !"
"Omw to class last day"
"lmaooo I am I just did half an hour on the maquina :']"
"sorry if i cant follow u back!"
"Head in the clouds, but my gravity's centered."
"Just crazy, congratulations Kings."
"truly impressed by the look of the Delta \"Reach\" ad -- nice work!"
"Im following you:) now you should follow me?"
"Happy Thursday! What do you want to accomplish today?"
"Headed to the Miami Film Festival! And warm weather!"
"Didn't take long to encounter today's first Dumbass"
"no way"
"I love how every girl loves One Direction just now when they came on the X Factors OVER a year ago."
": Ben awesome news! Help get ten other people on board and voting Nathan on June 5th."
"On behalf of my cast and myself, thank you for believing in our show for the past 5 years.. We are truly grateful and owe it all to you."
"Port to the left, starboard to the right raise the sail when the winds just right"
"Just ordered 's cd"
"Never knew artichokes and spinach would taste so good together."
"Feelin like a proud mama! My three year old just picked a plum over fruit snacks!!!"
"You got money cause you wear a new pair of Jordans daily...but the logo bent?"
"trust me it's fun"
"My Mova is the baddest Chic I know!"
"I totally know what you mean. I feel the same way about French!"
"Tom Crean needs a haircut!"
"First run in months and I did about 2.5 miles.. I think I can be proud of that!"
"I'm always fascinated by the sound of music shows on TV. Usually, my bet is they sound better to the live audience."
"No traffic for my Friday drive! + listening"
"We will have live commentary from Adam Borders in LA at GLAAD Media Awards Use hastag"
"Congratulations Trey Burton on a -14 yd QB sneak on 4th and inches."
"All buckwheat dumplings, all the time. Is Astra actually on Twitter or is this wishful Tweeting?"
"Recovering from concert Wednesday, still!"
"Thanks for lunch today ! It was really cool to visit the mothership."
"If i'm sitting right there, and you have the audacity to talk about me why would you not say it to my face?"
"#CovertTU was just awesome! Soon we will post the aftermath on our blog. Watch for it!"
"Teehee! I'm in better shape! RT : It is embarrassing when a pregnant is kicking my butt on the ski slopes."
"Tell your friends to check out our beautiful #UnionTerrace today and ask them to Vote NO Oct 17-19th in the referendum"
"If we're talking #teamfirst, Cole putting his team behind 1-0 sending some weaksauce message 1000x worse than your Bryce example"
"Lies Lies Lies .. Must miss me a lot to keep forgetting lol"
"because he is made out of iron of course :P haha M i don't why? I guess I like his iron suit...2nd favorite, Captain America:)"
"less than five. <5 hope u had fun! :)"
"i'm sorry but u shud look closely at the bio space given :O"
"Just read it. It's a 5th grade reading level so it only takes a few hours."
"i did. i had homemade starbucks in the pot."
"when falls asleep on my couch and starts twitching and snoring... again > hahah XD"
"$SNPK what a recover..."
"woot!! attn: RT : I'm off to Milwaukee today. No madtown action for me...."
"Mine too! That reminds me... I need a few more live plants for my apartment. Sadly, my majesty palms didn't make it."
"Alex Smith, David Garrard, maybe a trade for some Tebow? Things are looking bright in South Beach."
"Ready for on Saturday. and I are pumped."
"Wonder if they give the President an ID badge like they do other Federal workers or if he just says 'Hi, I'm the President'?"
"#straightup weed is beautiful"
"The beer options at Kings games are limited to say the least."
"k but don't start until 9 so I probably won't leave until an hour after the usual time so I won't be able to take the bus withU"
"I will keep my comments ;-) rt \": Are you watching???? I can't wait to see her \""
"LOL! \"Anchor babies\"! They're coming I steal your whiteness, got it. Thanks, Michelle Bachman."
"Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much."
"Strange night. Cable is out and using my Vzw hotspot to connect to the net."
"Decent spot. RT : LB Emmanuel Acho drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the 6th round of the 2012 NFL Draft."
"Me-Do We Have Hangers?mom- No.Me-Ugh,Fml Mom-Thats Nothing To Fml About!if All Your Family Died And Then You Become Paralyzed Then Say Fml.."
"I'm essentially about to wear pajamas to the club..but swagged out and with heals i"
"no problem you okay wit me"
"Gotta do extra crunches after the shakes me & just smashed frm The Cookout!"
"lol I no"
"Ooh snap...so we should b haven a baby within these next 2weeks right??"
"Those are the eyes I want my future wife to have, clueless."
"Thank you for RTs and mentions!"
"\"Some people like to read their Bibles in the Hebrew; some like to read it in the Greek; I like to read it in the Holy Spirit.\""
"I only know my mom's side! My dads side is in Cuba!"
"damn red sox.."
"Post it notes, daytimer, outlook? What do you use for your time management tool?"
"no problem :)"
"Lets start this weekend already"
"No you don't, it's not 2011 anymore."
"haha thanks ;)) do u have facebook?"
"Glad that you like it! RT : Yo! Love the stickers!"
"today we will be in the pearl if you want a sample of our product. let me know"
"Good point. 2 of the 4 Dudes left & it quieted down. It was the 1st time we had any loud or distracting stuff. Hope its over"
"RT Headed back to Nashville in the morning... Video shoot next weekend... Life is good!"
". announces the Tavern League of #Wisconsin has endorsed him in the recall election."
"Not really... think of all that extra money your family will save not buying season tickets"
"Oh this preggo is gonna have to try that! =)"
"Ships today ;)"
"Nothing like curling up beside the fire... Of an HDTV. Let's just watch The Walking Dead"
"...it is my pleasure! Whatever it is you're dealing w/right now, push through to your rainbow on the other side... :-)"
"On 5/22 come to Scotty's downtown and listen to an education conversation with CH Academy principal and Exec director, Carey D. $5 donation"
"Nancy Pelosi says she supports abortion and gay marriage because she is Catholic. Does she go to church?"
"Im dying"
"Bitches Tryna Shoot Me With Potatoes..!"
"u need a picture"
"that made me laugh"
"APARTMENT 223.....VERY HUNGRY!!!"
"I just don't watch TV except for Big Bang Theory, True Blood, and Doctor Who. So I don't have a deluxe cable package."
"when are we hanging out!?"
"i dont have a link but its on the steelers website about the fan fest"
"exactly no patience!! Smh now she bald! Lmaooooo"
"In order to protect our belongings, my roommates and I will be adopting a rescue panther."
"Can't sleep. Second night in a row."
"I'll be dancing and rolling around in gold paint tonight in GOLDSLAVE, a graffiti theatre event. 5209 wilshire. BAR opens 9pm. SHOW 10pm."
"today my T.A. asked if we were done with the problem on the board so he could \"rub it out!\""
"Thx for the shout out! “: highly recommend the new Pacific UV, and the new Don Chambers”"
"Classic French."
"Thanks, Dan!"
"(c) that agreed with what hitler had to say and basically sided with him. Then we have to write how our opinion changes."
"oh my god aim o:"
"way to go!"
"#AllBad LOL RT : Deodorant is starting to give up on some folks"
"Driving to rehearsals! Bring on the Holidays!"
"#ChildHoodMovies the land before time"
"\": If anyone is ever texting & driving while I'm in the car, I will personally take your phone & throw it out the window ..."
"Check out CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,WE GOING IN,DOWN LOAD TUNE IN RADIO TO YA PHONE, ARE"
"Tearin' Up My Heart-*Nsync :D don't judge me!"
"How was everyone's weekend?"
"Props to for being able to pull a last-minute #drupalcon session out of his you-know-what."
"The moment I wanna be ALONE you come get me. -.- Ughh!"
"Sigh. Everyone is ignoring me. But, its good."
"Show them how. : Can't shove students into an online group project & expect collaboration, prep is needed."
"Best thing to see when you go to the pools is in the locker room ha!! It's when a hot guy is taking a shower naked and then dry!! HOT HOT"
"I got a bottle of wine, a bag of chips, a bag of candy and sum altoids at cvs for $8.95"
"Native Americans used to name their childre. After the first thing they saw after leaving their teepees. True??"
"thanks for the mention."
"About To Drop A Nuke In Bathroom."
"I remember I bought that. Smh. RT : Fuck I'm doing listnen to the Da Band album bruh"
"Remember that one time we got called ugly by that Mexican midget at bartini's?"
"Do you have a fancy to have a swim before lunch?"
"dude youll be missed get back on the air soon fuck #knr and those other worthless on air non talents except jerod though"
"plz tweet back"
"I'm going to take a nap in a little bit! I still need my sleep! :]"
"Identify and hone your work that could become timeless [Quotables]"
"Was great meeting you too next time I hope we'll have some more time to talk, I kept running off, so first drink's on me."
"I think I could watch kill people all day long."
"Hey, man!"
"I'm back on myspace, even though I'm probably the only one who uses it lol!! join me :)"
"are you guys doing any promoting at shows this summer?"
"Nice, GLOC! RT : we need to hook up so i can co produce this! good luck to you all!"
"Hehehe, my realtor just came over with a sold sign. Loosening the cranky pants."
"hahaha that's how I am! lol My baby brother came into my room saying \"bieber\" and \"baby\" lol"
"Just ordered my new glasses from ... time for some geek chic!"
"the only way to find results is by rising above fear and communicate!!!"
"Okay, I believe your the fucking mother of the year just as much as your son is believing your act."
"so, Wednesday rage fest?"
"no sweetheart. u go fuck yourself!"
"New Secret Life and Make It Or Break It (:"
"Goodnight ! Sweet Dreams❤I Love You Don't Forget!^.<"
"The Trucks are at Kendal Baptist Hospital Today for lunch."
"i get to see my loves #ICONicBoyzHitChicago its gonna be the best day of my lifee"
"UK is merking"
"Twas amazing. I was a police officer, hence your random sighting of me pulling out cuffs lol"
"see you at #bunnarchy Saturday!"
"haha yea they should have gotten Andy samberg as nick cage in this movie."
"Today's Message: Rescuing Rehab"
"who seen #boppo! stickers 'round town?"
"What book/author got you hooked on reading when you were a kid? Mine was Charlotte’s Web."
"I'm pretty sure I'm going to get married in about 19 years. I have a feeling this is the year my wife will be born!"
"\"And I'll do anything you ever dreamed to be complete - Little pieces of the nothing that fall.\" ::goo goo dolls::slide::"
"so how ya doin today"
"when and where is the game Thursday?"
"Don't look at 2 weeks or 2 days of ur life & allow it to account for all of ur life -"
"Go Big Blue!"
"Yes, I am once again tweeting about the beauty of Blackboard's rubrics. Because I could NOT be more of a nerd."
"We're open 11am-4pm today, T.B.A.G. specials & delicious galore!"
"- Thx! Pleasure to meet you too! :) PA/Loc Scout/ Coordinator? Multi-organizer! Yourself? Looking at May 8th, all day."
". so if you feel a call was missed its ok to make a dirty play on someone else?!? Guess I don't follow that logic"
"Anyone else think Matt Flynn looks like a cross between Matt Damon & Dexter Morgan?"
"Happiness is winning the family trifecta! Mom and both my daughters will staying with us this weekend! Happppyyyyy"
"awee, I miss you too! (:"
"Free Poutine? Where?"
"Oh I looked and it's hilarious! Fortunately curiosity got the better of me."
"he is a very under rated player!"
"Of Corse I'm gonna get Jealous, I like you Stupid ..."
"'Cuz he looks like John Stamos?"
"Big ol' \"Knife Sale\" sign on 8th street got me kinda hyped. The inner me is either a chef.. or a ninja. Or a ninja chef."
"Need to tan!"
"ma my hoodie on glow, just got slapped for calling my friends hoodie a hooded sweatshirt, just thought you should know."
"Tonight I found out that is freakin' awesome at ping pong."
"The government is us, you and me. - Teddy Roosevelt"
"I don't get it."
"I'd rather be swimming right now 👙🍺✌"
"“: 11pm tonight! Mercury Lounge 217 E Houston! Metal Ballerina + + SylvaDean&Me” come show support!"
"indianapolis stucco repair, indianapolis dryvit companies indianapolis dryvit companies indianapolis eifs companies, indianapolis stucco"
"My boyfriend doesn't even know how much trouble he's gonna be in tomorrow for falling asleep on me. 😡"
"Nothing good comes without sacrifice...nothing bad comes without consequence."
"okay, I walked up in this bitch fresher then a mother fucker"
"it looks cute boo"
"Best dream ever."
"Bail or Jail? Funny fundraiser returns"
"Haha okay ill get right on that!(:"
"That one person in class that wants to let everyone know their done by slamming their paper down"
"everybody cares about me!"
"I Cried When: I listen to moments and more than this."
"I grab you a Large Ray Rice Jersey lol"
"Thanks for making me aware of this article!"
"Thankful to live in interesting times. There's nothing cursed about the desire for liberty."
"I hate conceptual photography and love recreating Fabregé eggs."
"RT : I NEVER LIE ABOUT THE THINGS I HAVE ... I WORK HARD. AND IF I REALLY WANT SOMETHING ILL BUST MY ASS FOR IT."
"thank you for everything you have done for the fans and taps, may god bless u and good luck,THANK U"
"lol damn. most I've had is four. my buddy usually has six or seven."
"I don't understand the way men operate..."
"You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness."
"That sounds lovely! Where are you? I'm sitting on the deck overlooking Lake Erie."
"sounds awesome! I have no idea yet!"
"come on wit it...."
"Ha!! We were talking about this ridiculous young adult book I read awhile back called, \"Wanna Go Private?\" and DMing."
"Yes, thank goodness!"
"Redneck word of the day \"BEER\". she said she'd beer in a minute."
"I can't wait to get my hands on (in) that stuff! You rock that hairstyle, Malia."
"Does scheduling tough non conference games really matter to BCS conference teams?"
"I feel like a tourist in my own town. This place is just what we needed. Im sure bumper-side baggo will continue... But still, this is great"
"totally agree on both points, AG ..."
"Just queued up 50 / 50, starring Seth Rogen and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I want to have a threesome with this movie."
"vertigo is no fun"
"#np Let it be-The beatles."
"\"Nobody can go back & start a new beginning, but anyone can start today & make a new ending.\" The Dash Between The Years..."
"www.orangeshoefranchise.com is officially launched! Share with all who may be interested in franchise opportunities!"
"When your ex gives you your stuff back and it smells like beer"
"Cocktail of the day: Blueberry Lavendar Margarita- Tequila, blueberry, lavendar sugar, touch of lime. You're welcome Monday"
"Love you both more than you know!!"
"Why Fort Bragg Shooting So Late ? Like Stfu !"
"2012 NFL Draft: Grading Bears&#39; First Round Pick and Analyzing Round 2 Options"
"Its amazing how #Disney loses 200million on a film bombing, yet we can't feed the homeless!"
"Thanks so much to Peter & you for coming out. Really appreciate all your support :). Look fwd to having you guys visit SF!"
"#FF More Superstars"
"I've been workin' out my body, all the live long day. I've been workin' out my muscles just to pass the time away. Yeah!"
"Yes come to Playground. It will be a way to exercise your play muscles. With a music theme!"
"Tressel on campus at Akron, still sporting sweater vest - Columbus Business First"
"All u have to do is hit msgs and in direct message type in BIGTIMELOCO in the box below write wat ever n I'll reply ok"
"Man I wish i could get a puppy. Doggies are always right there for you. When you're sad, happy, whatever. You are their world!"
"im good headed to work"
"you're fucking annoying and you needa go home."
"Again, what does that have to do with the killing if Trayvon Martin? What's your point?"
"Check my book out on www.worthyofpublishing.com username Queen Regina"
"sounds relaxing"
"Chicago. Here I am. Waiting on the 29 bus."
"Mf's be tweaking.. Doin TOO much.."
"Jalisa in here tryna shoot me with this BB gun.!!! CALL THE POLICE SOMEBODY.!!!!!"
"I've decided not to give it away, but I'll be on a bit of a twitter break for a few weeks."
"I got a run in my tights, sitting in the stinkiest cab, 30 min behind schedule. And I forgot to eat breakfast. Pray for me, it's only Monday"
"actually, the classification literature totally avoids talking about shelving"
"Love is a beautiful and precious feeling. Dont make no mistake about it..."
"Seeing a lot of anger directed at me from #Athletics fans. I'm sorry. Can I make it up to you? I'll sponsor a tarp in the Coliseum."
"You don't have to film Q&A, we love hearing ANYTHING you have to say, to be quite honest (:"
"Hey Bill, do you have a source for the Colston injury? Can't find anything about it online? Thanks!"
"yes I'll be going to the game - u wanna roll? Also what time do u go to workout?"
"It has been the best 8 months, now we just have to get through the next 5 days ..."
"I hope feels better"
"never mind, is shutting down"
"its actually so hot in portland today #summer foooreall now"
"i Think Moved To Australia And Didnt Tell Us! #ComeBack #WeMissYouMaggie <3"
"Nice to meet you today."
"I am looking forward to reading your son's book."
"If you're talking redesign, choose compact view from the options."
"#Zappos family core value #2 _ Embrace and drive change."
"I don't understand how people work full time jobs...I don't."
"Free Nate Dog if u nail in order regardless of team -- the 1st 5 draft pix or the Bears next 1st round draft bust! Missin that NFL..ya heard"
"#NorthLondonIsRed Damn right it is"
"Can you recall what you felt when you first saw these #tarot cards in the museum?"
"thanks! I'm talking about DMAC and sustainability in teaching, research and service."
"lmao the best tweet ever tweeted"
"“: so its looking like if i want to meet my deadline of 25 ts either or ” I'm down lol"
"take me"
"today's my 40th birthday. How bout you send me a piece now and when I win. Haha. Make it happen this year."
"So glad you are here! RT : #Phorum12 another great session & great conversations in between faith in #Philly tech restored again"
"Because.... I got it like that? I'll be home next week I think. You're still going right?"
"what I mean judging from the things he's said in the past oh and I love-YA too :) !*)"
"I think i have a torn acl"
"CONGRATS! RT : Officially part of the University of South Carolina Class of 2016"
"please follow me :)"
"my school talent show is on ur birthday!! xD #HappyAlmostBirthdayAlli!!!(:"
"No Doubt! #SALUTE!"
"Could be a rough one for the #Cubs tomorrow. Using everyone in bullpen tonight, with quick turnaround and Volstad tomorrow."
"| Thanks for the Madge link...even micro-marketers love Madonna!"
"Can you guys stop looking up pictures of diseased vaginas and showing them to me during class.."
"M: I'm drinking my wine. C: you've got wine? M: No!"
"John Erskine won't play for #Capitals. Jeff Schultz in the lineup."
"Thanks for tweeting! Can’t wait to see your official video for"
"I think good side cocky, that cocky that will help the def get pumped which is what our def needs, an attitude again"
"Every nigga wanna be a rapper , every chick wanna be a model .."
"Hey , say something funny."
"save some for me"
"Well Beethoven had hygiene issues, so..."
"Muriel Brandolini the artist wants conceptual integrity.....wooden eggs hanging on bedposts? I'm mulling that around...."
"Yea dats wat I'm talking bout"
"Read more, you seem like a bright kid. Just misguided."
": You are welcome!"
"lol shut up we already went over this lol dnt try to show out twitter ..!! lol"
"I guess I’m too selfish & too much the curmudgeon, but no way I am going to think or do anything connected with work during this vacation."
"\": I eat the news for breakfast. #Nomnomnom\" well this was the easiest RT I've ever done lol."
"good seeing you too. You were amazing :)"
"watching Bridesmaids with (:"
"First of all dawg..why U studying Nukkas Wang-Dang-Doodles...wit ya #Down-low azz.. #KillYourself!"
"He said to be cool but I'm already coolest"
"Which links are you talking about?"
"uneducated people !"
"Get to see tomorrow :):)"
"\"...even though you do not see him now, you believe in him and are filled with an inexpressible and glorious joy..\" -1 Peter 1:8"
"how so?"
"Vanessa Williams is 1 of the 1 in 4 women who are child sexual abuse victims. Tyler Perry is one of the 1 in 6 men. Let's get serious folks."
"RT : I'm playing tonight 6-9pm w/Dwight Trible, Artichoke & others @ #FoundLA reception at"
"Is it rude to switch treadmills when the guy next to you is hacking up a lung?"
"sounds great"
"Gonna pull a all nighter going to Tampa tommorrow morning"
"ID LIKE YOU ON A TRACK BOO.. WE COULD MAKE A HIT ;)"
"Ur not just some female to me so y would you want a nigga to treat u that way??"
"Do you have a good drill to address thin contact/topping?"
"lol still love you"
"I just emailed you my sweet dear"
"Lol my mom walked in the house saying\" My nigga I'm Faded!\""
"RT : Florida announces that sophomore LB Graham Stewart will transfer and leave the"
"Characters must change more or less throughout scene."
"Hey Jack always enjoy your insight. keep up the good work"
"Aww how will Vegas ever be the same? :o) Safe travels and Happy New Year!"
"i agree"
"We did our #24HourPlayFest a few weekends back. You're right, hard to tweet during. Glad it went well!"
"RT : Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears. -Edgar Allan Poe"
"Thanks!! Feel free to use any photos on our facebook page... facebook.com/iamskele"
"I dnt think I've eva felt this kinda pain na I know how #oomf felt dam its just karma comin bck on me"
"I can feel something really good about to happen."
"If you're going to SXSW make sure you get to the world premiere of \"The Announcement\" on March 10! Doc airs on ESPN 3/11 at 9 pm"
"Only a couple more days left until #AppleCup! And it looks like the weather just might hold out. GoCougs!"
"I think would really like this book I'm working on \"Megacatastrophes!\" It's \"2012\" meets the propaganda of Fox News."
"I love a woman with class...a lady.... but a freak in the bedroom...."
"Trust is a big fucking deal."
"somebody go and report back! RT : Free Gyoza and free dessert today!! Free Ramen is only 5 days away!"
"Morris Claiborne for the win!"
"Its all good... Be Happy!!!"
"Notable Birthdays: Bill Macy, Jack Whitaker, RObert Morse, Dwayne Hickman, Brooks Robinson, Albert Hammond."
"I feel like talking on the phone"
"OK. Also, would you care to donate to my cousins fund? He's 9 years old and was diagnosed with brain cancer. Anything helps."
"Does anyone know of exemplary uses of digital media (audio/video) used in sync with transcripts and other collateral data?"
"yea i hear u lol.. wyd"
"You have a good family right there, god bless you all. Xoxoxo ..Goodnight ..!"
"Listening to all of 's old covers brings tears to my eyes"
"Making cupcakes for my baby boy's 3rd birthday!!"
"don't know what's going on, but pray everything works out!"
"Ahh the smell of new jeans"
"i'm toying with both, really. trying to assess whether doing it on my own is realistic given my incompetence and lack of time."
"When you put makeup on cause you think your goin somewhere but then your stupid mom says you can't go -_- I hate parents sometimes!"
"#wov12 listening to jennifer christie top diversity officer american express talk about transparency"
"don't give up!"
"yo man is sick"
"\"Is it good to you?\" RIP Heavy D"
"I LOVE YOU :) <333"
"SO LIL B is not a joke.,. His music is terrible .. I just tried to watch his new video & I got mad.... People Really Like His Music?!!!!"
"Can one become a legend in sports if you have a NCAA violation on your resume?"
"ah! Love Norman! :)"
"Once again bye atx...."
"RT #ArentYouTiredOf liars and cheaters? I know I am. R-T if you hate em!!"
"This ethics session is way too polite. Get angrier, people!"
"The AL is much tougher these days. I can't wait to see how the additional wild card plays into consideration."
"What I wouldn't give for #7minutesinheaven with right now...::sigh::.."
"apparently he also did Drop Dead Fred. Mind was blown. Haha."
"thanks for checking out for sharing business expertise!"
"Mayor Goodman will discuss the State of the City and Its future today before the LV Chamber of Commerce. More on"
": nice! u get around town lol"
"Lmao RT Chuck Norris was born May 6,1945. The Nazis surrendered May 7, 1945. Coincidence? I think not."
"Okay, and so I'm guessing everyone knows I LOVE Rachel but of was filling in and was AMAZING! T/Y !"
"what in THE HELL is Katy Perry wearing????"
"Sometimes the best way is the old fashioned way. Online cal is down. My moleskine would never do me like this."
"Maybe he'd just returned from a Caribbean island where everyone wears sharks' teeth around their necks. :-D"
"ohh. thought you were talking in airport code. Jealousy over. ;) /cc"
"The signed for another 2 years. I wonder whose reign will last longer - Castro or David Letterman?"
"I wanna go somewhere right now"
"Only visited the DC HMM. Can only imagine what u r finding there. #jhuDC will be visiting next week. Anxious to hear reactions."
"thank you :)"
"you might enjoy our in-house brews which are typically more exotic concepts like coconut porter and chocolate stout"
"Thanks, Eric. Looking forward to getting things started for you."
"our games are march 31 and april 2"
"The team is exciting that's for sure, good things seem to be coming"
"can't wait to see us featured on 'non- stop foodies.' We'll come back to cook anytime! ;)"
"I see all of you are waiting up for the Easter Bunny too."
"now knows I like gadgets, bank account is sad."
"that's some bs if they did an ani't call you."
"The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are. I ain't changing for nobody. This is ME! Take it or leave it!"
"Finally grab a bite to eat. , check yourself with , pick up your buddy from &"
"Wow! What a shot"
"Let go"
"A woman looks beautiful without makeup then with it"
"So glad to hear! RT Just did my yoga in south Miami green monkey. Feel great."
"Nice! Go Berklee Alumni!"
"Checked my Pinterest account today...never pinned once, 600 followers. I don't get it."
"hahah okay gramps. Would love to see what you can make. Cereal doesn't count :)"
"Experiment: Will going to the midnight showing of #HungerGames be worth me having a horrible sleepy 9 hr work day tomorrow? Time will tell."
"Listening to"
"I can't wait to go see #TheMuppets w/ ! Oh, , you can come too, but you have to come as Miss Piggy."
"\": Missing my other half more than anything right now.....\" the feelin is mutual"
"I could tell that he was nervous. But I don't blame him. It was his first time performing the song. He was still flawless as fuck tho!"
"Makes me wonder why the squat thrust never really took off..."
"never been, but the G2 is a very familiar bus route that runs out/in of DuPont Crcl on P to near there."
"I am not presenting, just sat in on (Great stuff!) I hope we can connect here at #IBS2012!"
"\": Hippo milk is pink.\"----- I'm starting to think these ppl are makin shit up now"
"Self-promotion is fine, promotion of others will have greater rewards! (And yes, of course)"
"#DYK By using a ceiling fan w/ the air conditioner, you could save 4-8% on your bill for each degree you raise the thermostat."
"That awkward moment someone stares at you.!"
"sounds like some groveling that belongs in a locker room, not a tweet. Mike brown ain't phil jack."
"thanks Britney!"
"Loll I love Damon"
"I'll try to post the audio of a Q&A with Michel Hazanavicius and Michael Phillips in Chicago"
"Huff (Rep Leader) jabbing at Steinberg (Dem Leader): \"We still have a $9.2b problem.\" Yes, that is why we need to pass Gov initiative!"
"thank you kindly for the"
"Day dreaming about winning the megamillions #feeling-lucky?"
"Just saw on with talking about That's a lot of @'s."
"yeah.. I've really been getting into more photography lately, I'll have to show you some of my work when I get it uploaded."
"What is your favorite breakfast food?"
"wow okay, just because 1D is WAY more successful than MB doesnt mean anything. i like MB but you fans are annoying . -.-"
"Agreed! RT : and were great blackjack company at"
"if those two get together i might die of laughter."
"hi All"
"reports Huntsman to bow out of race! , say it ain't so! A major SC newspaper was set to endorse him. Think he's going for VP?"
"Passive language, sir. It \"shrank\" cuz econ improved, & Reagan no longer Prez!"
"this girl is gonna kidnap me , make me Dj for her and I'm gonna be Mia....hahaha #watchoutforvanessa lol"
"Yeah. It's been down for over a week now :/"
"totally agree"
"Misses you too"
"Actually, paintings form one of the larger genre nodes, but despite a mini essay or two by Man Ray or Moholy-Nagy, not much writing"
"Researched both French and Russian copyright law today thanks to Congress and SCOTUS (via #Golan)"
"#SmokeyandtheBandit #FastandtheFurious #RVA--A American classic. Love that movie!"
"Same pic and da name was close as hell SMDH"
"We are working with a new client thanks to the referral by Thanks Oona, coffee on us!"
"Just finished the book,now gonna see the movie."
"Don't miss the next Breakfast Biz Meet-up at The Council in NY on April 26th! To RSVP, email |"
"thanks Greg. Which piece of yours is that?"
"Sorry Ann. Hockey sadness is rough."
"Kino! RT : Dang the heat's coach reminds me of the actor from teenage mutant ninja turtles part 2"
"no problem! :)"
"I want some Chipotle :)"
"Ooh! Where did you guys go?"
"Back at volvo."
"don't let her brinq you down. & most importantly, don't show her it hurts you. you are stronqer then you think! xx"
"I would wear my #Giveaway to all of the fun summer parties and weddings on my schedule!"
"I have something to show / tell you"
"2011.08.20 #Brewers 11 #Mets 9 | K-Rod goes back home / Blows the lead then gets the win / crazy good fortune"
"RT : margherita pie and sierra nevada torpedo pint"
"Stop, now make that motherfucker hammertime;"
"Man I am bummed about Whitney Houston passing."
"Conference on culturally specific museums at Smithsonian Wed Apr 25. Free & open registration at"
"Haha yeah, hopefully Publix doesn't mind us using their carts for this week."
"Great discussion with this afternoon at"
"yes! Revenge is sweet! Buh bye heather!!!"
"Helen Hayes stamp to debut Monday at awards program named for the actress"
"where has been day?"
"Watching a hockey game = washing a car. Oh the wonderful mind of mme.garger."
"On our way to Pueblo for the 111th Bell Game. Catch the broadcast next Wednesday at 8pm on CET-105."
"I am so thankful for the urban dictionary."
"3 hours is a breeze. It WILL get lower at home! Haha. Congrats Matt!"
"Super Bowl time!"
"\"If you don’t become an actor you’ll never be a factor...\" -"
"What are you doing tonight? is at Trapeze Atlanta & There's a Gang Bang at Trapeze Ft Lauderdale. Your choice ;)"
"why do you suddenly hide my taskbar? that is taking \"maximizing\" a bit too far!"
"he is a hateful wretch"
"All smiles"
"We might be biased but we feel like we're the best in Nashville! Stop in and see us or go to kustomthrills.com :)"
"that answer came straight out of the volunteer packet :)"
"bout to rock the Lyricist Lounge tonight 1030 pm sharp, Lets Get it!!!!!! 200 Hudson St. New York, New York"
"yo girl what you up to?? haha"
"I hope junior year isn't as exciting as this year..."
"Neybor wins 2nd place at #onstage pitch event in crowd-favorite and most viable idea categories!"
"Dear national weather service, I understand that theres a tornado watch. U dont need to interrupt my tv every 5 minutes to warn me!"
"So glad!"
"OFFICIALLY DONE WITH AP TESTING! HALLELUJAH! Graduation where are you!?!?!"
"DEATH ON A DRIVE IN THE COUNTRY - American Reporter"
"I think it would be very limiting RT : #musesocial What if there was a new SM designed to be used by solely for museum goers?"
":D yayayay. Well I'm sorry I didn't bring you any back. I'm such a jerk."
"great - we are outside waiting for a table. Will say hi when we get in!"
"yes ma'am"
"I will at Miss you!! RT: Save me a copy! I knew you before you were famous ;)"
"Vellee Deli's korean BBQ burrito is a must."
"Steeling food from the job you work at"
"Well deserved. Congrats!"
"In the immortal words of Rick James, \"Cocaine is a hell of a drug.\""
"a rare situation that basically forces him to do so. He admitted previously to not even watching the flipping Winter Classic"
"johnny what's do funny I can't stand you just for that no breakfast"
"If U think education is expensive, try ignorance. ~ Derek Bok"
"MT: Join & TODAY at 2pm CST. #LatinoEdu tweetchat about education in our latino communities!"
"No way!"
"Yeah, I need to get back to all of that. And I need to focus."
"We are not creatures of circumstance; we are creators of circumstance."
"You've been up since 3 because you fell asleep too early :)"
"I saw the scary movie, \"Saw IV\". Omfg, it's soo scary D: ."
"congrats!! You must feel so great!!"
"Dad: I'm having lunch with PMF Me: PMF? Dad: Psycho Mother Fucker. Isn't it great? No one ever guesses the \"P.\""
"I am a HUGE fan of the text messages that people send me saying, \"call me\" or \"check your email\". </sarcasm>"
"#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i didnt use it for a long time...."
"#BetterWithDetroit even when isn't touring!!"
"u can say dat"
"You know, some of us have to wait another three hours until we get to see it."
"My eyes, my eyes. Stop already. *L*"
"why not walk Saunders in the 9th to get the righty-righty matchup w light hitting Ryan and hope for DP"
"when is the new cd coming and what is the name?"
"40 yrs since the greatest Saga, cinematic master piece released. THE GODFATHER! Anyone knws me, I prefer Mobster movies over gangster movies"
"yea I only get it when I'm with the rents"
"so far so good! you"
"too much thinking probably."
"just go half day! then your still able to skip with all of us! :)"
"Loose lips sink ships"
"If you let me have my way, I swear I'll tear you apart."
"I'LL HAVE TO SEE ONE DAY..."
"2 hr Private Coaching w the amazing Anthony Gilardi - putting myself on tape for Army Wives :)"
"Down by double digits ..fuck it we'll come back"
"big game tonite - lets go !!!!"
"Does anyone know people who live in Long Beach ? :D"
"is on a quest for the perfect jeans"
"Love these! Just need to get through my current stack... 12 Creative Business Cards via"
"Be-aware DO NOT USE!!!!! They owe me $9,500"
"Havent we all. I wake up in my bed like how did I get here ? hahaha. whats up anyway ?"
"that would be neat, but windy."
"Disaster for Michigan. 2 Pens -25 yards, 3/G now 4/G for FG attempt."
"RT : Congrats Caldwel Van Riper. 2 Gold Addy awards for Indy Connect, including Best of Show."
"Cornbread stuffing, cranberry sauce and chocolate peanut butter pie all done for the feast tomorrow."
"Natasha Sharma: Let's Talk About Inter-Minority Race Relations & Racism: Asian/Black Relations Mediated Through Hip Hop Culture"
"Was he scared shitless or something? There wasn't going to be a better pitch to destroy."
"yes!!!! OMG call me im so bored"
"Both Kenny lol : So sucking a sucker in the club means you give good head right? Am I right or am I a perv?"
"Damn they killed Jr.?"
"Just like we all predicted."
"wake and bake"
"due to page content not sure if it was appropriate, but i can't go further until i say rip whitney!.may your famiy have peace."
"Crap. Just hosed my spreadsheet and all that debug work I just did."
"2 of 2 Continuing: The Artist, Jeff Who Lives at Home, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, W.E. A Separation, We Need to Talk About Kevin"
"...the needed lifestyle change, so the shakes, bars, etc. help them get to a point where they can make that change."
"Pizza Shuttle & Weed"
"somebody asked me not to whistle and that I was rude because I whistled. I guess being happy is now officially a sin"
"Big, warm welcome to our newest countries giving support to #iPhone game! Glad to have #Netherlands and #Argentina on board!"
"seven. Still recruiting?"
"One of thosee nights I cant sleep cause' of all these thoughts thumping in my head."
"touche' my friend....pathetic"
"So close to finishing this chapter."
"Can't wait for this day to end so and I can start our cape cod weekend!!"
"goodnight twitter. :)"
"Bought it last year but it took listening to it on repeat on a 6 hour drive to really love Tom Russell's cinephile-friendly album"
"T.N.T kicks off 2nite inside with $2 u call it all nite!"
"#ifonlyicould talk to austin mahone of get him to notice me <3"
"So, the CIF State champs will be either Mater Dei or De La Salle. Can Poly alums just secede now?"
"Wisconsin are you ready for warm sunny weather? Hit \"Like\" if you are ready!"
"I CAN NOT STOP LISTENING TO YOUR SONG 11:11!<333333333333"
"The average Maricopa County Golf Home sold for $283K in 2011 and most were NOT distressed sales. Imagine a world without Bank Approval!"
"Doesn't matter how many times you show people that psychics and mediums are not so \"special\". Folks want to believe they're powerful."
"Had ice cream for the 1st time in like 2 yrs i swear"
"I'm mad at you"
"Hello Twitterlandia! Working on tagging place names in Paradise Lost for a DH project. Think I'll do Book 11 although Book 2 calls..."
"Waiting Nebu Response Im Tryna Make History"
"Wait, why can't I have a douchey one??"
"night boo"
"\": Hey, old people, what's with the constant chewing?\" -making sure their teeth are still there"
"Red Rattles drop their new album 'City Dogs' tonight at the with Nashville's and Firetrucks! 9PM!"
"be there a little bit."
"Thats pretty awesome! especially since its one of our old school stickers.."
"what an asshole. He might be related to the guy who likes to pee beside the B line tracks in Allston."
"The common characteristics of people make a community possible, but it is their uncommon qualities that make it better. John H. Fischer"
"Great first day of UCSB Early Modern Social Networks Conference. Ann Blair makes me rethink authorship and network theory."
"Stop by our Little Italy location today for our Happy Hour! Available from 4pm-7pm at the bar. Don't miss out!"
"And that means the world to me RT : Anytime Matty! Once someone is my friend, it becomes unconditional!"
"well we are excited to present the opportunity for fans to hear that signature voice live and in person at the fanfest!"
"FREE: Join us at Legacy Church on Friday, April 13 at 6:00 pm as KKIM celebrates 40 Years of Service! Hear messages from Pastor Steve Smoth"
"you too Wayne."
"Does Wegman's have no smaller-scale urban model? I've only been to them out in the country + wasn't impressed."
"I need some cuddle wuddles tonight."
"After improving for the first time in almost two weeks yesterday, Mortgage Rates increased back"
"I'm writing a paper on the Shit People Say vids and just saw Shit White Girls Say to Arab Girls. SO GOOD."
"New menu coming soon. Lots of new flavors to try. Sneak Peak: Carmel-isous, Cinna-Yum, Creamsicle."
"Thanks Pirates- Down to 9 now!"
"Not at all! I LOVE my engagement ring, hands down my most favorite piece of jewelry. :)"
"I'm @ 1st fundraiser since ground breaking of The Smithsonian Natl Museum of African American History and Culture... Alonzo Morning speaking"
"Dawg, I hope u get ur money's worth cuz it don't look good"
"if you have a Blog Lovin' account.. FOLLOW US!"
"Rain has come out in #mortalkombat Everyone be afraid!"
"If a woman with no clothes - it does not mean that she trusts you. If without the makeup - means."
"On the way to museums and the web conference in philadelphia."
"Here's to the speediest new #Eng9 student! Welcome to English 9!"
"I did! Yea, the end wasn't really a big surprise. My overall faves were & for sure!"
"#SocialMedia workflow: ID content. ID workflow. ID resources. Package. Approve. Distribute. Monitor."
"I hate the fact that you feeling I want you to feel better"
"Friendship is like a book, it takes a few seconds to burn but it takes years to write."
"soupcan is still a mlb player?"
"Bow down to the queen of procrastination."
":( how packed are you? New any help?"
"#NewFeds tip2 - prepare for the unknown. Brush up on areas you know vaguely"
"Fiat 500 starting at $14,100 for selected models, and up to $2000 incentives - Xmass shopping, fit one under the Xmass tree :)"
"we are extremely grateful for you and what you have brought K Studio!"
"Just booked tickets to MN to see my new niece. SO EXCITED!"
": I will be happy! It doesn't mean everything is perfect. It means I have decided 2 look beyond any imperfections!"
"watching this pageant dance jus sed \"why is it an 8 count? Why can't they go to 10\" haha never seven thought about it lol"
"What's there to do in WM? Nothing? Okay... 😔"
"Write a really well-written post 1-2 times a week rather than 4-5 awful posts. Editors, publishers, agents are evaluating."
"Have a fun and safe trip!"
"god, no one ever gets fired here, even when there's tons of evidence, but she will be retiring in about a year!"
"LOL thanks !Networks 4 having my cousins TV show follow me & tweet my boss 's new TV show everywhere!!"
"welcome :D"
"Tyyyyyyyyyyyyy can i pic an icon for you?????"
"Almost at 100 fans"
"glad u made it safely...Enjoy London.. #LOVE ;)"
"Love is my religion - I could die for it."
"Thank you so much for the follow !! Wd love to chat w/ you about faith, family & fashion!"
"Someone is on an Arrested Development kick"
"Happy Mothers Day Bestie!"
"ARE YOU A VIRGIN?"
"Strength is the capacity to break a chocolate cake into four pieces - and then eat just one of the pieces! Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!"
"That's the nicest thing I've ever heard! Thanks! “: If it rained happiness, I wish you a storm. Happy New Year!”"
"So sorry to hear. Can you follow us so we can message you back? Want to figure this out and hear what happened."
"It was me who said the second part. \": OH at #cunypie: \" won't approve of the fancypies\" --\" can suck it!\"”"
"I have poppet lite and am sharing it with teachers. What do you think about the full version?"
"How apropos! MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE takes us to one of 4 Chinatowns in Paris. We will have to make notes for Lily Marie..."
"when do we entertain taking dee out of leadoff?"
"Just tapped Pike Post Alley Porter"
"All men are prepared to accomplish the incredible if their ideals are threatened. - Maya Angelou"
"Happy New Years all! 2012 is gonna rock! It has already started off great! I have two auditions and a new job:)"
"Madison police investigating the deaths of 3 and 4-year-olds found dead early this morning in a car parked near a business on Kinsman Blvd."
"do it"
"They should do a Mumbai version."
"Remember when I said I was gonna leave Tom Hanks alone for a while. I meant it"
"Doing the show from very tippy-top of Space Needle tonight. Watch for some great scenery and breathtaking shots from the chopper! 7pm, K5."
"My Twitter doin that dumb shit again...ent let me tweet dammit.."
"libraries: doing this for years! RT A4: Businesses...can/should join forces to oppose mandatory data retention"
"I'd be lying if I said this pic shocked me...I've seen this type of behavior more than once!"
"Ryan Braun is a cheater!"
"hows Brady's balls feel in your hands? (and i mean footballs and spirals ;)"
"A wallflower. You see things. You keep quiet about them. And you understand."
"OMG! Tonight might be dying my hair brown and getting a haircut. :)"
"I didn't take any pics or videos because it was so sad. But others did which I'm sure will soon be on youtube"
"tonic room is a 'good karma' place for us- atomic theory dance band debuted there. atdb/ mi yodea drummer ann still thinks that was our best"
"RT : This is the day the Lord has made; let us rejoice & be glad in it. -Psalm 118.24"
"Its still day time over here."
"ps you only said I couldn't put them on Facebook so..."
"Same here. :)"
"yes, NYC bound! We'll be moving this summer! sad to leave my great school behind, but excited for new adventures"
"if ya really hated me you should be brave enough to tell me"
"More and more often lately I find that cartridges aren't charged with nearly the usual amount of juice. Not happy about it."
"i know. how embarrassing. lol."
"For the first time in the history of full time traveling; I forgot my bag at home yesterday! #UnfortunateSeriesOfEvents. ~AZ"
"u comin to Rochester n.y.?!"
"hey bud, I need a favor. Could you spare 5 minutes sometime today to talk Moscato with us? Launching a new FB ad campaign."
"Happy President’s Day! If you’re stuck in the office, you might as well come in & enjoy a proper pint after work for a late celebration!"
"I went to a restaurant that serves -breakfast at any time.- So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance."
"\"May good luck be your friend in whatever you do, and may trouble be always a stranger to you' -Irish Blessing Happy St. Patty's Day!"
"you coming out to broadway bar tonight for Girls Gone Wild?"
"those pictures are absolutely hilarious, haha."
"I replied via DM :)"
"Wisconsin appears to be defending itself...35 points mid 2nd half."
"Besides you.."
"Oh no! The fancy Dish hopper sat tv just quit working! Hubs is playing ball & it's my 1 nite to watch what I want. Waaaah!"
"I have the utmost respect for any soldier, marine, seal etc. that walks into a room."
"Omg i cant belive your show is sold OUT!!!(:"
"About to watch #TheVoice :D"
"Good morning all! I'll be live on the TODAY show this morning. Tune in!!"
"Marcella Rose is about to start their set. Come hang out at Poor House in downtown Ft. Lauderdale!!!"
"Stop one, World Wide Apparel!"
"music in the air!"
"- I was just there about 2 weeks ago. They've done a lot of sprucing up. Looks much nicer."
"Missing some Lanna Thai here|RT : Finally wrapped and packed up after a 2 day shoot. It's time for India Palace"
"Can't believe I saw Jeff Mangum tonight."
"Tell your boy, the hammer, to get his act together with runners in scoring position. stop worrying what he's like pre-sex."
"I was just thinking that I need to do that sometime soon!"
"we look at your social footprint. MT Looking for a job? Make sure #LinkedIn profile is up to date! Some don't take resumes."
"And we're off!"
"#3WordsOfAdvice Always Say Please"
"#This girl too!"
"AAAHHH!!!! Apparently its a freakin' spider army!!! \"Sparta prepare for glory!!\" You shall die spider fiends"
"I'm having fun celebrating our son's birthday, Dane."
"Time to get my shovel ready later around noon to get the snow out of the drive way :( not looking forward to it"
"Live Laugh Love ."
"Horns allowed 5'9\" guard Keiton Page 27 points in the first half. OK St up 51-39 at the break. Incl FTs, Page has missed just 2 of 21 shots."
"Thanks for your vote! We hope you'll keep casting votes for us until May 21, and encourage your friends to do the same!"
"Not right now, but will keep you in mind for future."
"It's little things like this that fuck up my day like now I can't find my transpass"
"Little Mexico!"
"San Onofre Safety: Irvine City Council members said the \"San Onofre nuclear power plant represents an unacceptable risk to public...\""
"If you retweet one of our tweets, we'll retweet one of yours' -we're down to help"
"Andrew Bogat. Wayne Simon from Kansas of Kansas"
"That awkward moment when your in your room and someone is watching football and screams at the tv so loud it actually makes you jump\""
"RT It's no surprise that improving quality of school environments can have a powerful effect on student achievement."
"lol I frickin hate & love you !!! ❤ but I'm goin shopping Sunday ! But dinner & movies sounds god 😘😘"
"I've moved seven times in the past four years and I still don't know how do it efficiently."
"contest was on Facebook. Hit us up over there next time."
"oh you gotta love #HCO hahaa"
"\": No easy way saying bye #flysolo\""
"Q: Why do liberals travel in threes? A: One to read, one to write and the other one to keep an eye on both intellectuals."
"I'm just a girl, standing in front of a computer screen with my dog, wishing 's book was out. I mean, that's all."
"So you are coming back to NY in 2012?? Please do!! I want to do it all over again."
"come home to the podcast, #Domino!!!"
"Good Morning my favor Sis!!! Cloud nine!!!"
"interesting guess tho! I do believe its on the Greatest Hits… Apparently."
"#childhoodmemories falling off a slide after climbing up backwards onto the CONCRETE playground"
"Despite everything that's happened to you within the last couple of years, you came back with a come back, music. I adore you."
"Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your posts."
"Get that white chocolate shit money bitch!!"
"im trying to make the book now. lol There isnt anything out on it yet that i have found.. Its a very new concept."
"And you know this! RT Libra is considered very attractive by many but their fine taste makes them picky."
"I send ONE line of my novel to and he tells me I'm writing the Russian 50 Shades of Grey."
"\": wat up\" WHAT'S UP BRUH"
"please kill me I am giving you permission"
"Ha RT Codeword to get on today's Romney press call? \"President Obama Has Failed”"
"sounds like a plan!"
"Get in!"
"Circumstances do not make a man, they reveal him. Dr. Wayne W. Dyer"
"I forget. Something about uniting teams? I feel like I'm bad at that"
"Thanks for such a warm welcome, Tinashe (:"
"I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan"
"I will b n like 2 weeks...lol"
"Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves. - E. Joseph Cossman"
"apparently rubbing the affected parts on stainless steel before you try rinsing works."
"Oh nice! I reviewed several voxboxes, this look like the best!"
"Congratulations! Can't wait to visit."
"woke my ass up this morniing. i was sleeping LOVELY in the van too :("
"Our menu offers other selections including turkey burgers, veggie burgers and grilled cheese sandwiches."
"Attention studs & studettes abroad...the US has now adjusted for daylight saving time. No more excuses missing the weekly phone home."
"Visited you Denton Location on Thurs. I am not exaggerating when I say, that the Dirty Love Burger is the best I've ever had!"
"i hate complicated girls.. more than anything"
"When I lived in a warm climate I never watched TV; now I live in DC...got an iPad & now apps are the only thing that keep me warm at night."
"Why do gay men have better bodies than straight men? Is there some gym gene that comes with being gay?"
"I know! It's been reminding me of when we went to the Star Wars premiere together <3. I miss you!"
"we need to karaoke!"
"I just crushed some McDonald's chicken nuggets w/ spicy buffalo sauce : )"
"Who's ready for some night time swimming and SYDNEY BLU tonight at The Fly!!?"
"lots of weed"
"Thank you RT : Just got my free download of She only wanted flowers. You are very talented.what a great voice!"
"Union wins! State champs!"
"nice pic sexy follow back ma"
"RT bonkers how many #Supreme Kate Moss snipes are up.LES been bombed something fierce. Guerrilla marketing win for them again"
"Do the Kardashian's ever have no make-up on?"
"I hate the P word and thats all i see on my TL ugh!!"
"I forget I'm in a cube with radio - in my mind we're out in a sweet convertible on this gorgeouso day (sans allergies of course)!"
"Nice complement RT He said I looked like Jessica Rabbit!"
"If you wanna get with me there's some things you outta know. I like my beats fast and my bass down low."
"\"it's not until you learn to silence the clutter that you can pay attention to the coincidences\" -Santi White"
"Rush to the club cuz I wana get faded."
"Today's dictionary, word of the day is gung-ho: wholeheartedly enthusiastic and loyal. I love the way gung-ho is spelled."
"hi sup?"
"My domain transfer from GoDaddy to NameCheap completed today. Now to make a donation to"
"wow, that is schweeeeeeet. I want."
"The Rolling Stones’ 1969 bootleg version of “Carol”"
"quit before it consumes ur life... at least thats what ive heard..."
"Happy Hump Day my tweeties! :)"
"RT : You're designed and equipped to achieve great things. Do it now."
"Not sure what to do today, waiting til Wednesday to get #Mockingjay in the mail...guess I'll read The Rum Diary!"
"Is it sad/embarrassing that I've NEVER had a macaron?"
"Developers, you know what would be #useful? #hashtag alerts, for conversations I might be interested in"
"Don't drink and drive - you might hit a bump and spill it. ~ Murphy's Law"
"also stop questioning whether or not certain sports are, yknow, sports."
"presumed. Nowhere does it say dude was actually gay. Still, a diapicable incident."
"difficult 4them to win as they quickly learned. Dont know how im gana b able to wait another month for next one though..."
"It is so good! I am pretty sure you'll love it."
"Any events happening in Los Angeles?"
"oh wow when was this taken?"
"im tired of all theese low down niggas they need to bump up they game yall might ain't got no money but still bump it up yall game"
"Bring lunch and flowers to the maternity ward. Really impress him with flowers for everyone on her floor."
"I need my own space and my own car"
"can i get a hold of that?"
"Sorry, that was me. RT What is the delicious spring like smell near the river #ABQ ? I love it."
"if I had to choose, it would have to be stinky breath"
"its always nice when you got the day off on pay day"
"Can you sign my bracelet or sunglasses? :)"
"Make it an #IHOPDAY!"
"Just the way some people acted after the game."
"Note to Self: Life is not static. Static is boring."
"yum I miss in and out burger all the time"
"If you're a hardworking, well-trained, persistent person, there's a job out there for you. Mike Escalante"
"Couldn't agree more. An unfortunate parallel."
"Thx - Happy hunting on the last day of deer season in MD! Please do this again (we missed the start). God Bless America."
"This is my first blogger's conference! Advice? Psyched!"
"Friend- your obsessed with one direction! Me- Im not obsessed, im dedicated! (convo hapened 1 min ago)"
"Everyone's having delusions of grandeur here. RT : Probably could have got back to LA."
"I wonder what percentage of Terminal 5 should be labeled 'obstructed view' ie 'can't see fuckall'?"
"I prefer the seething jealousy I feel while watching International, too."
"Feel sneaky hiding fact I didn't wash my hair today & that's why it's in a bun w/ a cute headband."
"How do you find out about events and shows? Word of mouth? A flyer? Let us know!"
"rest test"
"Also could be a more direct \"nudge.\" Easier way to bubble priority to the top - compared to sea of e-mail."
"Windsor is actually better than I expected"
"Just listing a great new 4bd home for rent in Mill valley's Tam Valley at $7,500 per month: www.tamwoodsluxuryrental.com Check it out!"
"Found out today that I'll be at #mozcon this year! Woohoo! Last year was awesome, except for the WiFi snafu...bringing my own this time :)"
"I'm taking issue w/ \"For you always have the poor with you…\""
"Who has Skype?"
"Thanks for the follow...following you too..."
"Judge Payne, IN \"We have 100 power users that are case workers that continuously test the Case Commons system.\""
"wOh. That is NOT what I saw coming. So SO sad. Can.not.wait for your album release"
"and auto generation reduces the opportunity for 'same name' problems"
"Hey Jeff, Michael Neuman suggested I reach out to you. Could I get your email address?"
"awww so adorable!! im doin the same with my daddy :)"
"sure thing Senuri! And thank you!"
"god i just used the phrase \"making bank\" but shit i need a job more than paula deen needs diabetes meds"
"do you play HoN or LoL?"
"So excited to go to #linklove this weekend! Boston here I come!!!"
"Looks like Kim and Kris should've gone to PreCana"
"One up down what a concept"
"Tonight's special the Princess Peach! Captain Morgan, Peach Schnapps, Pineapple Juice, Grenadine & 7-UP for only $6! Come save the princess!"
"thanks hope to see u soon!"
"without Sadness you cannot feel Happiness. without Anger you cannot experience Kindness. without Hate, Love could never exist."
"Tonight my movies going to win a mothaf*#king Oscar y'all. So will my friends. Oscars all round for #theartist #oscars #e!"
"let's be honest, though. Considering how the low seeds have played (save for San Jose), would it really be THAT easy?"
"This mom who took her 5yearold tanning looks like her FT job is tanning."
"Hey twitter land! Srry I haven't been on lately. :( but I'm on now so anyone wanna chat?"
"C'mon Taylor! Make. A. Layup."
"Got it. Are you guys running together? I didn't have on my list until now."
"Lmfao is this kid for real!!? omg.. Too funny"
"Heard on Steve is the man"
"check out this page"
"Was it a (949) number ? Would like to talk about advertising opportunities w/the Oc Metro magazine :)"
"Getting on the N train, heading out to see a shipwreck."
"Your profile picture needs no words !! I jus love it"
"wow...n sync...so may hits. we should go out and sing some boy band karaoke together."
"Wish it were already out, eager to see it. Thanks."
"well said"
"It's a Lotta handsome ladies on this side of town.... Lol"
"keeps giving me kisses.. Gross ;( I wish it was one of you ladies ;)"
"It's National Margarita Day! Come in and enjoy one of our house-made margaritas!"
"Tijler DeyMarcos and Kenji Passini pull off a double steal with DeyMarcos scoring to increase Middleton's lead to 8-3 in the sixth."
"Amen and thanks for the blessings. \": ***Let Go and Let God..Love and Blessings to all of my followers.\""
"I'm sorry...did they not see Dark Knight?"
"I will when I'm not lazy lol"
"Happy to hear on the call."
"My friend & I were discussing SWV at our Xmas party last Sat & how we wished the jukebox in the bar offered their songs."
"Didn't you hear The #Wizards love him and want to pair him up with Nene!"
"I just want a second chance with u."
"so glad you did roll call for Andy :) I was chanting along with it at home"
"listening to taylor swift woo"
"The KCAs are finally on in Hawaii. :]"
"Thanks for the follow lovely!!"
"Sitting outside on my deck at 9:30 is truly something I wish I could do year round. So enjoyable."
"Looking for #sexed curricula that includes #queer youth issues. Your thoughts?"
"be grateful for what you do have, you little ignorant cunt. I feel so fucking sorry for your mother."
"Bad thunderstorms in charlotte so this plane was circling in the air for 30 min. Omg"
"only UX people could be excited about that."
"I just reached 20 followers(:"
"Busy week ahead, a lot of planning for next shoot of The Wailing."
"Is it wrong to want an #oscars completely hosted and presented by Muppets?"
"did u lose or somethin to the guy cheating at call of duty? Lo!"
"Tonights show at #ScottsCityLimits was awesome!!:)) Thank you everybody who came out!!!"
"omg i would absolutely buy some. so delicious."
"Thanks for a great season, the shot on Virginia, the wins against Duke / UNC, and of course that ACC Championship."
"#famousexcuses from #Favre \"I didn't feel like physically I could play at a level that was acceptable.\" Last month."
"RT : UPDATED: House vote for health care reform was 219-212."
"Watching walk in on someone in a stall... Priceless"
"Trying to get the hang of this application"
"Hehe, just being difficult. :)"
"Phone need charging."
"So excited for bed. Holiday party weekend number 1 down. Only a few more to go!"
"Last two weeks of my high school career"
"what?! Are you serious?!!"
"Someone is confident in Jack, I hope you're right, good luck! RT: 617"
"That's wild! RT : a fun part of defense was when my advisor brought up 's SEM paper from LA in 2010."
"Your rhyme is too funny . (Sorry if there are a few retweets... the buttons did unexpected things.)"
"Oh of course.. Fallout Boy is a great!~"
"Baseball: Canby takes a 1-0 lead after Brady Thompson's RBI single to score Mike Caruso after 1st inning over Oregon City."
"Thank you Chris!! Please let me know how I can help!"
"New Mexico! I'm visiting a friend and roaming around Santa Fe, Albuquerque, and a Native American reservation."
"\"If I die & become a ghost, I'm going to stalk hot guys.”"
"haha, I do that stuff too. Sometimes even if a book is interesting, sleep is just more interesting. :)"
"Guys help us get in touch w/ He won tix for 's concert this week. RT us so he doesn't l lose his tix"
"Great discussion at Walker Brands for and the NYAS. Is our focus on the \"best & brightest\" talent an elitist idea?"
"Got an email that I'm locked out of an account. To fix this, click 'reset password' on the 'user details' screen... yeah"
"It's amazing what good a little run will do for you!"
"I took the pledge. No texting while driving."
"loollllllllllllllllllllllllllll. when i type a bunch of l's they all change colors on my screen . #coola'f"
"Tweeties: please know that twitter is sending \"promoted\" tweets on my acct I do NOT endorse Scott Walker"
"hehe word up"
"For those who are childish and still haven't grown up..hit the Unfollow button. Promise life is better without cha. #SMILE 😃"
"Charles & Baltimore 10-2 today.... Let's eat #lobster Mac"
"Ah #lolla seeing"
"RT : Media Coverage in a Fragmented Media Age - Join us May 25 to hear from our local media experts! ow.ly/4VN8u"
"After a certain point, you are your worst enemy in this business. I don't see how rappers fall off."
"199 users! Special bonus if a twitter follower becomes #200!"
"Not a picnic for non-jazz lovers either!"
"when people tell me I look really tan"
"Hales is bummed that Sustainability Center and Lake O streetcar are one foot in the grave"
"I been back for a year now chump"
"Wow, you said good night to Twitter..."
"Method of use and manufacturing patents and trade secrets viewed as compelling barriers to entry for orphan drug developers"
"thanks so much for the follow! Big fan of what you're up to w/ Thrillist!"
"this phone sucks though:( wuts ur numer i lost everything"
"Up next is Black Caulk (lecoqnoir) and"
"Listening to Steve Potash's OverDrive presentation. Hmm. . ."
"RT : if you keep all of your love inside... you wont have room for anyone else's. let some out."
"you are very welcome! Love your sites :-) They take me away on travels, when I can't leave my desk"
"Be thankful. Dream big. Never give up."
"no invite... bitch!"
"This is crazy Trapped In The Closet all the parts is on YouTube. This ain't my first time seeing it, I just didn't see in a long time."
"Bust a move, cut a rug, or tear up the dance floor. Whatever you call your dancing, come express it at Hip Hop in #anhkc. Sunday from 1-3pm"
"Fuck a gym membership, play \"Michael Jackson Experience\" on the Wii"
"Kinda hungry"
"lets go! Where are you?"
"I dnt feel like doin shit without money.....my mood be fuked up...."
"Encouraging: With #PTSD and #TBI employers want to know more. Is not a deterrent for employment."
"Thanks for posting these great quotes"
"I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but you look better with the lights off ;"
"I hate that stupid Prius, there's always one in front of me, on the freeway, in the fast lane, taking its sweet time."
"Happy Saturday, everyone! :)"
"where will you be for your bday?!"
"That ad almost made me want to import a car from Detroit. # SuperBowl"
"\"I LOVE my new Rav4!!!! Robbie is awesome!:) He found me the perfect car right away, exactly what I wanted and needed and at a lower..."
"Are you wearing your #SPF today?"
"My girl got mad about the threesome cuz she felt she wasn't getting as much attention. Baby u was getting all the attention! bloody 3some"
"Get Ready, Now It's a Race To the Finish Line For... NEW COUNTRY STAR OF THE YEAR 2010"
"if only i had a FAT ASS.."
"Former #LAPD Chief William J. Bratton always used the term cop."
"for real.... let me know where you'll be playing. would love to come see."
"You can make your own fun with books like that by breaking out the red pen and feeling smugly superior. ;)"
"prob like lodos downtown and those bars on 20th"
"had fun but too much of crazy busy"
"WAIT! Are trucker hats no longer in style? I had never felt more attractive..."
"wish u were here at this state conv in Janesville; want 2 hear your thoughts on this pay gap research"
"FINE! I thought you were a rebel -_-"
"Ok not to put too fine a point on the wins #Mittens had tonight but realistically how many of those will a #GOP candidate win in November?"
"What species scares u then?"
"See you in Baltimore Get em!"
"blogs, twitter, facebook..using all together can add up to a working content ecosystem with major payout for brands."
"Yep but she will be amazing! :)"
"Axis wins an Hermes Creative Award for our work on web video"
". Age & other things have taken a toll already. :) I can't afford this!"
"Love your new post. You're more patient than I am. Good perspective."
"Loving all these commercials. Can I be you?"
"Friend \"I miss when all fire fighters were hot.\" Me \"I pretty much think all firefighters are sexy just because they save lives and protect\""
"I eat Penguins over white rice S/O to --->"
"Going to get my jump license for skydiving. I figure the cops can't give me a ticket up there right? lol"
"go ahead, if you choose a hoe over me, then you were never worth it."
"in a weird way I don't think I've felt such an awful baseball-related feeling since end of 2001 world series"
"That didn't make sense"
"\": woooooop.\" There it is.."
"Rondo is a triple double Machine!"
"I can't understand these black people at steak n shake"
"I met him...and have his autograph."
"hi! i want a copy of first aid kit's newest! i also just wanted to say hi :)"
"Maybe it's me. Lol"
"I'm a Cubs fan. Why did I possibly think ANYTHING would come easy? First game of the season and I already wanna vomit."
"lovin the new \"shop stats\" option on ! Great way to track customer interest so you can give them what they want!"
"Appreciate the follow #TeamDazzy!"
"Um..i'm positive..."
"I just realized that the \"Chris brown\" on my wall is missing the last two letters. Lol need more stickers"
"It's stupid how someone says they love you when they can't even show it."
"Perfect! Thanks."
"happy v-day to u as well! I know I'm *already* blessed! :)"
"\"I turned my swag on today\""
"I don't think there's a term for that, then."
"If you're looking for quality TV tonight, check out \"Being Elmo\" on"
"JJ sac-pop fly to center brings home another run, 5-0 still bottom of 2nd."
"Motherfucker i forgot to put a sports bra on -.-"
"That call is complete BS. Refs better watch that tape."
"#FF #Follow: , , , alongside myself at #HurricaneOReillys for one of #Boston's top Fridays!"
"we support tyga"
"nah ima go to medoglen mall"
"Don't feel left out Toledo, Prussia will be at Frankie's on the 3rd!"
"Just got a new track hot off the press. Studio Gangstaz-Get Nasty. This track is gonna rock the electro house scene!"
"Getting ready for Doug Stamm's keynote address at"
"If this man wore tighter jeans, he would be a woman"
"So sad about the niners.. :( I am well, just hanging in there. The girls are busy with school, and me too."
"Watching v. #dynamo. Thank god for soccer season."
"RT : lol I see that kid! Ha"
"I take requests!! :-)"
"Filner says he could spend 2 minutes in every neighborhood, find out what they need, and bring it."
"Thank you, LAKings!!! Let's finish this series!"
"morning!!! more like good afternoon cause i just woke up xp but anyways have a GRAND DAY!! :D"
"Nothing reduces the odds against you like ignoring them. ~Robert Brault"
"dammit, missing a rare San Francisco thunderstorm."
"Editing an essay by that's so effing good it's making my hair curl. One excellent thing among many coming to"
"not sure if I will do my own or go 2 kickboxing or spin tonight."
"I am psyched to see what these Silicon Valley entrepreneurs make of your quaint academic notions!"
"\"The Right Stuff\" is going back to the library today."
"back at ya!"
"you are not dreaming! although a midnight snack may be in order! RT : Holy popchips! followed me #SomeonePinchMe :D"
"You should do what i do when im made. auto erotic asphyxiation. love it. give it a try"
"ha right ?"
"Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss! You're dead!"
"Hey #jelena fans. Tweet us your favorite picture of Justin&Selena. We pick the cutest one and give the winner a huge shoutout! GO."
"When playing online, fouls are not called as much for hacking. My game has lag issues, is there going to be a patch soon?"
"Visit our offices at 3914 Murphy Canyon Road, Suite A202 in San Diego, CA 92123"
"I might be in London next summer...not far to see you TJ"
"If your espresso addiction needs a fix we have great lattes! We are at the corner of Nationwide & Neil!"
"rt please Johnny's Hideaway Ladies-don't forget you get your first drink #free tonight after 8pm-Happy Monday!!!"
"Come see Kazu Kibuishi and Allen Say drawing live in the Graphic Novels Pavilion!"
"is the man. Like. actually. The man."
"afraid for this lab final tomorrow."
"You can't change people, you can only change how YOU deal with them"
"That is one intelligent, handsome guy! Can't wait to see his amazing presentation!"
"and you just now tell me"
"I've spent more time thinking than living. The only way to live is to stop thinking. But all I think about is how I want to live"
"sorry for your loss Jagger :("
"RT : Favorite Dr. Seuss quote of all time, \"It is better to know how to learn than to know.\""
"Tons of people playin' on our comps! Need some more people for Halo Reach! Come join the fun!"
"I like his nose! And his teeth and the fact that he's really nice to everyone and he sure cares about all his fans! ;)"
"“: 13 weeks till Hilton Head. Don't know if I can wait that long ”"
"chorus rehearsal today for state...leavin' this sunday for Jacksonville, Florida!!!"
"Staring out my window watching the hail come down. Sigh."
"I'm washing my white blazer shirt for the game tomorrow"
"The calendar fills fast! Just charter an MKE flight."
"All the pundits and politicos using Steve Jobs' death to score political points is making me SAD."
"Looking like it's going to be a long job for Exxon, they're flying another Guy out from Louisiana to help me. Hope the weather stays nice."
"I see is to bussy to follow or reply me... *sigh*"
"Members Card Indians ML +120 (15 units)"
"she was actually likable on that date. She'll probably go to top 5-6 before he sees the nasty side"
"In a few minutes she had ascended out of that clear field, in among thepiled mountains of cloud"
"Jo-Ann great to meet you!"
"This commercial >>>"
"Eating home made trail mix with raw cacao nibs, sunflower seeds, golden raisins, walnuts, pumpkin seeds and pine nuts."
"Thank you so much to all of you who came to #FoodFightMKENight You just fed 30 hungry Milwaukee families. :]"
"Reaching for the stars... ✨🌟✨"
"Good Morning Tweeters!!"
"#Colbert 's Lorax poem was pretty good"
"Nice warm sunday....gonna kill my wine and take a shot of henny"
"Hahaha. Exactly. Last time I checked, you were slangin' some cocktails at Points East."
"haven't seen that one in a long time. my favorite is probably space mutiny, but prince of space is hilarious too"
"YES! RT : YES! #UWsocial RT : Don't you think a liberal arts education is perfect training for social media?"
"Why is Ray J always somewhere involved in something?!....SIT DOWN!"
"Fuck thinking. I'm going for a run."
"how much would he charged .. on a nother note Kevin needs to get laid"
"Thanks for following me ! I look forward to sharing my artwork with you! :D"
"RT :Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.-Sir Winston Churchill"
"what's the tailgating situation outside DSG Park without the Season Ticket VIP parking pass. Grills allowed?"
"So hungry"
"where and what is this?"
"Thank you so much to that incredible crowd last night for bringing such AMAZING energy! Catch you tonight at the Independent!"
"Best wishes to friends presenting & performing & interviewing at"
"\"may your eyes be bright\" is a beautiful sentiment and phrase"
"I'm gonna go ask the pigeons outside Madison Square Garden tomorrow. \"Hey Pigeons!\""
"Budget hearing for Baltimore City Fire Department is underway. Watch live on"
"About to have my broken big toe (4 fractures) yanked back into proper alignment by my stepdad doctor. So, if you hear that girlish squeal.."
"Hey, that girl's not wearing pants."
"A big thanks to for today. I'm so proud to have Timico in Newark."
"So did Prince Fielder, basically."
"Georgetown shooting 13% from field. Not going to win many games shooting so bad. Have to step it up in 2nd half."
"Now I want some glogg."
"Wow- never thought id be an suv dude. Lovin the new XC90 R Design"
"So sick"
"When you want to go to bed... but you just cant stop humming a melody... RECORD IT!!!"
"Silent velcro...you lucky motherfucker... #garden state"
"And Crocodo works great for collaborative feedback on pdfs."
"Moombaltimore is going off right now!!! Get to E-Villa for those beats you crave!"
"baby could you show me it's easy to breathe(:"
"I don't think I'll ever live more than 1.5 miles from water ever again. #Running to the lake is my favorite."
"When people get on my nerves I tend to get in a be alone mood RT : I see u didnt make it out last night"
"hi-YAH! I am a productivity ninja."
"Lol... thought so! They should know you only use DM on Fb! ;) Thx for letting us know. will delete! xox!"
"You gotta come a lot harder den that sweetheart"
"We're looking forward to regularly joining your Monday night #petchat! Do you have a \"class attendance\" sign-in?"
"My mom got pregnant with me as a teen...She was 15...I dont judge girls who are having children as teens...I just send my love & prayers"
"If you havent been to this weekend, get there tonight or catch it online. Great testimony refers to #SunStandStill book."
"I need two new tires ."
"Oh, you only tweet about the South Shore? You must really like living at home."
"If one man can stand tall, there will be hope for us all."
"Bahahaha. That would be funnier if it wasn't true...."
"Israel security boss &#39;meets EU brass over Iran talks&#39;"
"Hey, thanks for following my tweets...looking forward to following you too! See you in the morn at LOL!"
"sounds yummy!"
"is the online magazine created by Jane Pratt of Sassy/Jane magazine fame."
"like when blocked that kick against Tenn."
"So shot right now. This drive hung over is shit lookin forward to the dboy after these appts."
"Oh damn :-( Hmu on fb den"
"I love your cute voice, I love your hugs, I love your kisses but most importantly i love you <3"
"*Whore* WHO SAID THAT???? RT if u hav done tht to somone when u pass em in the hallway :)"
"In downtown Manhattan? Come try our homemade ny style #pizza. 1 slice for $1 at #cafe41! Can't beat this lunch deal."
"that sounds PERFECT! Lemme pack my gbp NOW. ;)"
"that is awesome! You are so right"
"How do people not understand the affect their actions/words they have on another person?"
"SNAP (Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program) and WIC (Women, Infants, and Children) programs. Adressing Food Insecurity in the US."
"Good news! Woodfish is completing the final mastering process of our 2nd album today. Songs 2 b released online thru Woodfish's website soon"
"RT : M, Fez tea from always reminds me to pause and just enjoy its deliciousness"
"star wars on spike? yes please!"
"what are you doing after school"
"Stevie wonder is my dude but it's time to cut the hair !"
"i hope so. im here until sunday"
"u caught him in ur lap?"
"Mama has to check on her baby! Lol! Smooches..."
"play I spy"
"some throwbacks man! Haha!"
"you're not so wet."
"Thanks bro"
"After 18 College football players died form their injuries in 1905, President Teddy Roosevelt stepped in and saved the game from itself."
"Wish I could watch the 3rd set of the Del Potro VS Istomin #tennis match but it's time to get some sleep."
"dang straight!"
"Be sure to follow fall 2011 artists: ..."
"Practice random acts of whimsey."
"guess what now I know where hubby gets ocd from,his dad...watching his dad has made me dizzy...damn sit down & relax"
"Wah. I have a headache, and I need to be pleasant in 2 hours."
"Storify seems to be unanimous now, any other suggestions?"
"so excted to night is the night to just let go and not care about anything. so excited for Semi!"
"I never feel at home until music is being created."
"hey, great 2011 year and will be great in 2012. Think 9-7 to 11-5 and probable playoffs"
"May my apps work faster?"
"\"this looks like a sharks game\". Wtf #Flyers looking awful"
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment."
"if i could write you a letter . i would . & it'd be a unstopable letter. Because you make me speechless. Follow back PLEASE!(:"
"Never again am I eating taco bell beef."
"Or maybe just cereal lol"
"Good win, great to see back on the court"
"I LOVE the new Dicks Sporting Goods commercial with the #Rudy music!"
"He's only 15! voice, Mixtape"
"Learned the hard way that I don't get diplomatic immunity when wearing my Burger King crown."
"Well that was legit!;D"
"well, well, well. The vice president has finally made it to the Twitter"
"yeah I watched the whole thing and didn't understand a bit of it, but it had great atmosphere."
"Just allow me to say that I 'forgot' about their being a third week in September and just skipped to the 4th week....this is my story"
"it's a great day to #begreat and be a #sconnie let the sports wi-kend begin"
"Looking forward to the Chili Cook Off! Great way to spend a Saturday!!!"
"when is it coming?"
"On the bus for the first time in forever....-_- hate life"
"Got in to a fight with my mom. So I broke down in my room. Now I found some inspiration I'm not heartless I just hate the bullshit I go thru"
"Only slept a fucking hour ah I feel like shit. 4:30 needs to hurry up!"
"i want a boyfriend . im sorry but single life sucks for me."
"'I decided to stick it between my legs.'"
"Poppy: \"What's a horror movie?\" Me: \"It's a really scary movie where a bad guy is trying to kill people.\""
"Just got cut off by a Virginia driver...in PHX! They're everywhere."
"Know, first, who you are;​ and then adorn yourself accordingly. ~Epictetus"
"impromptu mtg in DC. I reached out to Angela. Just double-checking."
"Wait this chick calls herself the gangster nancy sinatra? Serious? Too much instagram too little book."
"Yup yup yup, what it do?"
"how wtf I said hey your like don't touch me !"
"wow guys! That is amazing. Keep up the great work!"
"Don't forget to consider PBS, TED Talks, iTunesU, and MERLOT as learning objects in your courses, says Alicia Tucker"
"Great times in Grants Pass. Headed back to Pdx with ringing ears. Thanks for all the love!"
"Sometimes I really hate you."
"My lazyness made me forget the outlet behind my nightstand, after all this tripping over the extension cord..."
"- we are trying to organize a debate with the Gray for Mayor camp. Can you help?"
"As machines learn to structure data from news stories. What impact will this have on high frequency trading models? More or less stability?"
"No. Didn't know about the place. Maybe next time."
"But there is the most amazing solo cello piece happening right now in the City Hall parking garage"
"Prepare for Tower Tavern in KC to explode in t-minus 9.6 seconds if KU holds on."
"Omgg. I got a pillow pet! :D"
"That sounds promising! What are your kids ages again? Mine are 8 & 12"
"haha well thank you! ;) I will take that as a compliment, quick like the CATS! Haha"
"go look at my last couple of tweets"
"no doubt!"
"Does it smell awkward in here?"
"Good morning..went to bed so early last night..guess I was tired!!"
"you both look terrific, great pic"
"Thank you the hickey law firm for your DVD set purchase here in Miami."
"I named my film company after the street I grew up on...'ROSEHAVEN'"
"No you won't...make sure you follow the directions, and you'll feel fantastic."
"One of my all time idols wrote me & she'll b here n Nashville n a few days!! She's one HUGE RAYof SUNSHINE! Can't wait 2 c her!!"
"Wish I was at #4c12, but if I have to be at home doing diss revisions, at least this chapter looks better than I remembered."
"I hate it when days go by slow at my job"
"If anybody has a Path feel free to add me."
"“: Free pitchers courtesy of batch #happyhour #shmacked”"
"Team Trivia tonight! Grab a friend and show off your stuff. Smartest peeps in the room get prizes!"
"Why is it every time we see your name we start singing Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody? ;)"
"Well Yost is a genius now. Good pinch hit."
"sorry that was in response to your tweet about driving to Dallas lol"
"how about No Diggity?"
"Someone needs to create an index of things cool and digital. It is NOT Google -- Google upside down (inside out?). A Dewey Digital System?"
"/grander-for-life"
"I start teaching my first class at the UW tomorrow. Nervous, but excited!"
"against Nuggets?"
"bryan ferry, 66, weds son's ex-gf, 29. good work if you can get it."
"Sounds fine to me."
"You guys have my permission for the crown for this year and beyond."
"simplistic...1)Congress would not have folded 2) Congress may have relented 3) the Prez would wear intransigent"
"Restaurant owners who use bring accountability to their staff. Which in-turn provides a better overall customer experience."
"Only one quarter"
"tenor: two hours before a nooner."
"Thanks doll :) RT :"
"chick fil a (:"
"COME ON BROXTON"
"Boston is a physical team so PP for one or both makes more sense"
"A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. ~David Brinkley"
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY NATHAN!!! I HOPE ALL YOUR WISHES AND DREAMS COME TRUE!!❤"
":O “ Whatever you say you cottage cheese whale 😏”"
"haha just wait till we are available!"
"youtube in class bored"
"Lazy Sunday with friends and giving Joey a good sendoff. What a great Thanksgiving weekend!!"
"Re time machine, you'd think he could pick up his passenger instead of making him go all the way to Decatur."
"Justification is a legal term. The word is a judicial term meaning \"to acquit, to declare righteous, to pronounce sentence of acceptance.\""
"Good move guys. Keep branching out to new markets."
"How old is too old to be goin to the club???"
"Trying so hard to stay awake in Chemistry. This class just gets more boring every single day."
"yeah and it's all coming true."
"on a roll! > “: American or Canadian? RT : what is two plus two?”"
"Team with home court advantage is suppose to win the first 2 games at home so I'm not tripping"
"Thanks for being there for me man, I appreciate it. Keeping the dream alive, yessir... but have a lot to catch up on /Cc"
"LOVE YOU CODY"
"YAY! Class of 2008 Alum here!"
"Even thought the weather ain't good, we still up here n Plan B doing our thang! Be safe ya'll"
"Starting to put together a new show for our big summer tour...what songs do you guys want to hear (no obscure unrecorded stuff)?"
"That was HILARIOUS."
"Follow me to check out my music"
"My 3 yr old just told me \"you're the best girl ever.\" Now if he'll just believe that forever."
"I wanna be a plus size model"
"that gave me a 404 I think they moved it"
"Goodnight People......"
"Yes, I go back on the 14th. Hope to come to London - got a sofa I can crash on?"
"LSU fans chanting \"We want Green Bay.\" A little cocky?"
"This does not include politics. I'm just talmbout the weather! And the scenery."
"Don't tell me what happened, but gaatdayum Josh Ledet and Jessica Sanchez SAAAANGGG on #americanidol!!! Ledet on \"A Man's World\"...shhhhiiii"
"failure is good, tell that to the boss"
"only sort of agree"
"guys seem to do that"
"Happy Monday Tucson! What are you eating this morning?"
"strawberries with nutella :)"
"Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy."
"thanks Mike!"
"Thanks for doing, it, Tim. It was awesome."
"I set goals.... I don't why just do"
"Music touches us emotionally, where words alone can't. -Johnny Depp"
"Alam Pro Cleaning Service is committed to supplying the business community with consistent quality maintenance services at below market pric"
"one of the best shows ever. Need to stat posting over there again. Forums are fab & so well maintained. Unlike some others."
"Just 270 more Follows come on people we can do this!"
"“: How some ppl have over 7K followers and I never see their tweets still puzzles me....” ~ oh it's simple they pay..."
":O what did I say please talk to me on there"
"Thank you much!"
"There is far too much estrogen in this room"
"Heat cancel practice today. I'm thinkin they did it so they wouldnt need to be available to media. I'm sure they'll still do a walkthrough"
"If u want me to follow u, u gotta accept the follow request i sent u. Twitter on some dumb shit right now"
"And the storms come again. Guess its time to get under the covers and find a good movie to watch."
"#InternetSociety Maria at #GlobalINET endorses \"Right to be Forgotten,\" which would be TOTAL violation of US Right to Free Speech!!"
"i just ordered some copic multiliner pens. now i just need to learn how to shade! lol"
"I'm god I don't have school anymore hahaha :)"
"we already follow them ;)"
"I love You<33"
"Yes and... You can hear it, they've got beats for days. So your lyrics, can reach the page."
"is out in the snow! Can't complain about this Chicago winter :)"
"Remember that one time i got in a fight with a friend and now im not in the musical because of it.... yea.... wow"
"How long will I have to wait for an angle like you 2 follow a loyal #Mahomie like me ?"
"My band plays believable"
"Do you want another? There's many more where that came from!"
"Hey ladies, sorry for my late response. I've been on a hiatus :) What is left of a story after Scream 1,2,3 tho? haha"
"Ok the songs done fuck add came on"
"heads up in case you want to follow: - user group twitter"
"Day off after bubbling nightly 65. Played great but card dead. DC for the day with"
"Lol my exs step mom told me I was to pretty to be wasting my time on him....gotta love her<3"
"Turns out it's not going to be tonight on my bday. Poor woman has been in labor for almost 30 hours."
"Experiencing the 80/20 rule today in all its frustrating glory. Any advice for getting on the right side of that ratio?"
"good news to spread! local #loudoun #leesburg #author releases new book in November!"
"this is a fail, and slightly ridiculous... i'm out!!!!"
"gives me an excuse to break out the Counsell shirt!!"
"\"Recognize we run this sh!t\". Coming soon. \"MFYL Fall 2012\""
"Took a walk through tour of Villa Rockledge today in Laguna Beach for our Sunday event. Wonderful venue!"
"#MelloyDodge has a full line of new, pre-owned and certified pre-owned, cars, trucks and SUV's! There's something for everyone!"
"FINALLY!!:) RT Senate passes bill to ban all citizens over the age of 50 to be on the internet or call Tech Support. More at 8."
"#Amazing how even a small dose of #positive thinking can change the entire outcome of a situation."
"What are you doing for the games tonight? Having people over or going somewhere fun? Be safe & have a great weekend!"
"For some reason, I don't wanna go to sleep. #can'tfallasleep."
"<3 RT : As long as you are passionate about your vision, you should keep moving forward"
"#MM #Follow these great"
"Relaxing Monday."
"#lakers .... Stop making excuses for Kobe since they lost the lead..."
"ah I'm more than obsessed!! I watch at least 3 episodes a day."
"we are playing in Boston on May 31st and in New York on June 3rd! Will we be seeing you there?! :)"
"“: did she get preferential treatment because of her skin pigment?”. 📢📢📢This is UNCOOL!!!📢📢📢"
"#TwoThingsThatDontMix and Pardon the tonal shift guys, but that story was sad."
"my bad aiite well catch up"
"Well I guess we won't be sweeping the thunder..."
"Treasure Box San Diego's March menu available now - feeds a family of 4 lunch & dinner 4 about a week - check it out www.thetreasurebox.org"
"Working on 2010 season games to digitize and upload..."
"hey how come you do not follow me chris please i love that music follow me please when you get this i will be so happy please"
"I have the song cockiness stuck I. My head. Why??"
"Ok. That sounds like more fun anyway. :P"
"#Top100Lies \"you're the only one I want\" HAHAHAHAHAHA. Jokes."
"Happy birthday to my best squirrelmate "
"jacksonville get it right"
"I love The Real Housewives but I can't deal with these OC bitches, not a one of them."
"“Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well” -Voltaire"
"still you never know hit up my phone next time"
"Really looking forward to sharing the stage with Rees Finley and Alex Pachino at Tommy's Place next Saturday! 3/24"
"Whitney's hauntin' me. Can't get the lyrics of \"Wanna Dance with Somebody\" out of my head. So when the night falls/My lonely heart calls..."
"so that explains it! However, I skip the meat & fish and am still quite fulfilled ;););)"
"RT : I may go eyeliner 4 my nxt management mtg. Eyeliner could B the power tie of ths decade. Or the next pink slip."
"I think Britney Griner has better post moves lol"
"I second that! Love polenta cakes, too! RT : That sounds awesome."
"AND MY LUNCH MONEY. Today's gonna be bad."
"I'm just happy anyone else is wearing sneakers."
"woah I know right where you are. Miss my southern fried afternoons sometimes!"
"Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Sonicare Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products."
"Why does it always rain on the weekends?"
"clued me in to '90s party tonight at Club Liv...these folks always know where the fun is and yes, I do hope Zack appears!"
"Whosoever will let him come-Jesus said that..that means #GoToChurch! You my brother You my sister get there..God has something just 4 u!!"
"Sometimes the only thing left to do is wrap your arms around each other one last time and then ... Let go!"
"There will be a CD release party @ The Orphanage for ATHENS local Chicago band.8pm 643 west 31st street. www.onelonetree.org"
"..... Hahaaa you should probably be the next Hitch"
"Just passed a dude in Central Park who was running bare foot"
"Our May newsletter \"Pacso Breaking Ground\" should be hitting your inbox any second now! Not subscribed? Message me I'll add you!"
"Intriguedly jealous! MT Inhotim (Brazil) was absurdly cool, one of the best contemporary art experiences I've had, ever."
"you are killing me right now!"
"\": You can never talk to God too many times in the day. #thoseatrthebestconvos\""
"It is!"
"Watching My Week with Marilyn"
"So 'discreetly', he basically told me he likes me, but i'm too young. Fmllllllllllllllllll"
"a coat of many colors my momma made for me, always the step sister!! My wardrobe can't compare to Tara, and drew!"
"I love her so much. She's like my Kevin but in a girl form."
"Oh cool! Thank you. That would be awesome!"
"2 and a half weeks then... Jamaica!!!"
"Saw you on Good luck tonight!"
"you are always welcome!"
"S/o to the beautiful happy birthday !! <3 I adore you :*"
"In my opinion, #psych is a very underrated show"
"I will see you TONIGHT! 7 p.m.! Come learn, explore and get efficient! Public session on home energy improvements with ME!"
"started Monday"
"prayers coming your dad's way."
"I want ice cream!! 🍦"
"possibly. Who sets the bar on these things?"
"Good morning! Its time for a cup of coffee."
"I love that my tattoo artist knows exactly what I want!!! Yay #3 😃👍"
"getting work done until a little after 4 hopefully then flyers game and #ogilvycraftsmen tomorrow, hopefully a great birthday gift waiting"
"Did you see the Easter Bunny on this morning? In case you missed him hop over to #Alpenrose tomorrow morning, he'll be there ;)"
"cool nick.."
"To many good #tvshows going off the air"
"it's a Monday night. I'm surprised your not drunk...?"
"Heading to ladies night tonight at . Half priced wine bottles is for guys too."
"So i absolutly love von smith! HHe is an amazing ssinger"
"Another great presenter..and he is using prezi"
"you're very welcome! hope you're well enough to enjoy a BIG turkey dinner on Thurs :-)"
"wine in kegs?"
"Tough loss in hockey tonight... Time to regroup for next week."
"\"If I cant have you, no one can...\" WTF only crazy people say that O.o"
"Cinnamon raisin bread & green tea to cheer me up."
"No fair, gets his braces off in 7days but I get mine off in another year!Life just isn't fair..oh well.But happy for ya Austin!"
"We'd love to cook for you! :))"
"Its like twenty degrees warmer in the hall than my math room."
"Waiting on this good pizza though"
"I LOVE YOUR HAIR SO MUCH!!!"
"Happy Birthday Girl..:)) Love Yah..xoxo"
"You know it! New episodes of and Supah Ninjas tonight on PM EST!"
"yes hes my second favorite and the niall(:"
"Your tweets are the best I love them."
"RT - Reds got lucky 1-5 vs Cleveland Indians this season."
"Cannot wait for #OpeningDay tomorrow!!! Let's go #Brewers!"
"Boy Im Faded.."
"Many thanks!"
"So, now that the super important football title is decided, can we get back to Syria?"
"oh, just catching up on timeline, I see some beat me to that observation..."
"It looks like this is going to be a Blue Monday"
"I need to see if we have any recordings or other material about Col. James Pattee & the Old Soldiers Fiddlers at CPM."
"thank you very much! Happy Friday to you too!"
"yeah it really is. Remember when we were cleaning the cabins and watching it while eating all the leftovers. Good times."
"Behind the videos: Who is Jason Russell? (via )"
"something told me not to come"
"Rep Cohen talking about resurrection of BTW's neighborhood & our partnerships! He is flying back on airforce one with Pres Obama!"
"have no choice I be back in the summer"
"Dead ants found in cookie-eating girl's ears"
"Can you DM me it i wanna read it to?"
"RT : Well I'm officially disappointed."
"so much love to my Boston followers for helping me track down make up artists.... you folks are movers & shakers.."
"I wish would live tweet during the Spurs FA Cup semi...provide me some English insight..."
"We're sorry to hear that, Marissa. Please DM us your room number so we can fix that for you!"
"Bro , You're a pussy.."
"slait: RT tywebb Fav quote from #sla2010: \"Some use information like a drunk uses a lamppost—for validation and support, not ..."
"...to get the most from your talent. \" - Nolan Ryan"
"That sounds nice & relaxing. Give Gizmo a hug/squeeze for me. :) See you in the morning, sisterly love!"
"RT : Every single person in your company is potentially a spokesperson. at"
"Great being back from vacation & seeing new fantastic followers! TY"
"loner freak"
"Camtasia allowing export of a single frame on the timeline from the scrubber position is fantastic"
"That sounds like bullying! Off to the re-education camp with you!"
"St. Patty's Day less than 24 hours away! Better get some sustenance in your belly. Lucky for you, it's Wing Night at TK! 25c wings till 10pm"
"Who doesn't like a massage for free? is giving away $100 spa certificates today! Check out their twitter!"
"It's always awkward when you go to get a pedicure and then when they massage your legs you realize you haven't shaved in a while."
"so true! Any specialty cocktails today?"
"DC should read Michele Alexander \"the new Jim crow\"."
"Happy hour. I mean New Year. Happy hour New Year."
"These real Madrid players are just a bunch of pussies"
"suicide alert"
"Workflow talk--messy presentation for a messy topic. Not blaming speaker, but it's depressing trying 2 get a handle on it."
"omg it's okay <3"
"i hate when my pet unicorn is yelling at me for no apparent reason....just sayin :)"
"that's right!"
"I live in a world where everyone believe in freedom; but almost everyone thinks its okay when other people's freedom is taken away wrongly."
"haha - good point. But it was especially bad yesterday. Over 100 people in line!"
"*sigh* Oh Buckeyes.... no worries, I'm still a fan...."
"Ooh, I have new followers!"
"you know I'm always here if you need me. ya could call or shout me anytime."
"i do love when people walk away when i'm talking to them -__- thanks mom, youre cool"
"not how I expected my morning to start but God knew what he was doing"
"Talking about the #future of #ala 's web presence. Flip charts, 4 colors of markers, testing assupmtions, achieving agreement..."
"Liberty is the breath of life to nations. ~ George Bernard Shaw"
"My cat whines like a little kid. She's so cute."
"Two free drinks from Starbucks in under a month. Starbucks and their baristas are the best."
"I think MOG is filling the Lala-shaped hole in my heart (and ear). Radio just played Detektivbyrån, which I'd discovered then lost ages ago."
"#Royals win 6-3 over the Angels in Anaheim. 1-1 record now."
"I'm in the processes of writing a novel that I hope to one day publish :)"
"I'm wearing UK when I'm not wearing UK."
"FYI - Northside Social is hiring full time staff interested in coffee, wine and food."
"#gratitude: Warm bed, red wine, another client, new and interesting people, dogs, the kids and quiet moments to think without dogs and kids."
"yes, I am eligible, but doctor and de thought it would be better to take humalog and lantus via shot-pump would be better - alas!"
"In addition to lurking on Facebook, what else are you doing on this snow day?"
"no dress codes at"
"I freaking hate waffle house."
"I enjoy writing on my iPad and while I've thought about connecting a bluetooth kb to it, I've always shied away due to bulk."
"- The 2 songs I've heard sound terrible to me. Maybe I need to listen again."
"Great to see you this AM! PRT : Catching up with with coffee & conversation...."
"I love her."
"I'm making up words right and left over here, dammit! That wasn't one of them."
"If love isn't a game, why are there so many players?!?! --- The INSANE Cousins"
"thanks for the follow"
"UGH. why does my fucking brother get everything he wants & never gets in trouble but i always do? i'm so pissed off right now."
"thanks for the shout, glad you like my work!"
"PJ & Hillary played well. PJ had a few nice tackles at the LOS. Hillary was beat deep once, but a poor throw saved him."
"Nice to see you this morning! It's been too long. You guys do a great job organizing the breakfasts."
"Obvs you'll be a better judge than me, but it should be fine."
"Likewise! So great to meet you and learn more of your story. An exciting time for you and Filament. My best & lets stay in touch!"
"The information in a book is not just textual but infused with memory - Richard Minsky, paraphrased"
"#GoingRed with cinnamon butternut squash and red potatoes!"
"Hey awesome job last night! Did you always know you could sing like Valli or is it something you just discovered?"
"Polo i got horse power"
"Enter stage left, the 2011 Lincoln MKZ Hybrid, which is making its big debut in the Big Apple."
"finally getting some whalers put on my arm today, who will win the battle of blubber"
"One month with my beautiful girl<3"
"Goes with tonights episode (prev post)"
"Boom RT THURSDAY on EITM Danny McBride, tickets to see , another chance to see w/ in LA, and more"
"What's the last #MadeInUSA purchase you made? Were you happy with it?"
"RT : visit us 3/16 6pm ? SYP will throw out some pizzas on us for the tweetup crowd."
"Them bitches must be crazy thinkin they can judge me!!!"
"I'm totally going to use that talk in my Information Literacy class this week!"
"It feels so freakn good outside"
"Hrmmm no and the show breaks down. Coincidence? I think not! #he'sthegluethatheldtheshowtogether"
"Rise and shine, campers!"
"ok can do. sorry for delay."
"POTTERMORE. Y U NO LET ME IN."
"congratz that so cool"
"Durks for the BULLS game tonight with some trouble makers. Scared for my life."
"Q: What is the role of stories and music in building peace and making social change?"
"Tasha from Kansas says My first time in Vegas"
"It sure is. But not only do I read, I also design books, develop plots with authors in various meetings, and publish books!"
"omfg A-Train/Prince Albert is back in !"
"Woke up, saw your \"airport\" tweet, stunned that you didn't get out yesterday!"
"Nor do they value your trades. When will I be able to peruse them?"
"- We will def. take care of it. I can't find the original email Cathy, can you re-send to ?"
"Why am I in class when there are 4 tournament games being played?!?"
"tell me y I watched that the other day and was weak LOL"
"Just started this twitter thing... interesting hmm"
"Thank you! It's truly our pleasure because we LOVE our community!"
"Really wishing I could see you at ! I may pop in early...what time are you on?"
"All I want right now is devil dogs ! ( didn't get my fix last night )"
"and aw u saw Bonnie Dune?! how awesome, we should see them together one day fo sho! then hot cookies!"
"Maybe I should paint my nails before I bite them all off"
"#prssana Ethics tip: maintain the integrity of relationships with basically everyone. :)"
"No Ladies?!?!? RT Talk to RT Looking for 5 new york city based dudes for a cooking feature. Any takers?"
"Thanks for stopping by!"
"Rad! Nothing wrong with tattoos that only exist is our minds eye!! Some tattoos I've seen IRL should probably have stayed there!"
"thanks so much man! really appreciate it! RT I love acoustic music, you make good music! fate brother!"
"I'm paranoid cause I'm in the Porsche."
"love it."
"Greatest artists need people like you! Thanks for supporting independent music!"
"Thank You Lord For Being With Me Always.. I Love You..."
"Mondays are offensive to me lol"
"So in love with song"
"Need more followers? FOLLOW they get you new followers in minutes!"
"not much my man! sup with you? hows nyu?"
"Can't stop thinking about you"
"lol no one follows me"
"I really hope he moves on... He doesn't need her!!!"
"Help: I'm addicted to cinnamon hard candy."
"Straight, No B.S. tweeter"
"is it?"
"they say in the sleep state..the brain thinks much more visually and intuitively...."
"we lived in CO on both sides of the mountains for 30 yrs. when did this happen to your g-ma? Damn girl that just sucks"
"\": Happy cinco de drinko everyone!\" I wish :(( have a beergarita for me"
"I can't wait until I leave Oregon."
"Girls, just because the guy that you want doesn't like you back, doesn't mean that you aren't beautiful."
"I expect to see lots of bithday wishes for my man Happy Birthday Dude!"
"Ain't even sleepy no more.."
"extreme circumstance, living in a foreclosed rent free house thus no repercussions for damage."
"Just wakin up to sum kush in the air n The wood playin on tv"
"I'm prone to hyperbole, but one of the best meals I've ever had."
"Eminem is so good looking omfg"
"Kim Looks AMAZING and HOT!! Go Kim!!!"
"Lightning outside looks like magic... Look out a window like we did as children as it pierces the landscape while thunder roars"
"Ok. The Audi #commercial was disturbing."
"When you're sitting there with your pants around your ankles think about all the shit you want out of your life and flush it away."
"I just don't want Hirsi as the face of the revolution. Structurally flawed. LMAO."
"fasho... the culture been getting rapes"
"Just heard an excellent discussion on Horror movies post 9/11"
"Can you believe it's almost August?!?!?"
"Off to Upenn grasp lab today. Hope to see a recreation of the bond theme quadcopters. Maybe they cab lend us one."
"with mi amigos"
"You shoulda asked me about Lampley's show. I watched baseball instead. He is one of the guys is talking about."
"where u moving? Not away from the Bay I hope!? I always suggest men should try @ least one dance class and yoga @ least 1ce!"
"yes he does. which one did you just see?"
"who knows its all guessing at this point"
"we will have too oovoo but not yett... Ill tell u when"
"I really should...I need summer haha"
"Are you suggesting I'll be fired? Naughty!"
"RT : New line-up for Belltown Restaurant Tour is set to feature Local 360,Rob Roy,Shiro's,Branzino & Spur."
"Congratulations to LaMont J. for his first performance as a solo artists! We are so proud of you"
"Well im your follower cuz youre extremely cute. And you seem really sweet. I followed you after Justin followed me Im YOUR fan;)"
"Favre threw 2 no-lookers against Baltimore. Both were completions."
"What if he's broke like me?"
"Yay! We'll be there shortly!"
"His family gone hold him down tho."
"comes visit me at the Michigan Ave location!"
"i wish we would have filmed it!"
"if only we tithed more, we could get you an XBox and you could add some Halo and Modern Warfare 3 to the mix."
"still cloudy and rainy in Sactown. #wtf? it *is* may correct!?"
"New Twitter iPhone app is slow enough to be utterly useless. Sticking with TweetBot!"
"tweets = my life . <3"
"#mythoughtsatschool thank god this smelly girl left my table"
"Thank you <3"
"One of those nights where I don't fall asleep. Yeah."
"Houston, we have a problem. I REALLY want to go home. Please get this plane fixed so I can get back to BNA ASAP!"
"My BFF graduated with her MBA today and nothing would make her happier than you congratulating her !!"
"RT Kindness is more than deeds. A smile, a hug, a touch. Anything that brightens another person's day!"
"can someone send me the link of justin with ryan and justin is wearing a blue hoodie, shorts, and a red sox hat?"
"What time did you go to bed... BabyJ got up at 9 this morning"
"The Silent Assassin Brandon Roy, one of the NBA's best change of pace and clutchest player's is retiring! A very big loss for the game!"
"Some stats are useless.."
"why doesnt she want u to?"
"me too man, allergies are killin me"
"Where the single girls at"
"nope just no ones playing at the moment"
"NO MALACHI THIS CANNOT BE RIP"
"fuck you, united parcel service"
"I FIGURED OUT WHY , WHEN BONE THUGS COME TO TOWN FOR A SHOW ONE OF THEM BUYS YOU DIAMOND GIFTS !!!"
"#GOLF #CHICAGO Magazine is on site today filming about our resort and #Scottdale's top courses!"
"Don’t let life be a burden. We all know something about being burden."
"I have a tool called Google that tells me you got Pipit from Jaws."
":) i miss talking to you!"
"Special? You've been telling everyone who would listen for years! Happy that the situation continues to pertain :)"
"Same as what I just told : We moms have similar sentiments. Love your post. And that picture? To die for."
"wishes would follow me...a girl can dream can't she? :/"
"My night would have been better off studying the US constitution and gauging my eyes out with a red pen."
"Is that a real show? I think you can do a bit. It's begging for it."
"first day attempting to capture followers on twitter - if we've followed you, please follow us! www.bartenderme.com"
"tell me about it...ran good last week...this week not so much!"
"2 pages down, 18 more to go"
"Omg ive be glad wen all this waiting is over....."
"Did you see the ricochet? Yikes."
"thanks for the recs!"
"There is nothing wrong with a life of peace and prosperity."
"I charge $50 an hour, when would u like to schedule our first appointment? (:"
"Thank you to my new models (Lilah and Jenna)!!! Sloofies may be sold in a boutique! Fingers crossed!"
"Thanks for the follow!!"
"text mee! My iPad is dead"
"Pope John Paul IX, bringing my black out shoes bra."
"“: People understand you CAN lie but the truth is the truth. No matter what. You can't lie to yourself.”>>yes!!!👏"
"sounds great Pattie! Do you have a stylish floating wine glass?"
"you got a twitter !!?!!?! Yay this is so GRAND ;)"
"They killing it over hea!"
"No bullshit! They play'n thinking shit sweet just cuz it's Denver."
"D Boys Be The Livest."
"Let's get physical, physicalI wanna get physical #themeoftheday :-)"
"#TheMottoILiveBy Fast money, fast cars, and even faster women. 👍"
"Follow Back ;)"
"Just completed Week 2 - Day 1 (completed 1.85mi with run pace of 17:09 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app"
"Last Thought For The Day: Don't ever apologize for your greatness. Be humble but don't hide your greatness. The world needs it."
"I want to get tatted now!!!"
"My Appalachian Choir students want to lead off today's performance with \"Mountain Dew\" and follow with \"Big Rock Candy Mountain.\""
"hells yeah! I Won 's new Cd Too Cool To Care On the radio when it wasn't even out yet. Uh! Suck that Bitches!"
"good job bro! Keep it up...."
". breakfast, leftovers lunch, for dinner & record shopping at Today kinda ruled."
"I hope I will find love like Nonna & Grandpa Grande soon.. :]"
"In chocolate withdrawal..."
"The only joy I can pull from the end of the Bundesliga season is that I am that much closer to seeing my beloved #S04 in person - May 9!!!"
"Every recruit should want to go to Pitt. Evidently you can take four steps if you go there."
"Would u rather pose for Playboy/Playgirl magazine and sell the most in years or star in a porn movie and win an oscar?"
"Y'all twitcon is too cute!!"
"my god, they're shooting 32%"
"Im moving to Miami you have any upcoming events for me?"
"Doing alright! How about yourself?"
"#Thatawkwardmoment when someone spits on you while they're talking"
"Best Monday ever! Open bars, Congressmen, still partying RT : This is so ridiculous, straight crazy! Doesn't get any better!\""
"Do not be wise in your own eyes; fear the LORD and shun evil. Proverbs 3:7"
"just chillin at work being lazy!"
"2011 will bring exciting things for my peeps, accent-wise. Lots planned. Unveiling in a few months. Have a safe New Year's Eve."
"Here we go NYC! First stop is #UFC Sweden with and"
"Lakers remain undefeated (3-0) to their current roadtrip by defeating the C's earlier tonight. Next stop: the big apple tomorrow. M.S.G."
"Scratch >>>> <<<<<Here and smell, this is how your electronically filed tax return smells"
"Burn the corsets! No, nor do you save the whalebones. You will never need whalebones again. ~Elizabeth Phelps, 1873, in What to Wear"
"NO haha just no :D"
"Got a yesterday. It told me I woke up 12 times last night. No wonder I fell like crap."
"Phrase of the day and hope this will make your day! \"When you are thinking BIG, Big Thing Happen\" Have a great day Friends!:)"
"I am too young to be serious and too old to act childish. Such a dilemma!"
"still pretty funny.. and shit u can't hold anything back gotta go for what u want"
"Thanks to the great A/B piece in I've changed the title of my button from *donate* to *support*."
"Twitter is the modern day post it note of our days.once you go twitter, you never go back, you never see the light of day LOL"
"please follow me Jasmine!!!"
">>>> does not come up when I go to click on it to follow"
"can u dm me your e=mail i wanna get your opinion on something"
"I think i'm bi-polar"
"I have a dirty mind."
"thanks for the mention!"
"I WANT PASTA!!! - eugene OF COURSE IT'S ME EUGENE CAUSE LAUREN NEVER TWEETS!!!"
"happy birthday! Follow? Please?!?!?!???!?"
"If the nuggets beat LA it'll be a good night"
"I was kissed with cancerous kisses, by crocodiles. (Confessions of an English Opium-Eater)"
"Be careful who you open up to. Only a few people actually care, the rest are just curious."
"I just published a book and I am a personal coach. I help young professionals land their dream job."
"A Gaugert garage sale?! Please tell me the old Titleists, TaylorMades and Callaways haven't gone yet!!"
"I hate people that say yolo to everything .. One day u'll be about to die and ur last word will Be yolo that shit is stupid."
"It's 10am on Monday morning and #NASCAR is cranking the engines !!!!"
"I need to go to the tables with you."
"Crap does this mean I have to give back his Audi? KIDDING.YAY! RT just got off the phone with Badenhop, he's officially free!"
"absolutely not."
"I hate autocorrect. Stupid Itouch. Oh hey. Anson finally followed you :p"
"Watching the sun set with my boy >>>>"
"RT : Then touched he their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it unto you. Mat 9:29 ~ #Amen One of my fav bible verses!"
"I def think it is an excuse to leave early and enjoy this spectacular day!"
"Spend money on branding! (and shoes an a bed) - Joe Englert"
"its April 21 and thank you:)"
"Not a good combo because I mostly watch this show at the gym."
"Research project for you: Douglas Dev gutting old DC govt printing office bldg, Reed St & Channing Pl NE. Rumored retail..."
"Who's making a resolution for 2012? Tell us what you resolve to do in the New Year!"
"it's always fun to dream... Kegs of boulevard would definitely hit the spot!"
"There's a heatwave in March and you have a Dundee Variety Pack. What do you drink? Pilsner, Pale Bock Lager, Stout, or IPA?"
"I'm Smoking On The Best...#IFeelItInMyChest!!"
"Standing room only at Boyle Heights History Night at Libros - Boyle Heights!"
"Just ran the Columbus 10k - my first race - in under an hour and feeling great! Time for some serious lunch action."
"uh almost lost it. He wants to go immediately. When does it open?!"
"WHO TURNED OFF THE HEAT"
"Concert at 12th and porter with the baby brother."
"So according to my phone my text message memory is full even though I deleted everything. So don't text me because I won't receive it."
"Thx for staying up late to watch Monica. Much appreciated."
"Hey everyone! Thanks for getting me up to 100 followers! <3"
"Chillin with Audra today : ) might go see a movie and thinking about going on a road trip"
"Massive wedgie. Nowhere to pick it discreetly. May have impact on audition. Details to follow."
"Raise High the Roofbeam Carpenters--I've always ignored the comma and said it aloud as if \"roofbeam\" was an adjective."
"Come on Marquette, let's finish this, just need TO knock down free throws"
"Thanks for RTs & mentions: Places, Bill,"
"girl...it will feel good...either way I hope u feel better!!!!;)<3"
"A little early to so checking #ATL for an extra dark pair of shades to combat this sol during #yoga!!!"
"You are welcome, hope it was wonderful!"
"We are now accepting vehicle donations through V-Dac. Very exciting! www.v-dac.com"
"Justin Timberlake is getting married!!! ... I am happy 4 him but 4 some reason I feel like crying..."
"Had my first class last night! I'm super excited to learn more."
"Happy Tuesday Tweeps! Rudolf II is our beard of the day. And no, he is not a reindeer."
"Ohh what part ?"
"haha omg remember when I was blonde?"
"Also, is dead?"
"\"GCB\": stereotypical exaggeration of southern culture and accents. This is no replacement for \"Housewives.\" Predict this show won't last."
"Killed it announcing at the lady comet game yesterday! # winning"
"Thank you Simon Cowell."
"Maybe I would when actually accomplishes something of intellectual value other than cheap political hit jobs."
"Enjoy. Let me know if you need recommendations on where to eat and things to do"
"Some times I don't need the glory."
"I'm ready to c my family n friends this weekend :-)"
"why would you need cold thermogenesis for the a... nevermind. i don't even wanna know..."
"It is only when they use CST that they realize the #communications inadequacies and gaps that exist"
"Sprung Niggas Be Quiet!"
"I know now I wanna watch the whole episode for maybe the slightest glimpse of s mom"
"y'all think i'm playin when i say I party hard...lol"
"We drink a lot of beer around here."
"ah :) okay! Thanks fellow Mahomie"
"it was a pleasure meeting u last night at LAX..hope you enjoyed those Mai Tai's...good luck getting back to the season."
"I eventually loose everyone, its just a matter of time is all"
"Just wrapped my scenes for 'the Locker' - always a little sad to leave the set :("
"funny. Very funny."
"back in Philly."
"Wow! Zynga will take that game over the top!!"
"Don’t dwell Concentrate on the React with Purpose Make shift Your posture should be Lift and squeeze Inhale Release Grip harder Turn off the"
"my dad's buying a new car:D"
"Who has good news about the economy? I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a 'harbinger\" today! =)"
"My dog is purring -__-"
"dude what's yr number I feel like its always changing"
"loving you is like a battle, and we both end up with scars."
"My only complaint-- we've got restaurants here where I get no reception at the register... so I can't connect to get my rewards."
"also, Hamptons Chutney Company is a great place for celiacs to dine on creative dosas and uttapams"
"come cruisin w/ me"
"this makes me very sad. I miss that place."
"Jenny's afraid of water...."
"Hey Andre, Question does Dual Monitor View require more bandwidth that single monitor"
"They just saved both crews... Why didnt they do that 3 seasons ago?"
"SEO Moz - shows framework for a perfectly optmimized page."
"GNeal with three straight buckets against Steve Blake. Towson>Maryland"
"Getting started Making Space for Entrepreneurs and Independent Workers"
"everyone was too busy making wishes..."
"I can not follow you! I do not know,sorry :( yeah me too !!! we are BELIEBERS"
"Follow me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;)"
"media mail, y'all!!"
"its not because he doesnt care it's show biz thats why he replies to celebs instantly!"
"It's Official: Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson Teaming for Fox's 'Internship'"
"Yes. Unfortunately Kohler Co doesn't want anyone to enjoy non-Kohler-owned anything, so the shuttle doesn't leave the village."
"Everyone is not your friend"
"you think you can text me and expect everything to be okay?"
"weather and noise"
"Beautiful Ne-Yo. Just beautiful."
"alot on my mind but i need sleep ima try to sleep so night all"
"then on to B&N"
"Stopped to touch the Kirkland brand jeans at Costco. I didn't buy them, but still."
"Self expression through the unique illustrations used in the voter registration campaign."
"hey follow back;)"
"Wow 288 is my number. I put a link to my other Twitter , I go do one to ths one, my new video I did today"
"you are a class act. Your kindness and intelligence are admirable. Great example!! Thanks!"
"I imagine that yes is the only living thing"
"My Mom is head banging to Bad Co. right now."
"OH: re: Housing Shortage in San Diego -\"They aren't making more dirt, but they are still making more babies! \""
"Hot dog race!!!!"
"Shoot was amazing yesterday! Coming soon!"
"DUMB ASS, I DROPPED THE SHIT YESTERDAY BUT YOU SCENE FAGGOTS WON'T GET OVER IT."
"Carl Von Vechten portrait of Belafonte captures singer in moment of assumed vulnerability. Face partly masked in carnival reference"
"I've been distracted saving everyone's name in a #globalclassroom Twtr list. Teaching 7th gr world geog next yr. I'm so excited to connect."
"Oh...check out our new 4th year logo."
"Getting on a party bus!"
"Warm weather + last day of #SpringBreak = screaming #neighborhood kids."
"no problem, thanks for following :) <3"
"#its2012whyyoustill trynna hit the lean-wit-it-rock-wit-it"
"Just when I'm trying to get my shit together...fuck this."
"they're selling the shit out of the Silver Skulls prints here at"
"Today is Day 2 of Milwaukee Film Fest 2011. What are you looking forward to seeing?"
"Actually, we have some people down here that give 10 dungs!"
"no problem following, and thanks!"
"Love running into twitterless kate atwell and at Walgreens and winning a free 16x20 poster :)"
"I do love wedding shows, but I still don't get David Tutera-he's better than Barbara Walters at getting the tears..."
"yeah some of us have sensitive egos too. Its hard being a manly man sometimes. heh."
"Anyone know where to get art supplies these days?"
"Go after past customers before spending time or money on looking for new ones -- a reminder from Good advice."
"dangerous move, Mr. Patronik."
"Till the next birthday, at least!"
"freakin hysterical photo! Did you sample to fried gluten? Where was that?"
"What's the magic word tonight? BACON!"
"What are you eating?? I have a deadline to make."
"Hoping for good news from the specialist next week, we're all pulling for you here in Miltown."
"you need to come to Oklahoma <3"
"I sleep good night"
"Roses are red, violets are pink, did you just wink.. At me? c; looool."
"Its Thick As Fuccccccck Up Here Im Pissssssssssed !"
"After this semester of school I'm deff moving back to the city"
"I was good in school before A became a number. And rocks were more than just rocks. And in a book everything has a meaning."
"I heard It was a good movie I just rented the hangover 2 lol"
"OH MY GOD! I can't wait to get paid. I'm going to Connersville fo sho."
"geesh i hate english maybe if we didnt have so much work it would be a lot funner"
"#gcyale : Tech policymakers think of censorship as filtering at the internet gateway level. But China only filters int'l sites."
"so guess who got a solo in invisible?"
"fuckkk. i was doing hw and i closed the wrong page -.-"
"most likely. Which is nice of him. I mean to not judge us as being only fans and not girls just hanging out at the pool."
"Well only 69 more followers until we get to 1,000 on Twitter... Help us out and RT if you're feeling kind today!! :)"
"oh that word was for me too!"
"VOTE CONSERVATIVE for lower tax,no mandates,less regulation, more jobs, more wealth"
"Has anyone seen a mobile site, where clicking on the \"contact us\" brings up a contact card? Please share."
"I have a bad habit of texting back o;"
"Bitch.. We took the nite!"
"Gotta play the Canadian COOP all week! Hopefully something big will come out of it!"
"best friends with a cute boy? I think this could work"
"LET'S SIT ON TWITTER & BITCH, GUYS. WE'RE SO COOL. #STFU Time to unfollow some motherfuckers."
"Once again, my inefficient mosquito prevention methods make me wake at an ungodly hour and write. Don't worry, no malaria or dengue here."
"well u can't, but play hard or hardly work, hahaha"
"Can somebody share the \"idiot's guide to persistent URLs\" so that I can start using them?"
"Is #starting to #see the"
"Totally agree!"
"I want my 4,000th tweet to be me taking off from the airplane to Rome. I think I can do it..."
":P how was your day on my birthday? Hope it was fantastic! :P"
"- Wow, what a great project! Thank you so much for the follow, i'm looking forward to all of this! And i feel kinda cool.... ;-)"
"Anchorman-ing with , , and Hannah. She's"
"New Moon may be replacing Prime as the worst movie I've ever seen."
"So sad that is no longer on American Idol. :( You're still amazing in my book dude! and still my favorite!"
"Current answer is \"no\", but it's something to explore. I paid for VT out of my own pocket. The new committee (DL) should help."
"Gov't shut-down? At least the mail will be on time!"
";)) You're the fucking best.! But all jokes aside, when r me nd u getting married.?"
"I just gave in and started using the twitter lists feature and it works very well for me."
"Had a great time last night with the team at cafe 787 ...shoutouts to"
"Guess ill be doing some recording"
"Why does my cat always sleep with his butt pointing at me"
"In my #journalism class learning why #badnews seems to dominate. It's too bad that this is in fact true."
"re: impact - I wish I knew. Similar to the impact of a publication, I guess?"
"Memorial leaves the bases loaded but they still lead 2-0 over Cy Woods bottom 6th."
"Do you have any idea when you'll be speaking at BarCamp Milwaukee?"
"after all this time, i just wonder if this is justice or action under pressure. I'll keep an eye out on the results."
"west side , fiddlesticks where u at"
"You're welcome Abby. Glad you and Em could connect. She's passionate about two things: PR + Right ?"
"mind must stay flexible like body older u r more u need to stretch= resist gravity's desire to compact vertebrae: mentally AND physically!"
"let's go tarvaris! Oh wait..."
"Tanning relaxes me, I love it."
"We want to know what's on your Xmas list this year?"
"Oh, thank you--me too! Haven't chosen an apartment yet, so feeling a bit nervous. The Universe Will Provide!"
"\": My nigga coming thru next weekend. We just might hit the relays one time.\" We in there cuz"
"u know u famous when u asign ur twitter followers a number"
"I'm so exhausted from watching that game"
"did you end up resolving your Fusion Tables KML to GeoCommons issue? sorry we didn't see it before"
"you're"
"In town to watch the #Saints defeat the Giants? Swing by Vitascope Hall for a drink and one of their famous burgers!"
"Retweet Extremely heavy rain/wind now nearing down on Galveston proper. Island being hit pretty hard."
"I get on twitter to see that loves me! That just makes me 10 times happier."
"Life goes on...some ppl u must leave behind in order to accomplish what God has laid out for u"
"Who else wonders.. what if someone could read your mind?"
"Congrats! See you in Boulder."
"Thank you for coming out!"
"Watching Mark Wahlberg get pummeled to the sounds of Neil Diamond's Sweet Caroline"
"follow me sigeme"
"What is the best thing we \"Americans\" can do to stop the violence here and in Mexico?"
"If you think I wouldn't shoot a man dead for a chance to ref the puppy bowl, you've probably never spoken to me."
"idk lol she'd either be rooming by herself or with someone she don't know lol"
"you ready to rage in AZ on saturday? Because I sure as hell am! Yeee haww!"
"how do you submit your business for your living your dream segment?"
"Do you know someone involved in the show?"
"Got rid of my Sierra Designs Flex bag and got a Montbell SS Burrow 3. After 5 different bags, shoulda gone with Montbell in the 1st place."
"s/0 my sister CRICKET doin' her thaaang today JV Champs today ! LET'S GET IT ! SAVAGE is a bloodline !"
"looking fwd to meeting this week! Happy to have ya stop by and do the Coworking thing!"
"i paid $15 for this shitty internet on the plane that won't play netflix or hulu... argh!"
"Leaving Brookwood High now! And it's nice and sunny outside!"
"Jumping out of a plane on Sunday...wheeeee!!!"
"sky mall is amazing."
"Santa Monica is getting new smart parking meters. More ways to make $ and rip off the community."
"Michael Carroll wants copyright to do its job in society, which isn't happening now."
"is chill ill tell you later in private haha"
"Fun Event: Civic Center Park will be transformed into an urban ski resort w/ Denver's Big Air Competition on Tues Jan 25th and Wed Jan 26th!"
"Girl shake that Laffy Taffy !"
"If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. ~Dalai Lama"
"guaranteed most of my colleagues don't know what a Boolean search is. . ."
"I'm fresh I'm fly I'm always high"
"For every action there is an equal and opposite government program."
"Busy. I have alot of things going on. Good thing I'm a multi tasker! :)"
"No Txt Bk? Oh OK!"
"lol people think i'm cute."
"this is true --> rt “: Perfect day for outdoor munching at (@ Taylor Gourmet)"
"I forget 23 like I forget 17 And I forget my first love, like you forget a daydream"
"oh fuck that. I won't even let Saul dribble a ball Til 830!"
"RT : Aloha receiver Sheldon Prince out with left foot injury. Grant leads 37-27 entering 4th"
"Get a rope!"
"Osama Bin Laden's final words. Look Ayman I am now a mayor on Four Square."
"Coming up next on the TJMS: Stephanie Robinson has your commentary! She's putting some purpose in the party!"
"team LA lets go"
"Pray for #peace & swift justice for the people of"
"these customers are ignorant...im about to cut a bitch!"
"2.5 hour workout at the gym today>>>>>"
"New hot compositions came out my 88 keys. I'll introducing new tunes in November tour...don't miss it"
"apparently there is a pub crawl? My friend is acting like there is only one..."
"Trying Five Guys for the first. Yolo"
"“: You can touch the buns just don't touch the meet” Meat. Dumbass."
"has 80K film fans that would love to connect for"
"Super cute :)"
"Knock Knock? See you guys on the golf course tomorrow..."
"#PlansForTheSummer sleep and eat"
"I know I'm a media dork but I gotta say that the new graphic package on looks pretty tight."
"Ha - Saw that earlier. Hoping they make a stop in Chicago this year. Man U came last year, but I'd already seen them lose to SKC."
"I think the DEA will pay dearly for this one. I bet they are calculating how many millions it will cost them to settle this one."
"First shot"
"The taps are flowing again after 2+ days.. The bucket showers were fun but i def appreciate the running water. Life is good in"
"life's ruff"
"IF U DA SHIIIITTTT IM SEWER RICH CAME TO FAR FROM IRRELEVANCE TO BE 2ND BENCHED"
"#instantClassic RT : Jessica Simpson has already taught her daughter everything she knows."
"Can't wait to see the bears romp all over green bay!"
"Late Night Vibing Out To This"
"Pizza Places: I have such a good idea I can't keep it in til maturity. If you sell my idea, just pay .01/pc sale for 2 yrs. To EZ 2 Ms. 5412"
"and are presenting Beyond the Storm a film focusing on the post Katrina women of New Orleans!"
"It's going to be a productive and insightful Public Programs Section meeting Fri night at #afs11 - all are welcome, please join us!"
"I crashed out when I got home... I thought I could hang lol"
"Always love working with you two!!"
"Good morning beautiful tweeple it's me Mason guest tweeting again had and interview with yesterday and had a blast"
"Had a blast last night at Ri'chard's...thanks to everyone who came out!"
"dudee I was watching the game plan thee other day and like your such a great actress seriously :)"
"y talking to you.. ;/"
"But I feel like I often hear it in contexts (e.g. during Romney's speech) where it's something else."
"Well this is awkward.."
"All you can eat tacos are goin now. Love mondays"
"I love my life now."
"My friend Aline, a fantastic photographer."
"This might come off as arrogance but truthfully, no one can rap like me."
"Go Spurs Go! better win"
"#Storm has arrived in SD with a vengeance!"
"Judges just brought us from 500 to 50 pieces of beautiful DC design."
"Grand Rapids tomorrow(wednesday) @ The Intersection w/ Electric Six! 7pm!"
"I never thought people would be moving to Florida to get away from the heat."
"Only two days left on INCOMPLETE PASSES giveaway on #Goodreads! Get your name in!"
"this is me, except for three months running now, and the offending word is \"digitization\" instead of \"subscription\""
"happy aniversary baby! iloveyou with all my heart"
"This man's moustache and beard are yellow in the middle. I think we are going to get along."
"\"Wanted You More\"-"
"Thank GOD I have a three day weekend this weekend, well now two days."
"One of my grandfather's died right before T was born. I think of it every time T's birthday rolls around."
"Raced home from the BEST BIRTHDAY WEEKEND EVER just in time to order pizza and tune in for kickoff. Didn't miss the 10-hour pregame one bit."
"I will take today to fill my head with new ideas."
"\": I swear, if my memory was any worse, I could plan my own surprise party.\""
"Sometimes the mightiest struggles take place where no one can see them."
"Well tell me woman!!!"
"I'm at the store early this morning and its not even open yet"
"Finally home from work. Beer me!"
"2012, supposed to be end of the world, maybe we all get eaten by the giant earthworms"
"*sexy sax man skit on SNL* *dies*"
"Sing it!"
"I am not a score! What did I do? Lol"
"- it will be the end of your free time!!!! Lol - hope you're good at it, or it will drive you mad!!!"
"Goodmorning Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers out there and to the fathers that play both roles"
"I understand; but I don't think it will be silent for the entire 6 days...."
"Awesome, thanks!"
"I've tried to like #GCB, support the locally inspired show, but I can't take a season 2. The script is just so bad..."
"Thank god #Wikipedia is back! Having to push ESC to access historical background info for Scott's Waverley was killing me."
"Thanks man Could you leave a comment with a link in the gameday thread and I'll get it squared away in a minute with"
"just click the follow button pleasee!!"
"Loved part 1 of the performers showcase. So fun!"
"I wonder if they will laugh when I am dead?"
"I'm not even Beatles fan really ... but and sound amazing singing Yesterday!!!"
"You know you have someone scared when they throw out twitter shots at you without thinking. Nothing like competition."
"uff been busy, but twitter i'm back OH YEAH! ;) haha! LOVE YOU GUYS!"
"A passenger of the quarantined flight tells that it is bug bites on passenger, not infectious disease, via"
"loved the #FiggeStudentFellows presentations last night? think u could be one? students can look for 2012-13 applications in Aug!"
"Nice, I'll check it out!"
"THIS GIRL!!! *victorious dance*"
"I Know!!!!! When I got them I was all dramatic and dropped to my knees and was like AH!! Lol very pretty pic I see btw haha"
"Loving my #klout topics at the moment. New to the list? Typos! I hope they mean that I hate them."
"what was it?"
"Happy birthday to my nigga Shawnte. Get drunk for us both homie. But be safe."
"Yesterday I dreamed that I moved to Texas, went to a new school and everyone liked me. If only that dream were reality. 😔"
"those nights where you want to sleep but your mind just races.."
"Vinyl is the new black. Due to #tech physical music instruments are becoming a novelty"
"And of course the free station coffee."
"3 largest US health providers give Wisconsin School Districts millions of dollars to fill budget holes. Districts hold out for recalls."
"Good relationships don't just happen. They take time, patience and two people getting through all the hard times together."
"Thanks--I wasn't!"
"I have no idea either..."
"You would. Only you. At least you'd get pictures of it."
"How was everyone's Christmas?!! We are open regular hours today! Come by and keep the holiday cheer flowing!"
"Thanks! Can't wait to see it! RT : Rob, Larry, Michelle & Mark Ockerbloom of 2day, shooting PSA for"
"Giving a Q&A oriented speech this weekend. Any questions you'd suggest I ask?"
"you used to be hilarious until you started tweeting twice a minute!"
"RIGHT? I know. Ah. Die."
"It's all your fault."
"Thanks love! Back at cha!"
"Ppl keep telling me that all my hard work will pay off but my hard work is getting harder these days..."
"My brothers birthday today….is another great day in his memory...HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARVIN!!!"
"Happy Easter to all my peeps. Have a good day !"
"he's talking to bush?"
"OMG tweeps!!!! ZOMBIE strippers, holy cripes baby birds!!!! LOL wanna play with my friend and me?"
"All versions, all seasons, or just the current edition?"
"Has Evanston been caught in a temporal wake for the last decade? How have so few things changed?"
"The late night bus crew is INYERESTING...to say the least."
"I told moms happy mothers day last night at 12am"
"you're welcome! Thanks for the link, I'll definitely have to read up! :-)"
"Wow, just got spammed by someone with an Oprah avatar. That's a new one."
"Did you know that you can order hardware online here: www.doitbest.com Over 60K items to choose from. Shipping to any of our stores is free!"
"Dr. Fab is truly Fab! :) Glad you like the post. I had fun writing it. :) And nice to meet you!"
"#BlackMamaQuotes \" What the hell you crying for ? I'll give you something to cry about !\""
"Congratulations, !!! Who's fortunate enough to call you a part of their team?"
"Awww, rats, I missed it -- just now checking my mentions! Thanks for the heads up though! :-)"
"Thank u I live #4EvaNaDay minus being a rapper. U capture my life in that mixtape of my day to day. U saved my life."
"I'm about to drop my website early next month! Actors, Screenwriters, bloggers, post freely directly to Hollywood studios. The biz!!!"
"Scotland Yard Pub Quiz Tonight at 8. Sneak categories: Recent News. Leaps and Years. Pop Culture Math. Films from '82 '92 '02."
"And it may disadvantage smaller companies who lack resources to file early. But isn't this already the pattern with current law?"
"yes even his face a little bit smaller in weight but not by much. I was ready to scout him till I saw he was taken by KState!"
"shocker. going negative on MKE. Again. Be a man - publish the email exchange and questions that promped the response."
"RT : O yes you will, you taken one for the team"
"i was dying. someone posted it on felix's wall. i died"
"Who's teams kicker kicks and recovers the ball?"
"Praying for the students at"
"How bout The Departed on fx. There goes my afternoon"
"lol all you have to do is put \"(sp?)\" in ur tweet after the word and it will respond."
"miss u more are u ready"
"...to finish my BA degree in History and English and teaching certificate to teach middle school."
"I want to go shopping so bad!! But I refuse to buy new clothes until I reach my goal body."
"Actually the fun part is that I'm heading back to UAE *-*"
"Just went for a run lol always make me feel better about myself :]"
"#Dead : Oh no you didn't...Kelly could barely make top 3 finest in her own group!\""
"10,000 people have 's back tonight. That has to be a good feeling."
"thanks for the follow! Love that you're reppin' Boston!"
"My gues: PBR RT : Callers dad arrested for stealing a case of beer and slapping clerk.. What kind of beer was it? I'm goin BL.."
"The ugly bitches at my school are always together"
"Y'all do know the Sixers are gonna EAT the Celtics right?"
"Adele was awesome. Most everyone else, meh."
"At arbor mall gettin my new clothes"
"Now on Pandora: Phish's \"Sample in a Jar.\" Almost makes me want to dust off \"Hoist.\""
"If you have a midnight release party for the #Kinvara3, I'll camp outside. Just sayin."
"lol Oh well I don't watch basketball but hey Kobe is a beast i guess lol"
"It has been a long time since I've rock and rolled. I've been getting the shakes in the morning. Thank god for shows this week."
"Business Launch Call Tonight @ 7 pm Est.. Join us @ 641.715.3200 access code 670048"
"My laptop is cool; you can swipe your fingerprint..."
"I'm ready! “: Join and for #designtv live at 5pm ET! We are talking #tradhome mag from ”"
"If I make a mail client, it's going to pop up a dialog box ever 10ms if it can't find the server…just like Sparrow :("
"shit I gotta wear two to hold these bad boys down! Lol"
"Second week of 2012 almost done. Anyone else still writing 2010 on their checks?"
"It is amazing how much you can accomplish when it doesn't matter who gets the credit. The path to greatness is along with others."
"totally diggin the new song! Keep up the good work"
"bout to b back out ther bra"
"me too!! I want him to win it all."
"man i need to get back to scool i have to work out"
"Speaking for all Zimmermans: George, you've lost your surname privileges for ever! Good riddance! Hope the Riveras come to the same decision"
"Sometimes I wish I could give this woman a piece of my mind !!!"
"Headed to LA in a couple of weeks to check out housing and for an interview. Where should I go for the best tacos?"
"story of my life. all day everyday."
"I'm considering it. I just don't know where to go."
"Only like the most publicized hard a lol\": oh okay cool. What's captain Morgan ? Lol\""
"I like when my friends imitate me. I just die laughing!!"
"we love you more."
"ready to put in some work"
"Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes."
"Wow. Did that seriously just happen?"
"sorry I missed this deadline. Woulda loved a tweetup at Langley :)"
"another gem \" I'm such a bitch, My New Year's resolution was to be bitchier\""
"just went on a following spree, my followers n following list lookin sad :/"
"Baltimore - Towson is having it's most glorious day of the year today! Get out and enjoy it."
"go ahead and turn in something i posted about work on my fb into the manager you bitch if i get fired im cpmin after u pussy"
"Fundamental shift in book experience. Will there be difference between library experience & free book you download -like ads?"
"Weirdos having fun."
"One of my all-time favorite books ... and words."
"Stay up to date with current events in #Africa through We are always looking for interesting articles & info to retweet!"
"Well I guess he will never be satisfied ...lol"
"you are my inspiration, thank you for the fact that you are. i will ALWAYS support you. :) i love you. #whosays ♥"
"You bet!"
"Okay, the hell with it then..."
"I want to be a jillianairre so freakin bad."
"Stat: 50% of Biz pros were \"Greatly dissatisfied\" with Blackberry outage. 50% were \"Extremely thankful\" to be untethered for a day."
"thanks for the RT! Hope to meet you IRL..."
"Sweet! Jealous."
"Everything I think of is a dream, everything I say is incorrect and everything that I wish for is impossible"
"ha i'll propably have my own nickname soon"
"BLOG: Nintendo Direct 2012.04.21 Chat and Live Blog"
"I know right :)"
"Flynn, Winston and maybe a WR RT : at this point..what are the dolphins moves to make?"
"that pictures not the best. Hahaha. New one next time!"
"Great presentation today at the sold out Financial Women's Association Entrepreneurs Luncheon!"
"Looking like I'm staying in!"
"should model for Polo! :o I'd buy what he's wearing. =P"
"Maybe I am a city mouse after all."
"True. My rooting is way off. At least I limit it to one tweet here and there...NOT 1,432 A NIGHT ABOUT MY LOVE FOR LEBRON!"
"York, you know?"
"Wiping the slate clean for 2012. What inspires you?"
"Woo!!! Heck yeah! Go Hoosiers! RT : IU > U of I"
"Did say this? \"Music is the background of life. #rethinkmusic Food, travel, sports brands are made better with music.”"
"Network analyzing semantic networks similarities in #discussion #list #posts to automatically identify persons for include lists for"
"please RT for the HS girls in Philly! We will be holding our annual prom fair March 10, 17 & 24 in philly! BRAND NEW Gowns $10!"
"If a \"Bubba\" can win the prestigious Masters Tournament then women should be allowed 2 become members at that same Augusta golf course PIGS!"
"I guess those times i wasnt being taken serious when i was all in were signs to let go"
"Shower time."
"#10Facebooktips the layout keep changing when the hell is they going to add an dislike button on #Facebook need to upgrade that"
"dm Our Business model was developed to generate and grow to $15 Million. Growing faster than we can manage. Want to talk?"
"Sean love it..give me a ring"
"thank you for sharing your story today at @ StJudeCCS"
"obviously your Dominican lol"
"thank you :)"
"19k entering 100/200-25A. Feeling good after a relaxing dinner in the room."
"That's pretty damn funny actually if you don't mind me saying. The sides of my face hurt from laughing so hard. Thanks for sharing!"
"Um flamming hot cheetos sound fricken amazing right now..."
"I'm being blocked by too. Maybe I'm a sociologist following the story too closely."
"Heartbroken friends shouldn't give you relationship advice .... #me&you not them too hahha"
"“: the more you give, the more you get.” Holler!!!!!!"
"Is that thunder I hear. Let it rain!!!!!"
"I second that. RT more excited that I probably should be for the #arduino workshop at"
"Hey iBeliebNDirect! Thanks for following!"
"Trying to explain to what \"stay gold\" means...even after the movie!?!..."
"Let's start a list! Unite."
"what a lovely homage to William Carlos Williams."
"some Mom's feel like they live in a zoo!"
"kobe a bitchh.."
"yeah I was thinkin bout ya haha...well Congrats anyway!"
"even more ironic is that my maiden name is Jodi Nichy, lol."
"No Music tonight, just great food and drinks. Join us tomorrow for some great #jazz with The Bob Sneider Trio"
"Yes! Even after our landlord put another layer of soundproofing between our shared bedroom wall."
"that's what's up. I don't lmao!!!!!"
"My Lenten resolution was to work out more often. Last time I was at the gym was Ash Wednesday. Correction: I gave up exercise for Lent."
"Chips are the most annoying food there is!!!!!!"
"NEW YORK PRO: OPEN CLASS. GET IT"
"I think people should talk more about the moon. Its so interesting."
"Actually would love my to take on SA so I can have a reason to go to the playoffs. Go"
"picture me rolling"
"#Actors - Need on-the-go access to industry resources? Download Actsophia for a comprehensive list of everything & everyone in the industry!"
"More knowledge..."
"shake what ya mama gave ya!!! #imeant #HappyMothersDay :)"
"Thanks for following up!"
"From now on I'm calling Mr. Herman Cain, 'He-man the Cainanator'"
"Been a busy day, but I am getting it done--for once, I feel like I've made some progress!"
"I hate when you check to see how many people are following you and you notice you lost a person. I'm Obsessed with it and I'm not sure why."
"my new two fave words : buffalo and beast"
"#Amen to that! <3"
"open today until 7PM for early voting. Use Delaware St door for easy access to CCB."
"love the name change. will this make u tweet more?"
"thanks Emily !"
"my best clients are creative edgy and stay educated get at me we sound like a match peace out"
"#Blago is back in the volvo and now going to prison...we think. He has to show up by noon."
"You mad bro?"
"HELLS BELLS follow these cool peeps"
"yo bro! all you need is a van! shes in middle school! no ice cream just pizza!"
"no! Too scary lol"
"So long to everyone at #cildc. Up early to catch flight home. Leaving tomorrow for UKSG conference in Glasgow"
"hi.low"
"I don know where these welts comin from but theyre killin me. Tried epsom salt bath, tried benadryl, tried everything :-("
"Just saw a comedy show and now eating cookies and cream gelato. I'm rounding up to the nearest weekend."
"Why would anyone want to suck a dick?"
"that's what they stamped my hand with at the concert... still trying to get that off!"
"Nikon confirms woes with D4 and D800, joins Canon in high-end doghouse"
"how u know lmaoo and that's so random"
"It would be great, to see you in Nashville. I know its late there, have great weekend!!!!! Did you ever get Above the Atlantic video, an ..."
"We just did another round on the website. Tell us what you think. LeftHandClothing.com"
"and if I had the luck .. I also?"
"That's my new location after running into my ex and his new girlfriend on the sidewalk, ps."
"Happy Birthday to Yvette."
"Avoid it, do not travel on it; turn from it and go on your way. Proverbs 4:15"
"Sunglasses and advil, lastnight was mad real"
"Come to SwingFest 2010 with thousands of sexy swingers and see what others have experienced. Who knows, anything can happen at SwingFest!"
"Thanks Mary for following!"
"Robert Shiller UK is in trouble due to another GDP decline and continued AUSTERITY, headed there next wk for a talk"
"I wanna get a Chicago Bulls tat."
"I want to learn at #slbootcamp to take ees who only know f2f learning to social and mobile learning and how I can iuse ipad2 in training"
"I'm surprised James and Wade haven't gone upside Bosh's head for playing so soft...looking like Snoops flamboyant twin out here"
"why cant you see them?"
"Saved #OOMF at the beach and broke into my bigs apartment for him since he was locked out"
"then how does one learn?I like shaking them off and moving fwd but I see no wrong in highlighting some errors."
"We are"
"I just finished a 7.13 mi run with Nike+ GPS."
"I bet you have never even read the Bible."
"I don't hold grudges, I hold promises."
"RAINING!?! What the heck"
"I love that you listen to NPR!"
"coming to Norman Music Festival this weekend? I'll be helping to manage the Blackwatch stage. come say hello."
"IF you go to the tulip Festival, there is a very good Chinese Restaurant just north of town."
"Failure won't ever overtake me if my determination to achieve success is strong enough."
"Driving by myself >"
"RT : #HAllOfFame is Beethoven's 9th Symphony,.......better than anything on the TV"
"Abiding.... always so needed and intensely vital to our life in the Beloved. Abide, girl. Delight is on it's way even more."
"The Wall-channeling-Young tweet was priceless..."
"very cool. How'd it go?"
"Just gave my teacher the worst evaluation ever"
"hey do you guys need a publicist for the new album? senors. hit me up via email. may have something that interests you :)"
"Close enough... you're not missing anything! LOL"
"promo 30x each other?"
"Guilty as charged. So far, so good. Thanks! Howz U?"
"Peralta almost knocks Millwood's belly off"
"Thank you will do. Love people who I can be inspired be decorating."
"Everyday I say I'm moving on, but in the end I never do. :("
"Knox or Ford?"
"The best feeling in the world is holding a newborn! So precious!"
"I still don't believe it..."
"Do you think bands need their own web site? I DON'T!!! Buy your www... point it to FB... and start an email list to keep track of your fans."
"Love it. Big time pick up. We need about 2 or 3 more like him!"
"If so, don't be a \"man on a ledge\". It'll be alright."
"Cinco de Mayo celebrates the Mexican victory over the French army in 1862. And it's celebrated the same way it was won, with a lot of shots."
"RT : New menu starts today : get our corned beef & cabbage on your plate for St. Paddy's! Full menu:..."
"The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. ~ Mohandas Gandhi"
"Definitely ready for the weekend. Got a pile of apps opened, and totally blanked out on what I'm supposed to be doing. WTB Simplicity..."
"All I want is a baby pool and a slip 'n slide."
"No matter how many different ways I tilt my head and cross my eyes, you don't look like Thor. Nothing like Thor. Wait, where are you going?"
"thanks for following me!"
"Judge not RT : you've been trying to get to the library for a while now"
"let me eat that PHAT putty girl"
"QUICK! Everyone overreact, we're doomed!"
"I have a love/hate relationship with iTunes. mostly hate. BTW, hi :)"
"So lazy. SO lazy!"
"Such a long day at work, thought it was friday but its not. At least its Jersday."
"New Media Strategies |"
"Thanks!! I figured you could identify... :)"
"all this mess has highlighted is the franchise vs club model of football...will be interesting to see what happens"
"No one ever loved anyone the way that person wanted to be loved."
"My body is sore from camping this weekend. :|"
"don't think so. Someone in a Purdue dorm reported it too"
"Speaking of food, off to Willy's (no cheese or meat, thank you) to meet up with"
"So there's this boy in my class, and he's flawless."
"T-minus 3.5 hours til the live stream chat w/ from ! Hear what he has to say about his new docu-series!"
"Watching the #Titanic..every time I watch it I wanna cry:( such a great movie!"
"Beautiful sunshine outside right now! What are your #Indy Saturday plans?"
"Verizon air card not working for a year...."
"Mass digitization allows for the fact that scientific ?s of today are not the same ?s we'll have tmw"
"Huge Thank you to Lena for the amazing Oxygen Facial! My skin is still soft and glowing nearly a week later! x"
"that should be a Go right??"
"sounds good my dear! Lol you'll get used to it I just work the basics lol"
"Thank you kindly! RT :"
"back to work today. at the office listening to Pigface. volume at 11."
"Hawks better be fearing the deer now!!"
"Sandy Sheedy is circulating a memo attacking the arena deal.Pls call her office number is 916-808-7002 and encourage her 2 sppt."
"haha, i have no idea either, but thats awesome. Thanks!!"
"#SB46 visitors, it's a beautiful day to check out #46for46 murals, walk up to TURF and visit our fabulous museums: www.indyarts.org"
"Are you going to be at SxSW?"
"RT : Stop by and see us in the morning at our weekly info meeting. 730 am at 718 E Capitol in #JCMO. Get the facts to be an..."
"#drag race #TeamSharonNeedles needs to take the crown!!!"
"Kerzweil's prediction (which have largely been accurate), if you can live another 2 decades, you may live forever. #SXSW RT"
"My head hurts today :("
"Nicky Hilton Sues for $5 Mil -- My Ex-Partners SABOTAGED My Clothing Line: Nicky Hilton claims her high-end fashion line was a coloss..."
"Great tip from Pamela of create a glossary of definitions on your website to boost google search"
"Lincoln Navigator is still doing good, and will no doubt receive a high capacity EcoBoost engine to balance out the thirsty 5.0-liter V8"
"Thanks for the RT!"
"Playing 's Unplugged in the Park at #atlanta Sunday night at 8pm with"
"The dream I had>>>>"
". thanks for the shout out for the piece! We're hella excited to start"
"Glad you are having a great time. :) Can't wait for the premiere of"
"Wait for Jack White or and ..."
"If I can get and 2 follow me.......i will be THE happiest man alive..."
"Puck looks god. Just saying."
"do you know of any Holtby attire w Saskatchewan and Alberta flags, like on back of his mask?"
"have you checked out Newsie it's fast, slick & in the top ten news category."
"#WHEconForum #womenentrepreneurs sitting in the press seats. where are all of the students?"
"Was that the 21 gun salute behind the hounds?"
"Wrote my grandpa a letter in Slovak for his 80th birthday. To the 9 other grandchildren: I WIN!!!!"
"“: I'm following you. ” miss you situation! Let's rage soon!"
"I suppose!"
"thank you..lol :)"
"By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you deleted and blocked. You may now kiss my ass."
"Dave, can you send that? tools for learning!"
"Smokin on da loud so lame nigga be quite"
"You deserve someone who knows how to make things up to you after hurting you, not someone who is very good with just the word \"sorry\""
"You serious? Don't forget where you came from, stay classy loser."
"December 31, 1974 - The Yankees sign Jim \"Catfish\" Hunter to a five-year contract."
"ah. Young Baumann, the competition continues."
"S/O to my nigga that nigga graduating tonight ."
"i like your face!"
"#SAVOR 2012 is in 50 days. I guess I should start preparing. What's that you say? It's ? Perfect"
"1st course: bialy with smoked salmon and blackhawk porter."
"The moon looked amazing this morning!"
"Are we beefing?"
"quiet slave!!!"
"Thank God it's Friday!!!!!!!"
"I do physical therapy like a boss ;)"
"I don't think we've met in person. But pleased to make your acquaintance now. And congrats!"
"Don't just think, do! Don't just speak, act! Don't just wait, move! Don't just pray, try! #"
"man i know ! hhahhaa"
"RT :) high five * agree llill mama"
"u stay goin out of town"
"Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom. Hannah Arendt"
"Berniece Bennett Park was a ghost town...Russell Ranch Park was not a park at all bt there was a cemetery next door!! Headed to Northridge.."
"Anyone want to tell me who it was on Omegle?"
"Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute."
". having trouble buying Star Trek/LSH #6 -- won't download or recognize purchase in any app (IDW or ST)"
"Ok I'm creeped out."
"I fucks with you gentlemen on the #BrassMonkey tip. I'll get the OJ."
"Haven't been in a Wal-Mart since they decided to carry nothing but Angry Birds-related merchandise."
"Thank you GOD for seeing me through. I prayed last night and you are answering me! I'm going after my blessings."
"excited. punk'd is on tonight!!! yay!!"
"#ShoutOutToTheBoys that are great Christian guys!"
"what a coaching job for the mariners, god I love this team"
"oh okay .ty"
"Will do!!"
"Dang man I saw him on Sports Science and the power he has is ridiculous"
"hey.. for al tea lover.. show our twitter page and send us new friends.. we love you"
"i think we got the issue fixed. can you test and confirm?"
"Snowing in Bear Valley. Spring in"
"phone + shower = this tweet ;) hopefully i dont drop it though D:"
"Everryone else is tweeting a lot so why can't I??? :D"
"congratulations to your wife! How are you celebrating it?:)"
"you can run but you can't hide boy."
"#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Dumb & Dumber and go ahead and throw in any horror movie title you want there."
"OK we look fwd to seeing it."
"I found to fine ass let me send you a request"
"cheer so hard"
"what's the deal with Should then, putting out an old assembly on NuGet?"
"My friend's 4G phone just put my 3G laptop to shame. Can't wait till Sprint gets 4G in L.A. and I can afford to upgrade."
"Happy Birthday Mr. #Jaxshow . Enjoy your weekend and see you Sunday at Heat game"
"I need some serious plans for tomorrow... Please"
"Definitely not.."
"#NF <<<<< too funny kita needs to be a Comedian lol"
"Thanks for the mention!"
"lol you telling me."
"Thank you mock DUI for letting me miss my two worst classes"
"I feel like I'm standing in a club with this music on at work lol."
"So far I am LOVING Julie Bowen's dress at The Emmy's....you? Look for my complete best and worst picks tomorrow at mmagazinemilwaukee.com!"
"I'm great. I will follow."
"#ConfessionNight I don't wanna be alone tonight </3"
"Say anything but no"
"Also Eric is going to be joining me. So YAY! - YAY back. Are you preparing him for the clan?"
"Is thankful for so many great business connections in Southeast WI and the Fox Valley. I hope everyone has a wonderful holiday. Enjoy your …"
"Thx for the post, Jon. Dave was larger than life and will be dearly missed"
"iF u GoT sUmThIn tO sAy To Me SaY iT StRaiGhT *CaUsE bEiN aLL sHaDy iS OnE tHiNg i HaTe*"
"hi. iloveyou. okay bye."
"Even when it all just falls apart, I will run to You, Cause I know that You are, Lover of my soul, Healer of my scars, You steady my heart.."
"my pleasure!!:D"
"“: Oh you spend all your time tweeting members of One Direction? Im sure you'll find a real boyfriend soon.” omg lmao so true"
"The human centipede ???"
"There comes a time where you have to let go"
"Craig Sager, you continue to out do yourself"
"Im recordin everything from day one in the gym"
"Don't tell me... Beyonce?"
"lol yea bro how u been"
"8 more followers until we hit 200! Please support us and hit that follow button!"
"Our free web design program is starting again Jan 4th. www.headwebmaster.com"
"WHITE HOT HEAT!!!"
"Goodnight twitter :) follow me n I will follow u back :-)"
"that's what I said lol"
"thank you!! So glad you found me here he :)"
"listen to me next time so i dont have to fight you for the swords ! You and richard have made my list .... (: jk"
"Get your week started right! Stop in at the for your morning coffee."
"Thanks for the mention!"
"OAuth2 Autonomous profile supports client creds or receipt of SAML - as WRAP does. WS* has a lot to it. Question: what is enough?"
"Freaks talk: Dombrowski, positional players, lineup, trades, Inge, playoffs, pitchers & Regner on clutch hitting."
"\": \"MOM COME HERE IT'S IMPORTANT!\" \"What?\" \"Can you turn my light off?\"\""
"Both, I think! And well put, sir."
"In the Nicki Minaj Right by Your Side video her axx jiggled! Like it had the wave effect && everything. YES!! I almost drooled. ^_^"
"To vote for the #Milwaukee99 People's choice award text the piece number to 22333! Voting ends at 7:30."
"an XNFX? That's cool, Im INXX"
"Working on executing our Strategic Plan!!! An exciting time to be a part of our YMCA."
"Great food at the bbq, everyone loved it!"
"So happy that summer is near."
"Someone who keeps shit 100 with you >>"
"boyfriend is going to be amazing. My friends and I are staying up so we can be awake for the release.(:"
"This is how you know I've been married 16 years: I am super excited that I am cooking rice in the rice cooker I got for Christmas."
"I KNOW"
"No you didn't!"
"Enter the Void"
"I should be sleep"
"Trying to reduce my inputs."
"Midweek Poll: Where's your favorite St. Patrick's Day gathering spot in San Diego?"
"I c boo an that whacka video. An this my song! Do yo thang girl"
"Also check out New Money by Lil twist feat. Mison"
"Ran a great workshop tonight ! Might be doing all the readers' headshots!"
"Thx for the follow - you provide the BEST office space support in greater Boston - I'm a BIG FAN!"
"Driving through Hollywood with the top down"
"A red rosebud also means purity whereas a thorn less rose means love at first sight"
"ITS GAMEDAY LETS GO PACKERS!!"
"Check out my NEW SONG! International Love by Chris Brown and Pitbull Remix (Putting Down Tonight) - Jace Spades. It's Official"
"Looks like some All-Pro running from Ray Rice through one quarter.."
"I was wondering the same thing last week. #voiceof90'sbball"
"Watching Basketball Wives with Viggle Mon | 5PM | VH1 Get real rewards just for watching TV."
"Lol dam i didnt know styles p was still alive.... This nigga on stage with some hoop shorts and a bubble vest"
"what a fantastic tune #mirroroflove to end the show on ....well done & lol @ god1"
"So, \"Live Mas\" is 's tagline on their website. Do they realize that mas means more in English?"
"Wants to read a good book on creativity and creative processes. Any suggestions?"
"When was the last time you heard five homeless people on the radio discussing homelessness? Such a valuable conversation."
"Laid Off? Netflix direct to TV downloads using Roku hardware is a sweet & cheap alternative to cable megabucks. I'm loving it."
"I'm cool with voting, plan on going myself. But if you don't feel that you're educated on the candidates or issues enough then don't go."
"Thanks, Kati. Glad you find my business postings useful."
"Hey! No problem!"
"I love having a band that always knows how to make my songs better"
"\"her wounds came from the same source as her power\" ~ Adrienne Rich #poetry (via the enchanting book \"Wild\" by )"
"thanks for following!"
"ELBOW BARS YOU IDIOT!!!!!"
"What won't u put bacon on???"
"so i followed my dreams and my dreams when in the dumps. ): now what am i supposed to do?"
"Smooth leaves, the score. If you need him the rest of the evening, he'll be in the restroom. 3-1 Hawks"
"Thanks for the mention!"
"I wish I remembered all my drunken anger, I swear it's daily"
"blended learning workshop @ #vss2010 very crowded room"
"So I salute the #Fringe fans & all passionate fans who watch live. Without them, you wouldn't have anything cool to watch on your DVR."
"yeah hes a good actor! Pretty cute too! lol!"
"Was #ThatOnePersoninSchool that was a class clown at Corinth High School. Stayed making my classmates and teachers laugh"
": sighh. Im sorry. We are so cool. Just talking on Twitterr"
"this girl that sits at my table, no one even likes her lmao"
"I need 2 dryers to my one washer! Next house/condo must have 2 dryers, or washer/dryer in master bedroom closet/bathroom and another."
"Check out A1skateboards.com, they have amazing skateboards and clothing."
"I found an airtight syllabus, and (kind but firm) consistency on my part made all the difference."
"Oh, you're a model? What's your agency? Instagram”"
"You know, you've tried."
"Did anyone have a tear fall down when they seen the boys on the preview...? Just me... K"
"\"I'm pumped about seeing on March 30th at the HOB Dallas- Get your Tix!\""
"haha oh well."
"Remember: if you have me on speed dial, you can get me on the phone before the lawman gets to your window! 713-222-7577. Put it in your cell"
"Love SlideShare... LinkedIn has a great eye for partnerships. ie. CardMunch is my fave iPhone app."
"Planet Tennis: Well Duh.If Ur focus is pro comp most clubs/resorts r waste of time & money.Take recommendations from top fifty.F#%* the rest"
"To me you just a bummy chick ~"
"Went to Stanley Hotel yesterday and \"Lucy\" told me it's time to \"Release The Tebow!\" even the dead agree it's time and long overdue..."
"84 Dead In Libya Protests In 3 Days"
"Pilot strike grounds 124 flights Industrial action from Iberia pilots caused the airline to cancel 124 flights, affecting many people ret"
"ugh.....deciding on band merchandise is insane.....so many options"
"Looks like I will be headlining the Marquis Theater on August 26th in Denver. I hope you can all come out to it!"
"I don't even know you like I use too which is fucked up but I guess it's life......"
"yep I had one major flare then a smaller one yr later ER doc said ms maybe not my neuro or reg doc so had mri"
"cool. I used to work in the restaurant industry many, manny, many years ago."
"The weather sure has been beautiful lately. What’s your favorite place to explore and take photos at around #RVA? Belle Isle? Maymont?"
"Happy the sun is finally out! Time to warm up."
"You guys were amazing too. Congrats on a great show!"
"Thank you!!"
"Hey guys! I'm glad to be back!"
"if she wins I'm gonna kill myself.."
"Yes i cant wait!! And yea ill be there! RT : yay! Excited for sat? U going the taco spot tonight?"
"#NowPlaying #chess w/ a 6 year old"
"My moms so cute but when she's drunk and dosent stop talking lol I have no words I love her 😍"
"I miss you more. Wyd"
"I love the rain. Too bad my car has a leak in it."
"Thank you! Your Sangiacomo #Chardonnay is one of most popular pours at our !"
"\"the thing that, by means of the fable, is demonstrated as the exotic charm of another system of thought, is the limitation of our own\""
"What the H? I forgot that Pac-12 names 10 players to all-conference first team."
"Was up homie"
"AIRBORNE ALL THE WAY!!!"
"WOW Jordan 8 miles for a 111 Cupcake! #Impressive I think that sounds like a great commercial :-)"
"bye ppl gtg take a nap so tired been up since 4 am and its like 7 pm and so trierd need 2 gym 2morrow 2 wow so buzy diz week"
"Thanks! I'm *so* nervous at the moment with day before jitters but used it as an excuse to by a new bra from"
"Just saw \"The Dictator.\" It was Aladeen."
"What is the hottest album and hottest single out right now?"
"those shoes are redic. Post more photos of YOU."
"THANKS! so btw, how're the app workouts coming along?"
"Killing someone with kindness sounds like a lot of work to me."
"OUCH! I just layed my hand down on my very hot curling iron! Pain."
"The fuckn ain't never been this good..."
"Mother’s Day is a day to celebrate your mom!"
"Scariest day of my life"
"<insert joke here>"
"Segregated without food and light during their period, Nepali women rebel ..."
"We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Denton!"
"Dear #Klout, what's the point of sending me perk notifications if they're always full?"
"That is to say that the faithless tendency is bad cause and effect attribution."
"Lost my phone now I'm back online, gotta admit it was nice not being plugged into the matrix"
"What kind? “: I have the biggest and juiciest apple with my lunch. I could live off of this thing for days!”"
"Tomlin can't go for Cleveland. Called up A guy. Advantage Red Sox?"
"Who called me restricted?"
"Final exam done and over with!!"
"Happy Valentine's Day!! What's the best gift you've ever received or given on this day??"
"RT : You have roughly 1 hour and 30 mins to enter giveaway, go and enter, dont be a fool and miss it! #Bejeweled!"
"Kareem on halftime show. he's a legend, but super scary looking!"
"I Like Ur Crews Style. Keep Makin Good Shit!"
"haha so glad I've been meeting so many people lately. the people I thought I knew sure aren't keeping up with what I thought of them at all."
"I'm sorry to the seniors I let down.. I love you guys.. I messed up."
"Stuck in traffic..hdbushueiwoshd"
"We're thinking about offering a blow dry package. Unlimited blowdrys Monday-Thursday, sold per month. What do you think?"
"That movie is awesome"
"Communication + Trust = A relationship that will last a lifetime"
"yoooo!!!! Like I wish you could see what the heck is going on over here lol."
"Is this play like somewhere famous?"
"Sutter reminds me of Jeebs from Men In Black."
"ISS really fucking sucks.. But at least I'm writing my senior speech 😊"
"Hey, is that a race joke?"
"heck yes we want to be followed by"
"mwah. I love you. "
"Have you gone to PAUL? I miss that place. Best croissants."
"this is a lose lose for me, hate both teams."
"next time I am in Cville we should find those slides."
"SO LIKE.. who wants to be in a photo im making for dylan?(:"
"#MXpresidentialDebate. Interesting, each candidate seems to have their own sign language interpreter"
"Warrior needs food badly. Valerie is about to die."
"After a long day of meetings on our way to the Old Globe !Viva El Teatro! cocktail reception! A fun Hispanic night of theater and wine!"
"I THINK I KNOW WHO YOURE TALKING ABOUT!"
"\" I think the community has the right to voice their displeasure however they see fit...\""
"hey cutie! How are you!"
"cool. I'm glad you liked them. I hope you can get them autographed too!"
"Your favourite Tribune News Editor. GO. (I need some guidance in who to contact!)"
"Remember last week when he gave me The Nod?? Hehehehe yeah:) :)"
"that's crazy how you and your son making the exact same face! Your twin"
"Nothin like a flat tire on your first jump to put your mind at ease! Pump it up, jump twice, and repeat."
"My favorite show! Summer is so much better with Psych :)"
"So sorry for your families loss."
"Why do i feel like pizza hut is doomed?"
"Well, I'm bored again. Time to open the fridge again."
"Lick it, Kiss it, Love it, Don't spit it."
"yeah. I'll drag his drunk ass into the house later, Im just too fuckin nice, I'm a safeplace, everyone needs one at some point"
"Tri cities radio stations are killer. Puts portland to shame."
"G.M.N.I.: Bout to help with this hw. Pretty sure I almost got shot walking to my sis' crib."
"Haven't had one problem at all and it feels good!"
"At an art museum? Do you think that happens more frequently at art museums?"
"it's about time you followed me, yo. sheesh. hope you guys have a great Thanksgiving!"
"Sweet! I love fishing lol"
"I don't know!!! BUT...if I don't hear something VERY soon, I am totally blowing them off...I'm about there now."
"IM NOT SURE YET.SEEIN IT AT MOVIES WOULD BE SLICK.ITS 20 FOR THAT IDJ HOW MUCH BARS WANT"
"I need something to do tonight!!! 🍻🍻"
"heyy there c:"
"\"Here's my Blackberry Pin\" - things you don't hear often."
"ON THE STREETS OF LOS ANGELES: #CicLAvia AT DODGER STADIUM"
"Happy New Year"
"oh i'm well aware of his instagram... SMH"
": Love you so much you singing is the bestt!"
"I can do Wed too. Anytime before 3pm!"
"\"For where your treasure is, there also will your heart be.\" Matthew 6:21"
"I think at that time most Southerners went armed most of the time."
"that's cool, good luck!"
"#BGC I love I am a woman now but I still loved being a BadGirl :-)"
"Sad little gia"
"Cheers for spreading the word about Shop Your Values Week! Are you going to be in NYC over the next few days to enjoy it?"
"My pretty angel you came from above"
"being in my 90's i play marbles daily still"
"I can't sleep"
"The master leads by emptying people 's minds and filling their cores, by weakening their ambition and toughening their resolve."
"thanks man! i'll take a look at that book"
"The reason why alot of people in this game dont make it is because yall so busy hating on the next man.Instead of hatin work on your craft."
"I'm beginning to think that it's the other way around. These hips don't lie. Thanks for the support!"
"I just woke up to. Haha."
"hey school gets done in 10 minutes i couldnt wait to see how your day is going! so how is it going?(: 143"
"ik my mom said next year maybe we can go"
":') aww niggie that's so cute ."
"Just curious on how college athletes can afford all the tats they sport...must have great summer jobs."
"hahaha you ought to here my new title at tech art. Its actually still in the works.. But it'll be epic"
"Thank you!! Hope your having a great day its beautiful outside!"
"- OMG Doug! Just watched your Ronco spot! Took me back 30 years! What fun!"
"Call me"
"wait and see"
"lolz! Im not fat. Im plumped."
"Sweet find! Thanks :)"
"Now im listening to a little bit of all kinds of music no exceptions:D"
"everyday, every single day, is a balancing act. today, I am balancing between my heart and my mind. what are you balancing today?"
"what are doing?"
"Didn't get to run into you last night, but loved the show! It was the best show of the season! Looking fwd to !"
"welcome doll"
"Not at all! Glad to be a part of it!"
"Heading to Morgantown for all state band for a few days! :)"
"that means a lot coming from such a funny bitch like you!"
"all I want to do right now is sleep"
"Stupid fucking site bro"
"Dont let what you cant do stop you from what you can do !"
"We lost Dad someplace in the Civil War.... too bad my TARDIS is out of order or I'd go get him"
"I married a moose... we don't need counseling"
"STAR Convention - Las Vegas. Stenograph auctioning off new \"clear\" Diamante. Starting bid is $3,800!"
"bc then it won't come true baby (:"
"Ooh is live tweeting a tour of #fireiceexhibit right now!"
"With RT First then and now show I love my job but I'm exhausted!"
"\": LADIES NIGHT @ PARIS BAR TONIGHT! BE THERE!!!! :)\" <--- where is that?"
"Make sure you stay until all the credits finish. I just saw it today & there's two extra things at the end. Also it was awesome!"
"Ours is like in 15 days !"
"Meek mill"
"I need to change my profile pic. I didn't realize a hoodie could kill me."
"should have your own Under Armor Duck Dynasty clothing line"
"What if the one specific need I have involves an 05 Saturn & you as the driver? Then what Robert?! =) What happened to your car?"
"Found out some very interesting news 2 hours ago. Shit is mind blowing....Good night!"
"@ #losgatosbrewery what should I drink?"
"oh! What are you going to do with it?!?"
"legit like died omg he's perfect"
"\"have you seen a Bassoon? That thing is sexy\" -Ray Noon"
"I love it when teachers talk about you"
"Space Solar power? There are markets for the power yes, but once again, how do we pay for R&D or launch costs?"
"You're welcome! Happy holidays!"
"Or make Siri do it for you, if you get along with her."
"you expect to see the players cry after a loss in the tourney, but besides Roy Williams I never saw a coach so choked up.... wow..."
"I love you but i can't sleep cuuz my phone keep buzzing from your tweets !!! Lol please just go to bed already Dx haha ❤"
"Look at you being a Wisconsin sports fan! Love it! Didn't love all the results last night :("
"So what ya doin' the rest of the day?"
"“: Lol u b forgettin about me doe.. RT : “: Whoadie b acting do fake to me smh (cont) http:// U Up Top?"
"#wordtothewise don't try to speak spanish in a class full of mexicans my friend"
"Alistair Reynolds, Charlie Stross, Vernor Vinge (pretty much anything)"
"I think if I listened to the sigur ros song \"festival\" over and over for a year I would feel something different every time."
"This storm is amazing!!"
"perhaps an appropriately timed skynard ringtone?"
"I dont believe you."
"#JessicaSanchez is the next Whitney Houston. #justsayin. I'm like a proud mom when I watch her :)"
"Here, I'm beaming you and extra couple stars **"
"When you work in Hollywood, sometimes the only thing faker than the people in production are the tits on the talent."
"Good because im so ready to go home..."
"I cocked my hat like a homeboy for"
"GSIFF presents Godard's FILM SOCIALISME this Thursday at the Tribeca Grand- handful of free tix available- rsvp:"
"#SaySomething was AMAZING as i was expecting (: i loved it <3"
"RT:Office2010il: Not familiar with OneNote ?, head over to www.iheartonenote.com to see what real people are doing with it"
"M copper oven. :D"
"Nordstrom!! It's a Classiques jacket, love their style :)"
"Tomorrow's game just took on a whole new meaning: Win & we could be in the playoffs. WE NEED YOU HERE! Support #CLE!!!"
"You rock! thanks!"
"Dare yourself to be creative today. Shoot a video, edit, and upload it! Who knows, it may become viral in a few hours. :D"
"MBTV is starting right now ppl show that love and tune in www.microphonebully.com we on from 6-9 pm"
"Thats errrdayy!! RT : Why is babe arguing with me! :O"
"Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 14"
"and we won't give an inch."
"If only everybody lived where I live; then we could have football-related gatherings involving beer and carbs! And nomenclature!"
"The secret of a successful marriage is not to be at home too much."
"don't get ahead of yourself. You know better than that."
"Cardinals in beastmode. Where's Prince when you need him?"
"RT : #NeverShouldYouEver judge someone without knowing them"
"Yeah, but at least you've got a choice. Tons of miserable people stuck in either dead end jobs or no job at all..."
"that is the most eeevel laugh I heard today Tammy...settle down"
"It's crazy when Your best friend && I share The same birthday were special best friends (:"
"this is so embarrassing...."
"#Minnesota #Twins have offered salary arbitration to three free agents, starting pitcher #Carl #Pavano, right-handed reliever"
"Thank you for the RT"
"Lol i thought i did by putting 2 words everytime he write a paragraph ! he keeps talking abt himself! ugh"
"New blog just posted....meet Mr. Hypnotist httwp://www.kissandim.com"
"Some auditory delights in honor of our beeswax-producing friends, w/out whom there would be no Stewart&Claire (lip balm)...."
"we must get pumpkin spice lattes when I get back to Nash!"
"I love the All Star comics covers from the end of the Golden Age run. Issue 13 is a great early cover, too."
"i'm so proud of you!!! yayayay!! I'm stoked"
"me 2 boo"
"Who uses Twitter with middle sch students? Have activities, lessons, experiences to share?"
"Hiring right employees can be like winning the lottery.Hard to know who will be a good fit til they’ve been working 4 awhile"
"I gotta pe"
"Watching bad girls club :-)"
"cocky, arrogant, selfish, etc wateva u call me its cool i kno my potential an tru powers"
"momma got a new job so the newest podcast won't be up until after t-day."
"GL Man!"
"I have a coworker who's new to git and version control. Any recommended resources?"
"Out to eat and then swimming 😃❤ having fun so far!"
"Hey guys! Check out on twitter and on YouTube! Check out his gaming vids, and his other vids if you want! :D"
"Watching MARTIN! y'all have to watch this showw"
"Manning should go 2 BALT.They're ready to win now and it would be ironic if Manning left Indy for BALT knowin BALT left for Indy"
"Apparently BigFoot's name is Larry."
"If Scott Fujita's 3-game suspension is upheld, Chris Gocong would likely move to SLB, with Kaluka Maiava a likely option at WLB."
"OMG- I ran into that Grizz this summer on a trail, I kid you not! He didn't kill me so why kill him!"
"Pizza My Heart bumping Hendrix b-sides off \"Cry of Love.\""
"Tomatoes = Awesome, if you have no issues with nightshades. In fact, liver sauteed with tomato sauce is great, IMHO. :D"
"#OccupyMadison GA: \"I always considered myself a liberal until I saw the liberal machine in action. It was ugly.\""
"My love is coming to see me:)"
"Looks like today is my last day of work for the year! Super efficient me has finished up all work early so bossman said wrap it up today!"
"mph winds must have been something to behold!"
"Props to u man...Congrats"
"Taking shots in honor of boosie. Do it big boosie boo."
"Cali girls...put u on bipolar status"
"it's why i prefer the city of dreams... its the only place i can high five jesus while riding a unicorn in teh clouds"
"I've noticed that too.... seems to be a popular word right now."
"It's a unionized company."
"It's been a long day! I think it's time for me to go to bed now!"
"Your work is meaningful. BUT If times are tough-don't lose heart. Your work is not who you are. Your work is only what you do."
"Friday Friday Friday"
"Deleted Myspace, Joining Twitter!!!"
"Beauty should not just be defined by whats on the outside"
"lol! i'm embarrassed! i should've googled! still, try avocado on toast sometime."
"A walk to remember is on. 👍"
"wow, ur sweet"
"go to redkey veterinary. A little more reasonable. The price u said is about right though!!"
"Some questions don't get asked because we fear the answers."
"What year is this, 2006? Sheesh..."
"The people who remain somewhat popular after being on a talent show like Idol or X Factor are almost always disappointing."
"is awesome! Nice work. 5 puppies? Oh my! Sounds like a lot of work. You are a good mommy."
"Now accepting nominations for 's campus characters. Go!!!"
"Funny thing, with Yung away I become Mr. Clean House. Some work, as in work, has gotten done, but boy is the kitchen clean."
"Staff from marketing dept. toured our labs this morning. Thanx ladies for the great ideas abt raising our public profile!"
"Loved my time at the People's Improv Theater this week. The Shows were great and I had fun performing in their Jams."
"LOL not at the same, but I couldn't decide between the two so I brought both upstairs. *shrug*"
"I can't go 10 months without Harrison from"
"you too!! Thank you so much for coming!!"
"GOING TO \"I LOVE YOU MAN\" WITH Q AND BLAIR. AIN'T NO LUCK IN BOAT RACES"
"other person"
"Back to Arsenal.. Final Free kick for Arsenal. Goalie is up in the box. I need a picture in picture TV for days like this."
"Yeah... not happenin. I'm going to have to do some desk squats. :)"
"Hey thanks for that RT! I agree, we should all eat more chocolate. I'm eating chocolate covered almonds right now!"
"we do need to pray in private, the scripture bits against public prayer r bout long make me look good prayers"
"wait what? Lol and everything is good man how bout you?"
"please pick me and give me the chance to make my 2 lovely daughters life :-)"
"You'll be the prince and I'd be the princess...... Romeo save me!"
"*ever RT *since September RT : I didn't do any homework last night.... Fuck."
"#Dodgers hang on to the 2-1 lead and get the win today on their home opener. #Dodgers improving their record to 4-1"
"being single is better than being with someone who doesn't appreciate you"
"oh ok cool"
"Went to see Seven Pounds. Liked it, I don't think I have ever seen a movie with a plot quite like this."
"If I ever see my ex again I'm going to tell him: \"I can forgive everything...except you getting me hooked on watching Celebrity Apprentice.\""
"Checked out our statement from our Spotify listens today. Good news is, you're listening! Bad news: all your listens totals to $2.10!"
"i miss my baby :/"
"Ducks score!"
"- anytime buddy. You tearing it up in Cbus!?"
"Oh blue sands, can you make them understand?"
"I'm already at 5%"
"Have a good time/safe trip heading back home. Staying in DSM? And you can watch the bowl game (could be ugly) with fellow Hawks."
"I think every fake Mexican place presses their tortillas..."
"Blank stare"
"No Ustream 2day with :( but gonna go \"3 stooges\""
"Goddammit. Barry bought a round of Bud Light Platinum. But it's okay, Ponstein's here too"
"fpi was the poor one :p"
"Looking for a flexible school-year program? Get your Passport to Invention and stop on by when it's convenient for you! Visit thebakken.org!"
"the cup in the hand all the way from creation to use to recycle to reuse - how to create value and become sustainable at every step"
"Who's going to the LB show??"
"No. Not a Chinese heart attack. A sinus infection."
"Haha so true! See I knew I liked you :-) You busy today?"
"Asking a selenator why they love Selena is like asking a Mother who is their favorite child. Extremely difficult to answer & explain."
"you should join the facebook group I'm in. It's called something like \"I hate Dan Brown strictly for literary reasons.\""
"lots of junk still gets made. VC's or no."
"I want to stop cussing SO BAD, but I swear its so hard. :/"
"That's a negative - in Central CA for the Winter Holiday."
"This is Chad: Love all the moves the birds are making! I'm sure Quimby will have a lot to say in this week's email!"
"Thank u Flip! My friends, fans and stalker thought the show was"
"Same to you all!"
"Hello I would like to invite you to follow us to receive help on your environmental due diligence!"
"Can't believe servers crashed again. Glad I'm sitting these things out from now on."
"the 17 wasn't much better!"
"I must have those cupcakes"
"to this whole NWI vs CHI debate let me just say from a man actually born n raised in CHI,i take offense to someone from NWI claimin the Chi"
"lately.. in the past couple few weeks ive been rocking a new wig. a bleach blonde russian barbie jap anime kindda wig x:)"
"Working title for a new project idea is \"unlit cigarettes\" - realizing that I am going to have Wilco on continuous mental loop as a result."
"Dont sweat it. Call me whenever. Ill make some time for you."
"lol you are so quite"
":Like&agree w Alice&rbbt hole.What does\"tall\"for my generation mean?"
"BallisLife!!! Now time for the weightroom!!"
"Then what happened? RT For those saying \"MJ never missed free throws!\" He missed against Cleveland in 89 to win the series in 4"
"\"LIKE\" if you're going to the South Side Irish St. Patrick's Day Parade! (We're opening at 10am on Sunday)"
"$10 growler fill (limit 1 per customer) & $3 pints on Hoptimum. We have 4 kegs to pour."
"We all want the video diaries back. Who agrees?"
"thank you to all my new followers we always follow back"
"I'll Have Another wins the KY Derby"
"Zombies! Hell yes! I'm happy!"
"At first coffee was usually drank by Arab Sufi monks, but by the 15th century it was being used by everybody."
"What's your favorite mindless behavior song? :-)"
"my registration is pending as kellygreen"
"it like, i hate you. :)"
"With Ozzie Guillen, it's always about Ozzie. Too much talk of how sad he is."
"I don't wanna move. But I have to get ready. Bo ):"
".. You guys are amazing <3 GOD BLESS YOU."
"artist of the month on thinknscience.com please go check it out would love to hear some feed back!!!!"
"haha you liked that random line didn't ya?! :)"
"Love BBQ sandwiches!"
"The first 5 twitter followers to come see me at the show will be entered into a drawing for a free subscription to MSDSonline.com (#543)"
"Last night the #Angels won their 4th 1-0 game of the season, 2nd most in the AL. Last year they pitched no such games,"
"Just met one of my favorite people ever."
"Any gluten free trucks? Would like to suggest them to for this summer's show!"
"Damn...HUGE flop. That is why I hate flopping."
"Only love lets us see normal things in an extraordinary way."
"Thanks for the follow! Honored!"
"yeah its insane."
"Wow Lions got screwed!!"
"I wonder what the singularity will be like. Will we lose all connection to our bodies? Or will it be like constant blow jobs?"
"Oh, now you wanna talk? That's funny."
"Get your pet fixed the low-cost way! The Spay Neuter Clinic offers a variety of pet services at affordable prices. Spaying or neutering..."
"Refs really pulled one over on the Mavs today but they didnt deserve to win anyways. Still though, terrible job Refs."
"The #FriendZone every man fear when he has strong feelings for a woman."
"I missing you..boy I love.. :\"
"need to invest in a #humidifier any suggestions on good ones? I was thinking of getting one that looks like a penguin!"
"I don't care much for leftovers so I'm going to do today different than yesterday."
"Good Morning everyone and Happy Sunday ;)"
"As it should be. RT : At church gig; rocking some epic bVII cadences."
"Thanks for the Tweet! Plenty of great journalism internships right now. #Florence, #London, and elsewhere."
"The things I want to know are in books; my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read - Abraham Lincoln."
"love ya babe ;)"
"So much anger on my timeline."
"Catching some rays!!"
"ugh stupid chicago groupp got switchedd :/"
"Look forward to seeing you at the rodeo!"
"don't you notice a difference when u drink up?"
"I see that Willow lured you away from me! I'll be hanging out in the IRC channel all day, feel free to ping me."
"Women are emotional. Be prepared and understanding. Her emotions surprise even her mother."
"I'm sure you've probably got me beat!"
"Tomorrow:coffee and a the Rite Aid Pharmacy. There will be more revealed tomorrow, Now I say goodnight."
"Question of the day......Favorite venue in Sports? Why?"
"LiL Bro Do Da Damn Thang.....\": Damn 's presale tickects for dallas, tx is already sold out smh .\""
"aw that sweet lol I love ME too"
"Today is the day for getting things done! (Including returning from my twitter vacation)."
"Absolutely! You should always take the opportunity to expand your cultural experiences. Adult or not :)"
"what is the make of your car?"
"Challenge accepted."
"As few as 20 percent of email messages are opened by recipients. Over 95 percent of text messages are opened."
"not an excuse, but that call on Rose w/ wade shooting 3 was complete crap. Boozer is a moron, Rose missed clutch free throws"
"Yay! Good news! Mom gets to eat! Ice cream & jello was her first request. Thank you everyone for your prayers! Thank you, thank you!"
"wow 100% off?"
"Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 18"
"Job interview went well. Hope I get a call back soon! :)"
"she already did I was pissed man I start to tell her fuck that I'm heading to skool lmao"
"Jumped out of bed and turned my computer back on for this."
"There is no need to deny workers their right to a free and fair union election."
"If you are in LA please come and join me on Mother's Day at The Talking Stick in Venice Beach as I will be performing a small acoustic set"
"Wake up with a passion, go to bed with an accomplishment."
"Got to meet Kimberly Altic Lingenfelter and her beautiful daughter this morning! What a nice family :D"
"they have new episodes on fridays (: I was happy to hear and see it!!!"
"“: Nah Kenny and Vera think they tight.... O.” PETTY!"
"A book never written- \"How to win the Lottery\" by- Jack Pott."
"Great New's Everyone SNOCLOTHING Teamed up with the sickest Energy Drinks on the Globe. Cocaine Energy Drinks. drinkcocaine.com"
"what is whos name?"
"Mad Dog Curtis signing autographs in Las Vegas w 3 grt Boxers (Mad Dog & Boxers) Norton, Shavers & Spinks @ Memorabilia Int'l Viva Las Vegas"
"ha ha okay man. Your super funny"
"Thanks for the vid, funny girl."
"We're of the same persuasion. RT \"Theatre without beer is just a museum.\" We feel the same way, Mr. Brecht."
"r u a guy or girl"
"Don't worry. I think Tumblr is less intuitive than other platforms. It took me some experimenting to understand how things work."
"kk i included a picture of the album as well and now i'm doing the warped tour/boozle thing"
"is it true that only 100 fans meet bvb @ wt cuz I'm pretty pissed about it >:( fuck some security!Meet&greets used 2b so chill :("
"\"Forgive me my nonsense as I also forgive the nonsense of those who think they talk sense.\" -Robert Frost"
"The nuggets are so much better without Melo!!!"
"I can't stand #oomf she a bitch"
"If it WASN'T SO PATHETIC, CNN's ATTACKS on ROMNEY's \"bullying\" would be enough to CRACK YOU UP.Can U say desperate"
"concert was craeeeezy......loved it...they really know how to party unfortunately wasnt there but hope you get better soon.."
"There can't be very many of those."
"A debate on tweet seats, rehearsal for Our Country's Good and dinner with a friend."
"#ItsABootyCallWhen She Show Up With That Overnight Bag! That Nigga Be Smiling On The Inside Like \"Yea I Know Ima Hit This Ass Tonight\" Lmao"
"TOO BAD HE DID PLAY. Kobe is nothing. You see McGee show him up.? Cuz I sure did."
"⚠ Tomorrows forecast : Crooked walk with a bit of a slurr.."
"And we love you for it, Jasper! ;)"
"3 of the most famous yoga exercises for weight loss"
"kay.... that was really random.. Love the Rory Flannagan haha. It suits you. <3 :)"
"hi, i think youre cool. :D"
"Basketball with the boys <3"
"NASW Joblink - The Social Work Career Center: Mental Health ..."
"Hugs 2u,keep up the good work"
"No prob. Keep doin your thing."
"Emotionally you can't hear that someone doesn't love you BUT in your head you know it."
"PCTEL Achieves $17.2 Million in First Quarter Revenue"
"Some people play stuff out way too much. Let that shit go already lol"
"Pizza of the Day: BBQ Chicken Pizza with Red Onions and Smoked Gouda, just $12. Free toasted ravioli when you mention this tweet!"
"Headed to Bama to help my mom celebrate 60years of life!!!! Super excited, & Easter with mom & dad at their church!"
"I decided to join the Twitter Craze. I am attempting to mainly tweet about food. We shall see how that goes..."
"Q: Russians have sig naval bases in Syria on the Med Sea. Do we need to twist Russias arm if Turks are go for change in Syria?"
"Does Rondo make the shortlist of your Dumbest Man in America segment tomorrow morning?"
"I don't think you have the right # I'm about to Dm you"
"You know you're a librarian when you dream about databases."
"just 2 because i'm lame. and by \"i'm lame\" i mean everyone else is lame and working. I BETTER SEE YOU AFTER."
"Who took Mitch McConnell's chin? Probably some left wing conspiracy."
"If he makes Milton guest speaker, he can at least get a tongue in somewhere."
"It's Friday!!"
"Putting a post-it on my monitor each night about what my next task is on each project is proving to be majorly helpful in the morning."
"I don't know, but I'm obsessed."
"Up early. I need to thank Keylo for the fresh pair of Puma Clydes. Lacing them up halfway for today. Baseball anyone?"
"People in th hallway are soo slow"
"Reality show contestants are best viewed from a distance and in small doses."
"And in other news, I hate being a chick. How are you all? :)"
"SPURS WIN 114- 83 Total Domination!!"
"The holiday party invitation is quite possibly the best thing I've seen all year."
"Mixtape finishing tonight! #finally!"
"RT : Finish what you're writing. Whatever you have to do to finish it, finish it. NEIL GAIMAN"
"good to learn that lesson THIS year as opposed to next"
"Can I at least give you an awkward hug?"
"Aw man what kind of shit s this"
"oh, they don't? I mean your giving them free food, they should take it and not complain god dammit! Such greedy people lol"
"There's a lot of info out there. 75k is average for many novels (SF, mystery, etc.) 100-120k for fantasy, but longer than that..."
"Macho is at moms tonight. She prob cooked for him and he is asleep in a huge bed while I'm the one having separation anxiety."
"Anyone who calls themselves a guru is an idiot."
"that's the ONLY way to start a Vegas trip!!!"
"Mickelson looking good early. -1 after 2 holes. Lefty on the move."
"my mom told me that i should start trying out for reality t.v shows....thanks mom :))))"
"yes! Give em a try...so good!"
"agreed - but to the rest of the world, it all looks like the part of the same thing. gotta keep out the riff raff."
"Depends on how much cheesecake I have eaten :)"
"Hi, Im Mr Right. Someone said you were looking for me."
"So dear I love him, that with him all deaths I could endure, without him live no life."
"Good luck, safe travels! RT : #JFK about to board Turkish Airways to see newly American-Albanian"
"Joining the bandwagon...anyone got a spare Google+ invite? Delibrarian_at_ gmail. Thx, will pass it on!"
"It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!104"
"Had I known it was bring your kid to work day I so would've brought the lil man! Not sure how I would have gotten any work done, though..."
"Some guy named Boy Toy Jesse. Classy."
"Apparently my husband is a Packers fan today. *sigh*"
"Duck and cover !! RT : oh now its on!!"
"Piacere Lorenzo! Have a nice weekend!"
"Looking forward to tweeting from #Geekend! Zuzana , Mariah and will be there representing our #savannah tech startup!"
"mother mons†er everyone love him"
"i like those stances"
"We still need to hook up for a story for ! Contact me at (not .com)!"
"Earlier Accident on HWY 99W at Walnut St in Tigard has been cleared... all lanes open."
"Shaking my first and cursing: \"Lenovoooooo!\""
"haha dat 2...4 my allergies but i take another daily dose of medicine 2"
"That sounds exhausting. RT a basically a \"Let's make dani play as much as possible in a 4 hour window.\" I can get behind that."
"Emailed projected and possible grade reports to students. Feels a little meh--remember: the most important thing is always Turning Stuff In."
"The Mavericks home opener is two months from tonight! I can't wait!"
"hell ya! Only if your doing it"
"Listen to my market report Thursday mornings at 6:20 and 7:40 online at 770KKOB.com and on the radio at 770 AM.."
"- Well unless that hi-fi studio also has neato lo-fi toys..."
"\"Ice Age\" Christmas DVD arrives in newsroom. Says \"I call bull. Prehistoric mammals can't celebrate Christmas. They're B.C.\""
"i can just picture them as tiny hobos w/ bags slung on poles waiting to catch the train to the next town."
"Im taking a nap..... Be back later"
"Thanks Girl!!"
"Nap city, bitch."
"Thanks for ruining my day"
"hehehe i look like a lamo bc i got glasses.... no contact lenses."
"Great lunch with Jonathan Franzen who is visiting TU: he 's great with students + even fielded Q about women's b-ball and title IX (yep)"
"we've limited the Nov.18 #lrncampphx tickets for this event at 200. Goal is to sell out w/a waiting list. :)"
"Where did \"change project to tag\" go?"
"Finishing up my first week at the IU East Library!!!"
"Ah the pedway. How I miss it. Bet you're not missing Rita yet RT : Having a in the building = third cup of coffee today"
"Tried new product today: #Hanover garbanzo beans, OU #kosher - Added 2 green salad w/ classic OK kosher Italian dressg starter"
"Haha.Im trying to get the hang of this.Lol.But Hey :)"
"Have u ever dropped ur phone on ur face? I have :) and I just did :P"
"So great finally catching up with , so proud of you babe ! <3"
"Everyone tune in to 1590 to listen to my friends Derrick Willis and Krystle McCarthy talk on the radio about STI!"
"Just a boy, just an ordinary boy"
"he don't shop over there lol"
"Happy Birthday ! Hope you and are are having a big celebration today!"
"I want to shake hands with the wizard behind the Mr. Clean Magic Eraser Mop. That thing is friggin' amazing."
"Hey what's up"
"Merry Christmas"
"I've wasted to much time on this low life where yu at sexy lady?? Lolz"
"TOAST: Good food, Good meat, Good Lord, LET'S EAT! Happy #Thanksgiving!"
"I think it was quite lucky compared to a flying knee."
"Thanks! RT : ..... Wishing you all best as you start your #Whole30!"
"i know your from Dallas!! that is so so so cool! like really cool! :) thank you for the DM to!! i screamed :o"
"Something big is coming for Playstation 3 users."
"(obvs Villarreal, but don't know why I typed B.. )"
"What can you do about it if you're in this kind of dynamic?"
"okay deal(:"
"Ugh mann its about that timee to get that Hoodrat vaxination !"
"waiting till 2013, no date set yet :)"
"Umm, wtf? He tweeted like only an hour ago."
"\"I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way.\" - Who Framed Roger Rabbit (1988)"
"If you think that your role in a meeting is to spew germs into the air the entire time, maybe call in next time"
"You are so lucky!!! Congrats haha :)"
"Get ready for the May 2012 BCBA exam, by taking our prep course."
"If I had a #KeurigVue Brewer I would name it: MIHA (Most Important Household Appliance)"
"This election coverage by has been absolutely hilarious!"
"Little children are pure comedy lol"
"It's not quite my cup of tea either, but I was not as smart as you to avoid it altogether."
"Every photo bears your logo or brand image. Through socially networked iSnap, that photo will reach hundreds of friends and family members."
"“It's no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense.” Mark Twain"
"GET IT TOGETHER #KNICKS!"
"wish we were at the Wolse x"
"oh i thought you went tanning..."
"If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking. Buddhist Proverb"
"thanks! Just landed, had a nice flight.....hope it stops raining 4 you! Where in Alabama are you going 2 be?"
"we served hundreds of espressos at 2011 Ferrari Challenge this past weekend...thank you!"
"I saw you walking like two days ago I was going to say hi but you seemed deep in convo."
"For #ExteriorPainting, latex paint is easier to clean & lasts as long as oil-based. Always by the best paint you can afford."
"Kaytal: the court will realize that the country needs a resolution on this issue."
"categories relate to wind speeds, not rain. It's being compared to Katrina because of flood potential (slow moving & large system)"
"wanted2do1nice thing4my mom bake her a cake for her bday&clean the house my cake fell apart&i didnt have time2clean I cant do anything right"
"Virtual organizations as way to create teams and connectedness within teams. Members must maintain other outside connections"
"thanks * :p"
"We're wishing a heartfelt farewell to our summer intern today!"
"From Charlotte, North Carolina USA, but making my first trip to Deutschland this weekend for German Aerospace Day."
"I'm gonna tell Ed you said that."
"Drink and be thankful to the host! What seems insignificant when you have it, is important when you need it.Happy New Year"
"PUT AND ON THE SCREAMTOUR"
"why are you tweeting right now?? Stfu"
"Flooding throughout Sacramento. Discovery Park under water. More flooding expected throughout weekend. Be safe."
"Matt's truck stopped working today. I need a car by Monday. Both of us have to get to work :) *I believe I will get a loan and reliable car*"
"So it may be possible, but it's against the law. Oh well. Thank you for the info."
"Right, that's the point of my post - everyone's numbers are different and there's no right or wrong amount."
"good morning!!!!....how are u doing today girly;)????"
"Dude, in all honesty. Fierce by Abercrombie, throws their game off badly,;)"
"the last part, {.Tweet.} should be [Tweet]"
"yes I'm obsessed with you. Ps my room looked to clean this morning thanks wife 💋💘 please make sure dinners on the table"
"Coming soon @ www.myfreegenealogy.com, researching immigrant ancestors, come share your knowledge with others."
"i just saw big momma like father like son today that movie is suppah funny..............freak with freak with it..haha"
"It will Rain"
"In san fransisco for the day!"
"I don't feel well :("
"We honor the men and women who have faithfully served our country to protect our freedom. Today we toast to you. CHEERS!"
"We came out cold, and they were lights out. We just got a good old-fashioned butt-whipping - Rick Howard"
"Q3) LD needs to measure success by learners improving performance on the job."
"i got weed 2 smoke, but i aint fie'n up shit till dis game over"
"i know you are but what am i...i hate when ppl say tht!"
"DC deserves a sports role model like RGIII ... Kudos to the Skins for doing the right thing!"
"IT'S ALL GOOD WILL DO THAT TOGETHER THERE"
"any insights into how Frank Tripucka really feels about wearing #18?"
"Joe Francis is is giving a great preso on brain-computer interfaces at #hcfla. He's conjuring up the Matrix and every heady scifi flick."
"Josh Groban's doing a live webcast @ 7:30 tonight on www.joshgroban.com. Fan club members tune in @ 7 for an exclusive 1/2 hour on your own!"
"The pause Dora the Explorer took after asking us a question lasted longer than Kim Kardashian's marriage..."
"Good Morning"
"Megaton got paid!!!!"
"And if you haven't seen #CabinInTheWoods yet, are you going to?"
"What's good #Columbus?!"
"If you mess up, ‘fess up. Getting caught in a lie or a half truth never goes well on camera. Honesty really is the best policy."
"nope.. So let's cross that off the list"
"You smell like clean air"
"what can I say - I live on the edge!"
"Lmao its funny how n***** want to de-activate ish when I ask for they password...Oh you think you smooth ctfu"
"We all have 168 hours a week - no more, no less. Are you making the best use of your 168? If not, why not?"
"Don't worry, they come back (for Mother's Day)! Tweeting from my parents' place ;)"
"You bet, thanks for the kudos."
"Great NYE gig , thanks for coming out! Got a video of Crimson, but I seem to have misplaced my camera..."
"Wow that's cool. :)"
"Nearly 1/3 of ALL Americans are currently obese & another third are seriously overweight. This phenomenon cuts across race, class & gender."
"this is my uncle (he is my real uncle) Hi uncle Peter :D"
"man it's late"
"Like, sorry that you had to read that"
"THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO COME OUT TO THE SHOW LAST NIGHT!!!!!!!!"
"I love you. Happy Birthday Janet."
"Senate minority leader john sampson says albany is \"organized chaos\" in press conference by dems about \"war on women\""
"Post semester enjoyment - arguing downtown property owner rights & responsibilities over a whiskey & soda in downtown"
"Am I crazy or falling in love Is it real or just another crush Do you catch a breath"
"PickUpLine: I love you! Your place or mine?"
"what's your favorite thing to bake ?"
"leave it at a coffee shop. I'm sure someone will find a use for it."
"One month from today we start recording vocals for the album. Help us pray for anointing, clarity of message, and stength."
"I've been drunk the whole day."
"UK baseball's record in their 1st 24 games this season: 23-1. UK baseball's record in their last 24 games: 14-10."
"like I just don't like sausage. Wow We might have stalking problems too.We knew like 15 seconds after it was presented"
"A2. Getting a schedule that works for you is key. I adjusted my ed calendar from 5X week to 4X...made all the difference"
"My mom just called 30 Rock \"Third Rock.\" -____-"
"Please urge your buddy to narrow the scope of #SOPA. Dont kill Cal. innovation, entrepreneurship a lazy Hollywood."
"Woo hoo! Us too. Looking forward to more fun stories from you, too!"
"At taco bell yum! :p"
"Happy Cinco de Mayo!"
"Congrats on your nomination for Independent Artist of the Year with Southern Star Media Group! So Happy For YOU!!!!"
"That is a BLAZING speed!"
"now following"
"Its funny cause I didn't think that anything could be sexier than the Boyfriend video, untill I seen the Boyfriend performance. HOLY SHIT!"
"Professed my recognitions that while dedication to quality is paramount, NYC market is a beast - he looked like this was common, haha (2/3)-"
"Chase is being cancelled? F you NBC, F you hard in the face! I guess I'll just watch you for 1 hour a week instead of 2 then."
"Happy National Siblings Day are u going drinking for it lol"
"we new tweetaaaaa :D"
"I'm Happy everyone like's mixtape. He worked very hard to give you guys some music to hold y'all over until the albums is done."
"A most unobjectionable position!"
"Broadway Bar 2night. $1.50Bud Light. No Cover! Dj Mystik in the mix. Peter Blue hosting the party. BG Ent. Dont miss out!!!"
"Dropped my phone on my forehead"
"put it down tonight! played a hell of a game! :)"
"I'll tell you dunn, I must be work'in out to freakin hard! I'm so full of fire there's no-way to fall asleep easy... The Blood Burns High!"
"Have you seen 's fly along with the 128th Air Refueling Wing. It's coming up now on"
"Awhh!! I love youu too cousin! :)"
"I'm facing an interesting dilemma at the moment because I gave up fiction-reading for Lent but I think it's actally been bad for me. :/"
"Follow Cuz Its Almost Her Birthday...She Wants You To Follow Her For Her Birthday(:"
"I've spent my entire life running from everything, I think that's why I like to just chill now."
"please tweet me, I don't even care if it's just a punctuation mark. I just really want a tweet from you"
"you & are the best pair on #DWTS this season. I'm voting for you as many times as I can."
"Somebody better buy you something stiff and I don't mean a body."
"I am quite impressed and amazed at how good natured almost everyone on this train has been in spite of a nearly 2 hour delay on a Friday."
"I Love Typography"
"Hi Brinks! :)"
"Ravens vs Texans game better than I was expecting...."
"It aint wack. I have only two posts myself. I wont even publicize that I have one. I will start to use it more."
"Thanks for the follow :) It's a bright and sunny day here in Virginia."
"#ILikeObamacare because it allows afforable health care & I'm proud my childern one day will grow up in a better health system b/c of Obama"
"Yep it's official! Car title came in the mail today."
"The little things get bigger & better as life goes on"
"Ginuwine's Pony"
"You have upset a lot of people..."
"lucky feels like all chance, blessed has religious tones. need something that is a little different :)"
"Dear Men, Picking up the phone and calling is one of the most attractive things you can do. #wordtothewise. Love, Jessica"
"Okay ... time to personally join twitter and stop hiding behind a biz account."
"Reminder to self: don't plant marigolds if have allergies/hay fever"
"Happy Easter all! Enjoying my first day ! Cannot wait to see what opportunities this brings!"
"Sounds good, Colin; love to demo Speedcast. Unfortunately can't DM you until you follow me."
"So psyched.. I'm finding out Monday where I'll be placed for ! Woohoo!"
"That's a while different argument, shit I got over it"
"If your looking to flip a property, I recommend granite countertops and hardwood floors. Great return of investment."
"btw, don't mean to come across as \"interrogating,\" i just like to learn how diffrent public libraries provide their services. :o)"
"RT : Who's coming to support our family?? TODAY! 3-10PM You could go home w/a deer head! Details:..."
"TV Show I've been watching: Watched Lois and Clark, an oldy Superman series from about 10 years ago."
"Jeff Van Gundy and Chris Collinsworth should commentate on #WNBA games so we never have to hear their commentary again"
"In order to unite all women, Adele's exboyfriend must make an album called \"I Dug Her Til She Gained Weight and Stopped Sucking my Dick\""
"Have a great week everyone. May you all be blessed with happiness and peace."
"RT : Bootlegging matches from presidential suites! Yea we about that life"
"Preacher who advocated the use of physical force against children who act gay: \"I apologize to anyone I have unintentionally offended.\""
"Thank you all for hosting #futrchat! Looking forward to more."
"Same goes for works of fincher ep"
"China buffet with"
"it's 7 CDs of the same. No filler, just 4 nights of incredible music. I read an article about it. Didn't have the other."
"AND I KNOW IT'S TOO LATE. BUT I WANT IT THAT WAY"
"Tooth Tip: Keep it fresh: Don’t forget to toss your toothbrush every 3-4 months for optimal oral health."
"Guess who's going to shoot the beautiful and mega talented Make-Up and Hair Stylist Jeni Teran's wedding in Boston June 1st?? ;)"
"We have a God that is large and in charge!"
"I need to stop mixing vodka with random things!!!!!"
"Bobby V. - Lights Down Low"
"Lost a heartbreaker last week."
"Leave. Like everyone else."
"Ditto. RT : Holy sinus migraine, Batman..."
"hey! Thank you :) checked out a couple of your songs ..love the one to your son. Keep up the good work!"
"Color can actually affect your attitude and mental health. Let us change your colors and give quality service."
"#Followback because I own several of your ZUBAZ HATS. Zubaz & Buffalo = match made in heaven"
"ok cool I get in around 1230 is there a big sports bar downtown around staples you would suggest if I don't make it to the game"
"Wouldn't be continuing issue if Hamels wasn't dense enough to, one, do it and, two, brag about it."
"Sounds like John Travolta is gay for male massage therapists"
"really?? What all did you use?"
"Ugh Nuggets what happened exactly? & poor Bird I'm so sorry."
"Gould is often perceived as how Wittgenstein was."
"I don't know?? Somethin diffrent idk random\": what are u talking about? :s\""
"We need a pet store downtown #Seattle I want to get a gold fish so f*ing bad & now need to rent a car to drive to the burbs 4 one."
"Phone problems are fixed! Apparently the battery was swelling (?!) so that was causing it to shut off randomly..."
"Been thinking about one of those for our Charley to remedy carsickness. Let me know if it works."
"yo what's up? I'm working at an agency in Ann Arbor for a bit. This city is ok, not as good as East Lansing though ;) how are U?"
"it's so awesome"
"Christmas back to you Brooke! Looking forward to your new music. Yay!"
"In the future..these business trip flights need to be scheduled later in the day. I can't handle waking up at 330am anymore."
"Congrats to the UW-La Crosse women's and men's track and field teams for taking home the WIAC title."
"“: A hunnit mudufuckuhs can't tell me nuttin'” An English teacher could help with that."
"...\"artists\" seven total, actually."
": new sitcom idea is \"So I Married a Hulk.\" Catchphrase is \"Hulk hate meatloaf!\" followed by much destruction of dining furniture."
"Manning picks broncos!!!"
"You were so right about adults wearing them too! Yet was still a shock to see it w/ my own eyes."
"I'm obsessed with my new \"Guilty\" perfume. Thanks"
"My parents are cool with you sleeping over the day before my birthday :)"
"great picture"
"I've been thinking about bridges, ovepasses, and arches lately."
"i bet you cant guess who this is?:) just believe… or belieb;)"
"Working on the websites! About time!"
"I'd love to pick your brain for a sec. R u still around?"
"I'm through with letting your shit get to me. Ignoring you is much easier anyhow."
"you at tonight?"
"All Referees are \"Sissy Girls\" compared to Ed \"The Hulk\" Hochuli!"
"Nice visualization of top auths in many subdomns in ms acad search #cni11f pity re network latency here, too many folks checking it out?"
"stood until we got to Baltimore, sitting now"
"Music is legit my life. Headphones in, world out. <3"
"Me three."
"Phantom of the opera with my baby <3 he actually likes it"
"only because i let kids make fun of my outfits."
"#TeamFaber family here!! You're the man Uriah!! Hubby & I enjoy watching #TUFLive every Friday night here in Memphis, TN!! 5-3 BABY!! YAY!!"
"Any plans for OSC support? I guess it is called Simple*Midi*Pad, so I should shut up."
"thanks for the leads!"
"Any luck finding the pup? Also, is he chipped?"
"Liked that Ferriero mentioned sex collections at the preservation section"
"Really excited for the clinic this Saturday, it is going to be a great event. We hope to be seeing you in Franklin Street Gym."
"I'm 20"
"you need to start tweeting some more lol"
"Aw, Shucks ;) RT \" : love your place and your sign is awesome too.\" Thanks!"
"Yummy and Free (#glutenfree too if you choose!) Win them on our site www.knowledgesafari.com"
"mhmmmm...excuses excuses ;)"
"oh you know who."
"At the beginning of Casino you can clearly see the cut where they replace Robert De Niro with a dummy. Be sure to look for it."
"It's automatic some might call it insane."
"It's like 90 degrees outside, humid, raining, thundering, and I'm here dying"
"I registered a while back, but don't have the time. Would be happy to pass it off to you. DM me for details"
"I hate not being able to say what i really feel >.<"
"I'm located in the Lacuna Artists Lofts 2150 S Canalport Ave Suite 3C-11. I'm only open by appt as of now but you can come anytime"
"Cutler being a crybaby? Shocking! RT : I want to congratulate wisconsin's mvp, the refs. Vandy had no answer for you"
"where's the fight party tonight"
"Yes we will"
"nope it's all ages! Woo Hoo!!"
"Stayed tuned for behind the scenes pics as Pink Rocks The Runway Present's Christian Siriano Spring 2012."
"Feel free to call me for a free hair consultation. www.hairinthecity.me"
"I get to see in Atlantic City in 21 hours! I'm not counting down or anything! I really love me some #JamesBlunt!"
"no but you are"
"Thanks for the shout-outs & conversations today!"
"My grandma claims she can shit faster than anyone else in town"
"HAHA YES. Those freaking HighLighters. And the Head tilt. And the Hummus."
"i have to wait 54 days till i can get #believe ... THIS SUCKS :( thats 20 days after it comes out"
"do have to make an appointment now?"
"wish i could watch... but... uhh... im not even gonna even make up an excuse, ill be asleep... xDD"
"breaks em down 1 by 1 just like he says..... Good return mane"
"HOT PRODUCER outta #RVA...send me a email so i can send u sum #BANGERS...dont miss on dis new"
"interesting...I know nothing of the NC theatre scene other then the shitty Outdoor summer drama I used to run in Boone."
"Hyssop helps indigestion & asthma. It warms/stimulates the lungs, expels phlegm, balances circulation, and cleanses kidneys. And purifying!"
"HAPPY bday to LISA roger's BDAY bash in HOUSTON tonight..."
"Daughter\"a relationship without trust is like a car without Gas. You can stay in it , you just ain't goin no where\" Guess she was watching!!"
"I'm so happy and made up! ☺Thank God"
"Shout out to our new followers!"
"Mr.D's painting has been serving San Diego county for over 25 years. Look us up on the web or call us @ 619-562-5848"
"Yes! RT Good performers stay w/in lines. Great performers know when to improvise making the boundaries work for them."
"A few library systems in these states have declined to carry the book. NOT THE SAME THING. Thank God she didn't ask what else we have...."
"not yet my mang"
"There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.-- Anas Nin"
"swamp rooming it up"
"what's up my dude can u give me a shot out?"
"I'm on my game today and these hot wings are helping things out too."
"If you're trying to date me. Don't call me sexy. And don't message me saying hey I'm single now. Umm wow am i second best??? Thanks. Goodbye"
"lol...I'll share with a smart, sexy, cool companion....soon :)"
"have fun in India!!"
"The power of imagination makes us infinite"
"Lifting tomorrow? Yes!"
"That final was easy."
"Some things are just moving too slow. This needs to change."
"Any time for you, babes!"
"I always get really emotional during the draft. I mean how cool is it that these guys are about to make their dreams come true?! So cool"
"Ancora. Love it. Love. It. Miss you seein you at Kroger all the time too lol."
"Aw. Feel better!"
"Last chance to shop for Mother's day! Come get her something she'll love at Bath & Body Bistro! We've got what you need!"
"That damn Vantage."
"Follow North Carolina PR, Writer, etc."
"They should all go to my stache bash if they are all gonna meet up with you anyways. :( I really want to see Jordan"
"I challenge you to drink green tea vs coffee tomorrow....let me know the results! :)"
"thank you, thank you for sharing blog & vote - love ya! Excited for zoo Wed!"
"people have been reporting that for awhile now, at least the game doesn't say \"now loading\" every tag!"
"The seed is planted. Be on the lookout for buggies cruising down 30th St. any day now."
"RT : To innovate, plz don't let ur education get in the way of ur imagination. <L&D has tendency to get in the way of ourselves"
"hey where's my love lol Im the one who drove her there"
"► Kill everybody - Skrillex"
"Free tickets?"
"I think it's nap time.."
"OMG! head & shoulders on index"
"i hate when people steal my phone and dont give it back for five hours."
"Some family from Houston is here. Haven't seen them in forever. Too bad the reason is my uncle's funeral."
"Awesome! RT points to new website as a game changer. \"It's a node rather than an end point.\""
"I want to go to Michigan just because Tim Allen is the voice in the Michigan commercials"
"Phone companies, forget the apps, you really want to be ahead of the pack? Simple: The unsend SMS button! That is all."
"Heard this one? Two Snowmen walk into a bar and order a pizza! from Pizza Shuttle! We deliver all over the city!"
"What up Scott? How you feeling? Getting strong I hope.."
"i actually really did LOL right there."
"Since it includes in it, it also shows up in 's \"mentions\" or \"Connect\" feed."
"In the Master Bath … Drop-in sinks, under-mount sinks, vessel sinks or tiled-in sinks?"
"duel off baby!! Give it some wrist!!"
"3 generations of poor living hand to mouth w/o money.It is the( system) not the people doings.Change the system not the people?"
"In an effort to be as useless as possible, I am laying on the floor at my parent's house, still in my pajamas, watching Road House."
"“: Chumleys with the roomies. Schooner night!” thank you loyal customers:))"
"The new black panther party is a group of idiots that disgrace the legacy of the black panther movement."
"When my tummy hhurts & you rub my tummy #ThatsCute <3"
"now that there's an open bottle of wine in the house...i'm finding it really hard not to drink it. regardless of it being 9:30 a.m."
"cut it. Keep up the bounce."
"Jacking off will turn any animal into a romantic."
"Sleep over with tonight, yay!!!"
"Joshua Redman was born today in 1969. He won the Thelonious Monk International Jazz Sax Competition in 1991."
"This is a legit win for Calvin Johnson. The Panthers don't have enough fans to vote against Cam."
"No lights on the subway basks the cabin in the glow of fifty smartphones."
"best song by wiz in my opinion"
"Next up: Kentucky/UConn - remember, when you hear the 2 min warning, get a shot for just $2!"
"it was so amazing!!! :)"
":) RT Wife wearing plaid tights and black boots! Not much better than that!"
"nothin like a good nights sleep in your own bed."
"Very nice -BJO with Kenny Werner and Chris Porter at the Blue note tonight."
"would and do. Friend looking for \"breads\" w/o wheat. Trying to make some enjira like product. Any help? Will buy u beer."
"God bless you all today! :D"
"I'm #reading The Fault in Our Stars by John Green"
"PORTRAIT OF THE AMERICAN CIVIL WAR with Washington Symphonic Brass, Nov 6th. PUT THIS ON YOUR CALENDAR."
"promoting probably takes the most time out of all. who would have thought."
"HAPPY FRIDAY! Let’s finish the week strong!"
"Naps. I need one."
"How's that?"
"do you still have the 4th ticket?"
"I am thinking about getting a Ford Escape for a new car!"
"working on the Drupal cck_validation module today!"
"Polo Ralph Lauren"
"Tickets to Lil Wayne LIVE coming up before 5 o'clock LISTEN FOR PAULY's CUE TO CALL!"
"Me too. I am pleased that Obama supports same-sex marriage."
"How Did She Die? :("
"when someone steals your jokes.."
"So I was following everyone following until I got to 2k and it doesn't let me follow any more,ooh well.. #WellersAreAwesome<3"
"writing a new song today...my pen is itch'n to do wrk...#go'nin"
"I did follow"
"Gym time 💪"
"Happy Birthday Hilary Duff I've wanted to pl0w y0u since \"Lizzie\". #thewayiseeit n0w you're old en0ugh to say rated \"R\" things during sex."
"#TeamiPhone 📱 But I never use FaceTime. 😒"
"Thank you so much for the support Ashlyn!! :D"
"just got out of the theater a bit ago. It was awesome!"
"Two more hrs!"
"You'll beat them at home, for sure! I thought u had a great game. Keep up the good work! Nice job on TMZ"
"wait until you see JT diving save last night."
"Jake from who???"
"What is the feeling that you've smelled a certain skunk before?Deja phew!"
"The weirdest people follow me"
"RT cfaulkner-> Called #Clear they say no current outages. Mean while I get spotty connection."
"oh my gosh!!! where is that at???"
"Hey you! Bonjour"
"The Voice coach and Good Charlotte's Joel Madden part of Song Summit 2012 at ... - The Daily Telegraph"
"#Oscar best actor winner Jean Dujardin for 'The Artist'!"
"im gonna go now . ill talk to you later. bye , broseph."
"i am a sexy toe with a lot of swag, oh wait that toe is yours ;) #yee lol"
"am I rolling wit u boys tn???"
"Sounds good! It's a plan!"
"Come by the Grill Monster tonight, Lomas & Penn for MNF and some FREE GRUB!"
"Ah got it, and yes, it was friggin' awesome."
"Why is it that when you're driving and looking for an address, you turn down the volume on the radio?"
"Is there anything like this event in Tulsa close to Baltimore? I'd love my husband to attend."
"This weather turns me into a ball of nerdy/cuddly mush. If you have whiskey & Star Wars, call me."
"4 of my 5 close homies have babies now! How we gonna explore the world! I wonder can they get away for a few months lol"
"have the best time! I'm so jealous! I'm sure it will be amazing!"
"Alaska is in my grocery store. Seems like anomaly next to Hillary Duff and Gossip Girls, but Nerdfighters need milk too."
"LMAO. A list of sexual fantasies per the Scope listed this one: Getting boned by ‘Darth Vader’ while dressed up like a Storm Trooper"
"Anyone have a recommendation for a company who will crowdsource/work with a small co on a small budget to create a logo?"
"4th movie 8 Mile, big ups to for realizing Greg Buehl is the same guy as Nelson from Board Walk Empire"
"you sure know how to butter someone up :3"
"yeah, totally! It was great fun until my sister stood on the counter and yelled \"one more minute!\" Then they kicked us out."
"Ok where rod and them at\": naw i stay on hanwood now im about DM u my cell so wen u text me ill let u know\""
"\"Sometimes we're wrong. You're so scared of being wrong, you might miss out on something completely right\" Thank you"
"#MayThe4thBeWithYou That is all."
"your smart so I bet u have a B or an A"
"ok you clearly see bronze behind rose not getting ducked on"
"Zamnnnn she came at the whole org. though."
"let's see how sexy niallhoran liampayne and zayn are in"
"\"I'm buying a shirt for my ex-girlfriend. She's a bitch and doesn't deserve it. I want to make her feel bad. What do you think?\""
"Please send ticket/contact information to"
"I didn't even noticed that still now about saint louis"
"Fortune favors the bold."
"Haha you should, you're your biggest supporter!"
"-It doesn`t matter! :D"
"Did u ghost write for anyone if so who?"
"Saw film Sanctim. Seat squirmer! Story line predictable. Underwater cave diving scenes awesome."
"#RobertsGirl (; your blowing up my phone with your RT's!"
"Thanks for the follow!"
"ugh I hate that target, sloppy stock of inventory and unprofessional staff. It's a bit of a trek but the (contd)"
"Any word about Dr. Odell? I hope all is well, looking forward to his participation in the #SEAC2011\"2 type or not 2 type\""
"follow bak n wat u talkin bout half day"
"damn. she fell asleep."
"you guys should follow me on tumblr: ifightdragonz"
"Anybody have some Asian dance or musical skills and want to perform at the C'ville Festival of Cultures on May 8th? Email"
"Anybody else remember their ICQ number? Mine is burned into my memory forever (11481548)"
"I'm off on weekends so I'm tryin ta prolong my evening as much as possible"
"Not a good way to start the job, huh?! RT : New nanny. First day. 30 minutes late."
"SS, don't tell Noobodeee RT haha u a mess so u like chocalate dick?"
"“: you mean his wife?” -- of course"
"I'm on the way!"
"Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!"
"Wait...RIP Fergie was trending? I missed this o.O I hope this was a rumor you assholes!! I almost had a heartattack!! -_____-"
"whole factory got what.....vto right?"
"Well Im bout to go to BALLYS & get this serious workout in"
"What people say isn't going to stop me."
"My Tuesday feels like a Monday. I'm not giving my coworkers the satisfaction of seeing me cry. I will start cussing before I cry today!"
"---- I would love a stomach like that! Useful info!"
"Why do I always get stuck sitting next to crazy woman on the train demanding a $3 refund from the Metra customer service dept?"
"haha! You have a NASTY mind darren...lol :P"
"Erin has a few openings today; come make your Saturday smooth like honey! Give us a call: 415.658.5132"
"Just got 37 mpgs this last fill up. That's what's up."
"when are u not high? lmfaooooo ;____;"
"has gotten me 14 followers...in a matter of a few days"
"RT : Hopslam at last! Looking forward to trying Oarsmen."
"Ha ha, a Thunder fan says KEEP it! Glad I could keep you informed and entertained"
"If you see today, wish him a happy birthday!"
"without further ado let's get this show on the road shall we!!!"
"when is nexy u stream?? -anna"
"Hey #ABQ! You get AlbuKirky BBQ Sauce & Rub at Keller's on Eubank & Coors. Just in time for your Labor Day #BBQ!"
"lol it didn't hurt that bad."
"Thanks! I'm obscurely comforted that it's Daily Razor's fault, not mine, and therefore their problem to fix."
"A two-month-old baby has died of pertussis in San Miguel County. NM's first whooping-cough death in since 2005: a fact that comforts no one."
"Reading between the lines is an art that some people can't grasp"
"I... I don't wanna lose you, you're my bestfriend. Idc if you don't feel the same. I don't wanna lose you."
"u ppl r meeeeeeeeeeennnnnnn if u said 1 word 2 me u wld make my day :("
"Tell Dan it's Hos-a not Hose-a!"
"u welcome...."
"Joyce Twitterspam -- \"hey there check out what critic Harold Bloom wrote about James Joyce's wife Nora ROLF LOL booio/6e\""
"Congratulations ! I would take a math class from you any day"
"Please PLEASE hurry up."
"considering I filled it out in 2 minutes and went for crazy upsets, I wasn't expecting greatness haha lol"
"Just wanted to say hello! took over the twitter on our laptop! gotta lolve it! we are having fun at this event!"
"There's hearing the call, & then there's listening to it. Listening = Doing"
"We're starting a small businesses in the 43rd exchange at our monthly meetings next month. Hope you can join us!"
"YUP IMMA WISH FOR THAT ON MY BIRTHDAY MAY 25 all daii cant wait Im so random where did I come from with my bday"
"lmfao, at what kyree is telling us on the phone!!"
"Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Glide Dental Pics and most oral care products."
"GO STEELERS!"
"in Chicago for the weekend!"
". But true he's really scared hahahhahah #like a boss hahahhahahah"
"Sometimes I wonder who has the bigger Beyblade addiction. Me or my 5 year old?"
"Mayweather won last night?"
"I just need something different."
"“: I have a feeling this is going to be a good year. Welcome 2012. Let's have some fun.” Yeah boy"
"Summer isn't far away. Time to step it up."
"When I wrote this I thought of Eric Kelly! \"Oh I'm a lifegaurd, I'll save you.\""
"Forecasters warn dry conditions could lead to brush fires"
"I remember when I went to Italy with my mother & grandmother, we never knew who the guys were hitting on"
"Good Morning, sunshine. A new day to spring forward."
"It still amazes me on how business is handled over text these days."
"It's always a great day to paint in America's finest city.Call today for a free estimate and see why our motto is \"We Love to Paint\" Mr.D's"
"dear person behind us, stop being an ass. Love, Jess, Libby, and Lauren :)"
"Fabulous session with on facilitating online learning! OMG!"
"You know you had a good time when you can't tell your parents what you did :P"
"I feel like we might of but I'm not sure cause it started from like 3rd quarter"
"RT : Walking around in the biggest Nordstrom in the world"
"Found a place called Alpaca World in a shopping mall today. Bought a lot of stuff."
"Dafuuuuuq? And i Thought That Nigga Was Smart. RT Albert Einstein married his first cousin."
"Minister is a funky track! after the mellow Smooth Jazz CD I do next Im going to do a Funky Jazz all up temple, then retire Ha!!"
"Hoping that maybe she will like the nice guy for once"
"The Doc Chey's Breakfast with Santa is sold-out, but there are still 10 tickets left for the event"
"Did you bring a bag lunch today? Lol"
"566 federally recognized indian tribes in America. Check out Kent Monkman and James Luna and Bryan Youngin."
"Damn,day off and I am up at 8am,blasphemy!"
"There is no longer such a thing as a safe and secure job."
"finally carving pumpkins. :)"
"peace out mahomies. bed time for me, me thinks. well see ya tomorrow morning luvies ;) this sexy toe is out. xoxoxoxoxoxoxo"
"you go girl :)"
"he my type though. He goes to school, works, sweet, sexy, funny, DRIVES. But he straight though :((((((("
"<3 Chinese Room. Inspiration to all gamers and designers who aren't impressed with the current status quo of games."
"thank you! :)"
"If looking to post links + a summary with image if story has one, the FB App RSS Grafitti works well for our client Fan Pages"
"Ditto. You boys rock the Kessler real good now."
"So ready for lunch!"
"\" you look trashy\""
"thanks for the follow! Happy Sunday! Come to the Home show tmoro, it's free!"
"u look pretty in that pic"
"Why is it so hard to throw away rubber bands?"
"Baldwin: \"The original bill I wasn’t comfortable with, but we can't have outright theft of U.S. intellectual property.\""
"This match is intense!"
"Catch the last hour - Global Wine Tasting: 6pm - 9pm at Casa Del Mara in Lake Worth"
"We're My Buddy aaht ?"
"MORE SHARPIE!"
"I just wish I could live my life like nothing bad ever happened, but I realize that I am who I am because of all the pain I've suffered."
"speaking of pushover. Are you coming over tonight?"
"I was going to have Tyler Flowers delivered but it was too expensive."
"Going to be so dead tomorrow !"
"My sister is such a grouchy bitch omgg Gtfo"
"Ha thanks Dave! I am now the newest entrant into your NCAA pool"
"we are waiting patiently :)"
"I suck guys off like mick jagger"
"Really glad I decided to pick up a pair of #Vibram 5-Finger Shoes!"
"Is she really your twin? Or a friend that looks and acts like you?"
"What is your favorite Bible verse?"
"she told my mom you hit her!! ha"
"I got chased off, but not shot. Always a good day when you don't get hurt."
"Who ever thought they would see the day that Tim Tebow went to hell?"
"Don't let me get in my zone."
"Yea, the secret to enjoying it at all is starting w rock bottom low expectations. Then you can be pleasantly surprised."
"yes if u want to send something in do so quickly"
"yes yes yes. Always apply"
"as long as you was smoking good sugar..."
"A Woody Allen movie a day keeps the madness intact."
"We will see everyone in #Pittsburgh tomorrow. Look for us for a special opportunity for your staff."
"Our crazy messed up brains aotomatically feel atracted to them... weather we like it or not"
"That's an important Q. Also funny to consider that the \"corridors of power on C st.\" include Grab & Go and a Ross."
"- I already have 'em."
"did you feel game 7 lakes win was lucky? Rangers Game 7 win was $"
"Most kids are damaged by the effects of poverty. Learning is slowed = failure = pushed out of school = no HS diploma = poverty for life"
"hey bitch"
"two things you dont FUCK with my FOOD and my SHIT I buy"
"ABCs of digital photo organizing: Album, Backup, Can (yes, still trash!!)"
"#40days till #BELIEVE ...EXCITED!!!! love youu"
"hey gurl! Having fun?"
"REM is not breaking up. They're just finally hitting that deeper level of sleep"
"Weekend is full. Hope I can squeeze some pool time in."
"S/O 2 My Sister Out There In Cali & Arizona Handling Busine$$ Keep Grindin Keep Shinin :) Love Ya!!!"
"makes his debut tonight at 10:30pmCT! Tune in!"
"hey this is mike blotzers band, son of bobby from ratt. RT us!!!"
"I miss you too! Your child came over the house yesterday... I thought you were coming. :'("
"Go buy another round and its all on me, as long as I'm around, put it down on me!"
"How was everyone's weekend? I got some amazing things coming up this month so stay updated with Facebook and my Website! :)"
"WAY like!"
"so wonderful to see you all on Friday!"
"Rad may have helped Josh but he was such a defensive liability he could have hurt.He hasn't shown me he's the best not in NHL."
"French and little Spanish. Not well with Spanish tho"
"Panel on Sat @ 2pm discusses NC textile cottage industries. Followed by dance where a dress made of clay \"returns\" to the earth. Free."
"your music cheers me up so much, i love you i hope one day your recongise me and follow me!"
"It seems Facebook is in a rush to get out. Perhaps before the market corrects. Let's see how much capital gets drained and repositioned."
": a little Bell told me you are a \"God\" at C. I've got a project I could use some advice on."
"I feel oddly defensive of that Battleship movie because it stars Tim Riggins. But, I know. I know."
"thanks for looking into it! Appreciate it :)"
"I've been craving some Dunkin Donuts lately. Gonna make my tummy happy & go for a munchkins run."
"Well, it's Friday night and I've got a hot date with NyQuil and self pity. See ya'll tomorrow. I hope."
"what's good with my boy vert tell that boy I said what's good"
"Now is the time to get in the best shape of your life! It is almost summer time! If not now, when? msg me for details"
"Would you be interested in speaking at an International Filipino Summit for my organization ?"
"hey Britt, u coming over for dinner?"
"Extremely disappointing loss in overtime by the Kings in Stanley Cup playoffs resulting in elimination. Had very good season though."
"Good to know, thanks! cc:"
"I don't think that came out right."
"Truth! RT : Education and information help reduce fear/anxiety for patients. Transparency is key"
"If you haven't had THE SCHWARTZY brisket sandwich from , you haven't lived!"
"the weatherman is calling for a little snow. I'm ready for summer. Go away winter!!!!!!"
"Woo! 4 hours of sleep"
"oh ok ill see if I can check it out"
"yeah I know. I don't understand them. Stupid hypocrites :p"
"I am Def Still UP.."
"Rock the bells .... Hmm"
"I haven't changed my twitter name ever since I got a twitter...hmm. Just noticed lol"
"Braved the rain for some peach pinkberry, totally worth it"
"Good job cowgirls. If you make it to the playoffs, I'll give you the second part of your name back."
"RT : #actors It's strange when you don't have 1 single smiling headshot on your commercial account. Smile, w/ teeth! :D"
"Thank You!"
"who was 8 and who was 13?"
"Testing conversation history. Hi!"
"No one can viably say, \"If #Romney wins the election, I'm moving to Canada\" b/c you know he can just buy it."
"Cannot contain my excitement. Seriously. OMG. <3"
"always knew u were a heartbreaker... But not likes this J, not my poor heart :-("
"RT how's my lip balm? <- it misses your lips"
"Oh okay(: Just send them in by April 18th (:"
"I only see one. But wtf. I hate it all."
"you know what you should do?? tweet me? ;D"
"Don't forget that fabulous voters would like Mitt Romney more if we were boring."
"pats vs lions you heard it first"
"I went ice skating and now i am in pain"
"Everybody wanna be fly till you swat e'm . -"
"Golf Tip: Keep the club low on takeaway and low through impact."
"Everyone knows it's flu season . . . don't forget it's always virus season!"
"FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW"
"now that's a show you can't miss for a year and have any idea what's going on. 2 Walters? So confused."
"Happy birthday babyy ! you changed both of our lifes so much , were so proud of u congrats <3"
"shelter that gets most downloads wins prize"
"Don't be afraid! God does His best work in the face of impossibility. Be Encouraged!"
"Lord I need you now"
"Hunters beware, all those dear you shot are gonna come back and get their revenge and among them will be bambi's mom"
"where in europe"
"I let my five-year-old take over all my Draw Something games. Stick figures for all!"
"tv has you looking like a cone head lol"
"Love to hear it! What did you have? RT Just enjoyed a fantastic lunch ~ good as always!"
"Been listening to the single over and over. They ain't ready."
"\"Who is your daddy......and what does he do?\""
"more stress?"
"oh my freaking gosh. already?"
"i miss you! are you going to come with kim this summer? :D"
"I've been walking around too agressively lately. Averaging nearly 17k steps for the last three days and my knees are a little sore."
"All in all this is a pretty perfect weekend."
"I'm my footies ....sexy."
"What's your favorite healthy lunch to eat OUT when you forgot yours or you're just on the road all day?"
"HELLO #PDX!!! Happy Sunday! Just thought we should let y'all know that we are serving up $3 MIMOSAS today along with brunch - Cheers!"
"thank youu! btw love the username ;)"
"“: My eyes are puffier than my pillow... 😒” mine too lol"
"Nice. RT : Gruden didn't like our pick... makes me feel even better about it! Jerel Worthy is a Packer!"
"\"Look before you leap, for snakes amoung sweet flowers do creep\". Just saw a snake in my garden."
"Today at practice we had to scrimmage the girls.."
"you left me for a girl who didnt even want yo ass. how dumb do you look."
"If you dont got time for me , Then I aint got time for you"
"no but all my ex's are there (in my george str8 voice) lmao"
"let's!"
"#nowplaying - Eye Know - de la soul"
"ok I digg dat they do stank I smokem & I hav 2 let the window down 2 breathe"
"Mexico VS. Argentina 11:30am TODAY!"
"These next two weeks are gonna be harder than I thought.. But Poland better be ready, bc I'm bout to tear it up!"
"i was the short guy that came in around 11:15 that spent an hour looking around"
"that movie describes my life too well"
"Got second place in the battle of the bands at Altar Bar!!!!!!"
"well, i know forsure there are 2 songs that definitely have that influence."
"Survived the weekend. A little worse for wear. But I live nonetheless."
"Haha uh oh PITT is driving."
"At the beach, everyone is wearing jackets and I'm in my underwear!"
"I know he's not the cutest guy in the world, but still, there's something about him that makes my heart drop to my feet."
"S/O to my lovely #NF Stay High!"
"Great rehearsal today with the amazing"
"I think a product should be able to sell itself.. but one can't lose focus of brand -"
"I want webbs tonight! Summer class started, oh boy!"
"Happy Friday! Remember to treat your customers like you want to be treated today."
"And I still don't know who Jason Aldean is"
"I'm in desperate need..."
"Registration is now open for the next BarCamp on April 14th."
"Guess I'm going to school! Shower time :)"
"Wanna wish everyone a Happy Sweetest Day if you've got no one to love or think no one loves you *i love you* Happy Sweetest Day"
"Phone kept me from sleeping this morning...... now its stephen A. & skip Teb.....I meam bayless."
"no kidding! There was a 3rd one too...What's that last one? Let's see...Pawlenty, Bachmann, & um....I don't...I can't...oops!"
"I got 37th today. No dice. Did you make it?"
"Who attended the Remodelers Home tour today? tweet your thoughts on how you think it went!"
"Might take a ride on the ol wheeler!"
"Our Norvell solution is perfect for clients seeking cover up of skin discolorations such as vitiligo."
"Me too! Hi!! RT Smiling over all the new #BCSM-LA friends. Hi ladies!"
"You should be with me"
"Comm. McDowell, internet going mobile, minorities leading the way; allow consumers informed choices n competitive mktplace."
"Headed to the tre fo tomorrow. Can't wait to see the fam."
"Have a office of 15 or more? Call Kristi at 202- 296- 6500 for extended happy hour prices! ANY DAY OF THE WEEK!"
"IF my life was a tv show, new episodes would air thursday nights at 9..."
"BTW who still uses fax. I'm looking at you #USPS mail recovery center"
"anytime boo😘"
"I Love Twitter"
"oh shit everyone watch out!"
"*doesn't go back to bed because he realizes he has some serious info cramming to do*"
"Jose Lopez just jacked a 3 run bomb. Unreal."
"I heard the gear is in. So excited to get my gear!"
"the inner AI is coming outta U . you must b hanging with R-truth or JTG"
"u do kno me man"
"Love Wade's accent ah"
"honestly ur the most amazing person, dont u ever listen to those bullies there not worth it, they really must be blind!!<3"
"Praise the Lord, I'm at the end of my life and I need a word from you I just can't make it in the world"
"when are you going to be able to double click at the top of your desktop screen and return to the top of the page?"
"lemme get some"
"Fate it seems has brought about a sence of irony!"
"RT : Fail fast, fail forward (progress), fail better. - Erik Qualman"
"Our client would recommend \"George of the Jungle 2\" ;)"
"Amy Poehler, too."
"when is the Pittsburgh show?"
"Great presentation by Shyam Sankar and the Palantir folks, and great to see their AnalyzeTheUS site."
"Out Of Difficulties Grow Miracles"
"If i don't like you please don't try to say hi to me. Bet money ima look at you like you stupid af and keep it pushing."
"Oh my god I need to see more of the new Transformers movie !"
"Gostick: For the most impact, recognition needs to be given at least every 7days and should be specific"
"Just heard a blurb on indiana tornadoes on bbc world report ..."
"Hey man! Definitely interested in rockin with my fellow Chicago Detroiters. Let's chat. Thanks for the intro!"
"No not yet. I want to come this summer."
"what up K. Guess who's BACK!!!"
"Banana Cream Pie with Salty Bourbon Caramel via"
"Very much so! Thank you."
"me too! Now stop talking to me.:)"
"taking a full schedule of summer classes at KSU and doing an internship....fun fun!"
"so excited to go to the Montana Archaeological Society Conference this weekend!!!!!"
"Peoples loves to watch fights and talk about it. But when they get in a fight,they get mad when people gossip about it and give evil stares."
"Less than two weeks until our website launch!"
"kids choice awards lol. who is hosting snl ?!"
"Thank you! and I are so thrilled to be a part of this great Team!!!!!"
"#MDNA #Madonna Gotta shake up the system & break all the rules. Gotta turn up the Radio. I'm liking it. Few songs remind me of #Yaz &"
"Ok finally got into Pablo Honey.....only took 18 years"
"Men: please make a considerable effort to be a warrior on and off the field. Not just on xbox."
"GAHH this guy! This annoying guy! I want to punch a wall! If you only knew what he was typing to me! STUPID"
"Buenos Dias :o Today you should have a Clementine."
"\"Back to Bulgaria Brunch\" with"
"We have some superclouds here in Portland tonight."
"@ Bristol watching the games & races"
"thanks i try *struts stuff*"
"Joveralls degrees outside and I put on SPF 50 just for the walk to EJ's house. Dreading summer"
"I love the gorgeous men and women on these Spanish Soaps!!!! Aye aye aye!!!"
"It just doesnt sound right to me."
"absolutely! Just tell us where and when."
"I have to agree"
"gee you don't know how hard it is to be as funny and awesome as me day in and day out, i'm like fn' james franco"
"kenny powers is sneaky like that! This season is taking a weird turn."
"Interesting news"
"what flowers do you have tattooed on your arm??"
"yeah.. back then i'd usually just say f it sometimes + do a full clone... it'd only take like 15 min"
"Happy Birthday!!!"
"On DWTS tonight, wear a \"cowboy tux\" or u will feel under-dressed. Just ask !!"
"now I can work a 40 hour week without the stress of school"
"if i get 400 followers i'll say my big ass secret"
"Damn I want some icecream. m Late night craving/early morning craving."
"Finally arrived in Fargo. The air is crystal clear."
"Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Wheldon Family!"
"Mar 1952: Every night Churchill read the political part of the newspapers. \"It was his contact with the ordinary man.\""
">>> Better song for to walkout to, Stay Ready or Why you bullshittin?"
"Congratulations to Hammes scores in OT and secures the 2011-2012"
"In economics, the majority is always wrong."
"Being a virgin isnt always what its cracked up to be"
"see your boy got the pole"
"I now feel that a picture of a smashed keyboard should be posted with the caption #ChrisBrown's Keyboard."
"coming to see me?"
"Me too!"
"Nice. Enjoy Restaurant Eek! tehehe"
"golf tourney. Brought my giant toothbrush for a putter."
"Hope you had a Happy Birthday!"
"come on people all i need is 6 more followers till i get to 200 followers so please follow"
"I've been reading but not blogging...how has this happened. How did it get this way?"
"good system u got in yeckel"
"Why so quiet today, Facebook? Where you at, babes?"
"it does help. Lol. If Kevin can't do it, no one can!!"
"So nice outside, minus all the pollen covering my car. Should be a nice weekend to celebrate St. Patty's!"
"Watching Monsters Inc. <3"
"You don't seem to be very active on da twitterer lately.... #whaddupwitdat?"
"I LOVE selena and justin :) justinlena ;D"
"U should, Ced, that's how u, all of us were blessed to get here! :)"
"That Lyon guy is home!"
"I love that I have what amounts to a team of professors that have more confidence in me than I do in myself."
"Bears! Shocker!"
"Ma daughters b off that 2 Chainz ... I'm ridin Roun n I'm getting it smh"
"I hope the loading times don't suck in LittleBigPlanet Karting, like they did in ModNation Racers."
"that is the job of a particular , he says. :)"
"About to head downtown to see \"Act Like A Lady Think Like A Man\"! :)"
"Not everybody lives but everybody dies!"
"You got this girl! Let this coming weekend be your motivation!!! 😊👍"
"Say NO to bullying. RT if you agree."
"But after a year of voter contact, CD still polls higher?"
"Drakes eyebrows vs JColes eyebrows the long awaited battle who will win"
"AW how sweet!!! all over Twitter. But seriously Happy Mothers Day!!!"
"Actual fireworks during the song \"Firework\""
"I have something like 4000 nerds in my bloodstream right now. Thank you DiSC!!!!"
"schedule is coming together. lots of goodies to choose from..."
"ur a damn lie."
"Goodnight loves! Don't forget to wash your face;) the 1-step cleanser is perfect to clean, remove excess oils & tone all in 1"
"LoveVoodoo is sponsoring SlutWalk DC - in our nation's capitol - tomorrow 11-4. Join us in the walk and then afterwards at our booth."
"RT : finally created a Twitter list of those followers who are local. Lists ca be a great tool"
"Thanks for the mention and stay tuned. Lots on the way!"
"Happy Easter! He died for s all Love you! Visualize and you will acheive!"
"The only time I ever got a plethora of retweets was when I tweeted about"
"Big 10 drops a tight one tonight, 10-8. 1st loss for the A's, who will take a week off for the 4th before returning to the diamond."
"Thanks, Christine!"
"damn been runnin around this city all day im ready sleep"
"The way people are talking, they're giving up. I wish they would. They give real Pens fans a terrible name. Good riddance."
"It's impossible to lose you because I never had you.. Although I would be glad to."
"What's your fitness schedule looking like today?"
"Good afternoon ladies :) dont be afraid to say it back :P.."
"we play at pershing against hoboken"
"Ear infection...in BOTH EARS??? C'mon, seriously?"
"Happy Monday to the most recent tweeters on our feed -"
"If US \"richies\" renounce the nation that supports them so, let 'em leave, but their jobs and assets should stay in US."
"Doctors say that one piece of bacon takes 9 minutes off of your life. That has to be most delicious form of suicide I have ever heard."
"I am going to have to consider the reality that one of the cats has hidden my iPod."
"top of the 10th, buddy."
"Hope everyone has a safe and happy holiday!"
"No wonder she lost she said \"moist\""
"Today I identified one of the gaping holes in my empty existence: I really miss the casual subversion of not rewinding."
"hey there"
"ehhh it could b better"
"In digital age, Reptar puts live show first - Online Athens"
"#sourcefest Panel: AAH asks \"how much do you consider local vs national artists and audiences when selecting your season?\""
"I seriously need sleep or else I might die."
"Wildcat is bout to run wild again tonight."
"haha sorry bro but Blake's got this (: ! But good luck to you (: your Gunna need it ! (: hahaha"
"For is for blokes, PEPSI's for folks!"
"Minor official, Great American Empire, Now heron watching."
"Hahaha! Juan, you kill me!"
"I need to contemplate upon the tree of woe."
"I miss going to work in the dark"
"Has everyone gotten their tickets/rooms for Super Bowl?"
"Thomas Jackson (BusinessWorld2) thanks for the follow."
"I got so much swag i could prolly lend you some ;)"
"Out of town, but have fun for me :)"
"What's good tweet world"
"I sent my mom a vibrator, so I can pretend that I didn't call cause I didn't want to disturb her"
"Marketing support. #www.bpmktg.com. Communication plans. We plan it, execute it and tell you what the ROI is. We drive down acquisitions."
"na a trip for 2 to Jamaica."
"and its gotta be afc if its not #dabears. Unless we just screw a team all up, in which dal, det, or min would work"
"how do they get the letters on/off?"
"Held out $10 to a homeless guy then pulled it back and yelled \"SIKE\"...think that's low? You should see our prices!"
"Oh when?!? We'll be there twice this month! :-) No doll, still in Seattle. I'll be making a trip down to LA very soon. :) xo"
"Writing the office quotes all over flashcards because its so much better than studying them>>"
"Catch three of our FPAC Festival Co-Directors talking about FPAC 20 on Kababayan LA (channel 18) today at 4:30pm!"
"Invite us to your next 10tastes and we'll create DeliciousBuzz for you via our media buzz contacts! We <3 all things DELICIOUS!"
"I'm so excited!!! :D I hope I'm one of the first 400!!!!"
"Facebook doesn't hold a candle to Twitter on nights like tonight (NH Primary)."
"Yes! Our 1000th tweet. Thank you to our followers & writers for making our jobs the best ever! Experience music & celebrate life tonight!"
". Hey, congrats on your forthcoming AN UNEXPECTED GUEST (April 2012, y'all)"
"Almost Done reading a book"
"So, now you're taking it on trips with you?!?"
"\"There is no marketing cure for sucking.\""
"Don't speak your anger, speak your heart. What's behind the anger? This is not being weak, its being real."
"The Political Hurricane is looking for people interesting in writing for our website. Looking for Tampa and Jax area writers."
"She already thought geek when she married you. /"
"haha. Thanks. I was so annoyed. Experiencing major #autocorrectfail this morning. ;-)"
"- Random Family by Adrian Nicole LeBlanc"
"Happy lovely hump day"
"Continuing to keep the entire Vandeven family in my prayers. Reminds you to Live Jesus every day and to not take it for granted"
"Brought apple slices for my 1 yr old on the car ride to my audition today and lo and behold my husband ends up eating them!"
"Thanks for telling us about how you are celebrating Jazz Appreciation Month"
"hope all is well."
"i haven't been to the aquarium since i was in like 3rd grade."
"lol we aint go! Cause they aint wanted to make tht drive so i macked on fat hoes till i gt bored"
"Come enjoy our Southern Hospitality!!!"
"Sick To Death :s :s :s"
"Just purged the list of who I am following... cleansing is good for the oxygen levels in the universe."
"I'm learning too"
"I'd rather be lied to and be happy, then to know the truth and be crushed."
"Reverbnation got the track ''Unheard Cries'' as a download hooked up directly to paypal"
"i used to own a bieber twitter & i have so many edited pics of justin if you want to use them. (: haha."
"too soon."
"duh!! Multiple times! Haha :)"
"This mornings festivities have made me even more excited about going to MD next Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Lunch? Who needs lunch?!"
"Yeah, but people should be at council meetings, BOE meetings, etc. Voting once every four years isn't enough for this place."
"It's cold and grey out... I want a nap"
"Twitter can be deceiving.."
"Y.E.S. hahahahaha!"
"I loved your book DDT. You've done something I've always wanted to do. Looking forward to the game this afternoon."
"Next guy up. Ravens have a lot of talent on D. Injuries happen. No reason Ravens can't win the Super Bowl."
"Join me now at Brewers Game Chat #brewers #brewtownsports (link) via"
"ten min"
"too bad!"
"SUCKS for Terrell Suggs. Man is in his prime. But I'm not going to act like I feel oh so bad for him... I don't. Keep it moving"
"Both of Us, or Arena! (: x"
"Usual Suspects on HBO. This film is fucking magnificent. Got to watch from very beginning."
"Anyone knows how to make a pretty compliment in Spanish?"
"Humpday Happy Hour! $3 rail drinks, select draft beers, house wines til 7pm!"
"It's another nasty day out in DC so I have decided to stay in bed all day! Or until the sun comes out!"
"Didn't several more \"Green\" businesses go bankrupt and others are laying off workers? Things don't add up."
"I ate chocolate ice cream for breakfast. ^-^"
"Do you need to refer Clients to low fee counseling? Then call Denver family Institute today! 3037563340"
"Sweet! Just ordered some Debbie Bliss cashmerino yarn to knit a blanket for my bro-in-law and sis-in-law's first baby, due in September!"
"yep getting ready to head that way and catch the first fight at 5:00 they two main events will be on hbo tonight @ 9"
":) RT Ha, is making a big promotional push on twitter. Bcs what that festival really needs is more people there"
"I NEED to find a Great Bible College"
"what does Kentucky have to do with it?"
"Great article & couldn't agree more. Yes, we ARE enough."
"with the current state of med and tech in this field, how long do you think it will take?"
"My #fridayreads are a stack of travel guides about Peru!"
"no doubt!! Just need 6 mph more to reach Bill Elliott's record ..."
"Thanks for all your support. Check out if you haven't. we are playing his release at Crofoot fri 27"
"congrats!!! Boiler up !!!"
"Saints are on fire!!! Lots of weapons on that team, sproles, grahme, thomas.....balanced and aggressive"
"Psalm 10:14 \"But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; ...you are the helper of the fatherless.\""
"hey thanks for the mention:)"
"How about some tweets? : )"
"I know we don't all have the time to bake, but you can at least use a high end bakery that does it right! None of that fake stuff!"
"what other reason would it be, right? I mean, it can't just be life in general, because that's too normal. Haha."
"Awesome - have a MEGA-RAD time!!! “: About to enjoy the Van Halen concert. Hope everyone's well”"
"#Knicks Lets start fresh next year"
"Love it! RT \"The world was in peril! Would you have me stand by and do nothing...?!\" ~"
"Thanks! RT : #Follow Home-grown Southern Kitchen & Bathroom Design/Consultation"
"Aw imma cry i thought the iconic boyz were gunna be on tonite :'( but i guess not"
"no they don't. They are the Lakers smh"
"why the sad face?"
"You can find lots of suggestions online - find other like minds & create guidelines - then commit to meet. Good luck!"
"Police union spokesman: 1 suspect shot and killed by police, 2 shot when officers respond to a burglary in progress in Little Village."
"we gotta set our alarms RT Tickets to #TheHungerGames go on sale TOMORROW. RT if you’re going opening night."
"Tonight's game marks the first sweep of that team since Jess Settles, Andre Woolridge and the Marlboro Man."
"hahahahaha well yourself"
"Gonna throw some burgers on the grill... And kick back.."
"hey! You're catching on, anything earlier than 12 I'm asleep unless im working haha"
"Colts are having a fire sale."
"Contemplating opening a bottle of Claret while I work on some editing..."
"I know, but I'm glad!!"
"I just heard a siren in the coffee place I'm working at. It wasn't a siren, though. It was a little boy warning me what's comin 4 me"
"#Actors, shoot #headshots with me within a week of your birthday and get one look free!"
"Chimpanzee trailer. >>>>>"
"looking for the April Issue!!!"
"Happy Friday, my little goats! Remember the only way to make a better entrance than wearing a backless dress is holding an HG Variety Pack!"
"Just I say faggot doesn't mean I'm talking about a gay person"
"Just waiting for the charts to pop up! What this morning will bring. No one knows,mean while i think I will have a cup of java!"
"Poults of all of your tweets these are my favorite updates. What a blessing you are to these children and their families"
"good morning all - choose to have a wonderful day ! -time for a Starbucks- get the juices flowing-"
"Join us for the Juilliard Jazz Orchestra Originals concert, 8pm tonight in Alice Tully Hall. Email \"\" for free tickets!"
"well that's good :) i don't think prom is as big of a deal.as.people make it"
"Okayy. Wanna play on Friday? You, Daniel, and I?"
"Switch! RT : Vladimir Putin has signed an executive order appointing Dmitry Medvedev as Prime Minister"
"Hey Frank, loved you in WARRIOR and THE GREY, but unless you sent me a DM, I think you got hacked. Good luck!"
"www.mwishartpi.com loves the pi directory Private-Investigator-Detective.com"
"Nice! He brought me an annual pass to Disney World!"
"RT or tweet me if your going to see #ONEDIRECTION on JUNE 29 in florida ! Please i need to know!!"
"Umm if you have been on Maury 5-6 times for DNA tests and you went thru 10 men wtf are you doing thats a mega ho! Smh poor babies"
"tj maxx in oak creek $40 on clearance. Love love love"
"Hi Caro! I can't message you back because Preston Paper is not following me!"
"you are a true arianator"
"we shall pay!"
"It is Jan 2010 and the credits for buying and selling homes goes away in April 2010, THE TIME TO ACT IS NOW. Call me 585-455-2443"
"'Welcome Home Veterans' Parade & Concert - April 14th, 4pm - 1am, Downtown Melbourne"
"Few things get me wetter than exhibition college football in April"
"bowling tonight!"
"wanna watch me explode into happy, tiny pieces? Sign Peyton, Let Timmy Learn behind him, 10 years of Super Bowls for the #Broncos endure<3"
"lmfao Somebody come here and look at this......look at this......God damn cat drinking milk out the bowl"
"I just sent you some information. Thank you!!"
"I hope all that #ASLRRA2012 are planning to participate in (National Train Day)."
"So a glass of wine and cuddle up in my bed alone, movie night all night..."
"Two weeks in Israel.. gonna be so legit."
"its does my guy"
"I'm not sure how I lived 16 years without screenshot"
"Goodnight everyone, sweet dreams!"
"HT Thanks for the tip! Let's start putting together a library of resources..."
"Wait...that's not your real picture?"
"What songs are on your running playlist?"
"Monday is over, thank you sirs. Time to finish work and skip to Tuesday"
"Bought me a bottle for tonight."
"Interesting to see little or no corporate logos inside Rose Garden for NCAA tourney compared to college bowl games"
"Mr. President - Why can't we simply cut some of the foreign aid to help with our deficit? We do not have the $ to send outside the USA."
"where did u run off to???"
"I hope being busy is a good thing! Miss ya, kinda. :)"
"The soundtrack to the movie Drive is pretty solid"
"can't win"
"My mom and her friends...."
"Hi, please follow me so I can respond to your mes..thx"
"REALLY!? It would rain when I didn't bring my coat."
"Failure is not an option! RT Tried looking for an ugly Christmas sweater and failed miserably"
"#Brewers go up 2-1. Bad base running."
"M..Guinness <3"
"Planning my cd release show for the 24th. All-Star band and singers. . It's gonna be a party at and Linsdley. 6:00. See you there."
"Ok I'm up"
"favorite korn song- freak on a leash!! god love that song"
"in other news, my hair is now frozen, five minutes after leaving the building"
"We're so excited that will be on Hollywood From Home on Jan 25th. Im watching A.N.T Farm right now in celebration!"
"make your account private"
"U the 1"
"A long shot, but has anyone ever gotten #groovy to weave aspects with the aspectj-maven-compiler? Supposedly it can."
"Get ripped and shredded with Elite Trainer Max \"The Body\" at Hollywood Body Club"
"Are you at Coachella? If yes - very jealous..."
"So what's gonna be your excuse tomorrow when we're all still here? :P"
"Chicago's awesome. Met a ton of great peeps yesterday. I am ready for today. Tonight...Twin Anchors. Be there!!!"
"what can we help you with? all the emails should go to"
"Jay kay, you taste like (*insert your favorite flavor here)"
"Wasn't angry when I talked to him last month. He's smart, he understands things. If he pitches like he is, he'll be up soon."
"What is something you do everyday? wants to know who you are! Check out t.co/toL1YZPV"
"Yeah that's gotta be true. This one got better reviews than others but it's pretty much a shithole."
"I find myself in a similiar situation, but am not sure that I like the show. I just can't stop watching it."
"Starting new series \"WhoDoYouThinkYouAre?\" tom ! Giving away 21 day devotional guides to discover identity in Christ!"
"stop it. your wedding blog is THE most adorable thing EVER."
"And by Gary I mean"
"Playing with kids is like a game of improve that doesn't end until everyone has a bar mitzvah"
"she's called me before but go ahead and give it to her please"
"Damn my nigga Damn #gone 😲😲😲"
"I think it means you've drawn an arbitrary line between one area of your aesthetic cognition and another."
"I'm loving this new song, 'Daughters.' This is why he's in my top three of favorite lyricists. 😊🎧"
"those 3D sonograms are creepy as fuck. don't care what you preggo chicks think. they scare me."
". Hi. We are looking for an in house web designer in McKinney, TX"
"RT God turn the heat down"
"So did Wisconsin gain or lose jobs?"
"#shoutout #shoutouts please! i follow back!"
"RT #c2css12 any links for non-attendees to check out presentation materials? keep your eyes on the website!"
"Thanks for the #FollowFriday! #DC peeps, please think about , they are my #FF!"
"The wind is blowing, the music is pumping, head to the Cow for a mooracious Sunday afternoon! Giddy UP!"
"Shoutouts to all the beautiful women working towards their goals!!!!"
"Got it !!!! Waiting for the Lakers game ??? Maybe become Clippers fan?"
"I can't justify paying for it and paying for cable at the same time, but I've considered it. Maybe if they had more shows."
"stay tuned for my interview with Boris and Dylan that I conducted today"
"Need hit records? Lets talk"
"yes and with her voice and type of music, her fanbase were teens that related to her and older people that liked her voice."
"You know I can see this, right?"
"just got off the phone with my bank - I can officially withdrawal money in Beijing and they won't think I'm a criminal👍"
"What am I doing up this early on a Sunday? Z"
"...a major contribution...\" --Donald R. Shaffer, author of After the Glory: The Struggles of Black Civil War"
"It's a good episode tonight. I'm in love with Jamie Lee's character."
"RT : shooting set at if you're gonna be there come say hi & you might make it on"
"Das A Bet"
"make two dreams come true but following me nd 13"
"#Broncos need to keep #TimTebow. Can't make same mistake as"
"My nephew is adorable! Love u Declan!"
"SDSU journalism grad. 1st assignment is covering #Egypt protests.. running away from tear gas is not your avg. job, but it inspires me!"
"No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it to anyone else. Charles Dickens"
"You have to want success as bad as you wanna breathe"
"stink said tampa was soft last year"
"Loved your powerful story in"
"I was born in Bangladesh"
"RT : #howtomakeitinamerica act stupid on reality tv"
"“: #Scorpio Career Paths: Surgeon, courtroom lawyer, executive secretary, detective, psychiatrist” wanted to be a lawyer"
"Proudly wearing my Gamma Phi Beta badge designed by today!"
"#weightloss tips 6) eat whole, high fiber foods 7) avoid sugar 8) exercise intensely & regularly 9) cheat once in awhile 10) be patient"
"Beautiful women...stop selling yourselves cheap... dont nobody want that yard sale booty."
"Gary Oldman's Best Actor nom= the dictionary definition of \"overdue.\""
"Don't forget the novel,LEAVING ATLANTA, by , abt growing up during the murders. We're making a movie based on it."
"Congrats! RT Congratulations to the Chamber's April Ambassador of the Month - Justin James from Paychex"
"Its Buffalo Bill"
"well, because I'm a Moose."
"I think there are still many in higher ed who believe that the self-improvement and learning is what higher ed should be about."
"Hopefully they use their app for the celebration pics."
"It's crazy how people say Flacco is elite when he can't complete passes to his wide receivers."
"You are FUNNY man!! Love it... pianists/ music theorists save the earth!"
"I also wonder what it means that our participants are critical to data collection but have so little presence at"
"email sent! Thanks for responding!"
"I dont like arguing I rather walk away."
"On average, how many trees are used during development of a #NewPlay ? #DowninthefaceofGod seems to have taken out a small forest..."
"Hi Rebecca, we () want to start Tweeting about 2.0 awards. What's the hashtag for the event? Thanks!!"
"FOH I DO NOT!"
"these GOP candidates are cracking jokes about the death of another human being."
"XMRadio customer service: WIN. Mavs customer service: WIN. Chase Bank customer service: non-existent. Citi Bank customer service: See Chase."
"For gas station attendants, that is."
"Chillin in the barn"
"how have you been???"
"In the studio working on the song Fixed Me. Can't wait for yall to hear it!"
"I watched that movie when I was 15 and it warped me Then Cruel Intentions came out and I was pissed no one had seen DL first"
"My mom, dad, cousin, and grandpa are playing Wii fitness, my brother is at the gym, my grandmas on the treadmill, Im there sitting.. eating."
"the greed & stupidity of some individuals never fails to amaze me..Austin is a small town..that behavior will follow you like a stench."
"Working on my book's final chapters.... Almost done."
"To spend all night studying for finals or go to a party.... Hm"
"Be safe and enjoy the 4th everyone!"
"On this Veteran's Day take a sacred moment to remember the those who sacrifice their lives every moment to achieve peace and democracy."
"What a total waste of gorgeousness yesterday-have NO inclination to watch his show and I always thought he's darling."
"That's the only way I can imagine it working. 2001 was very realistic. #StarTrek's gravity deck-plates are just fantasy."
"thank you for the awesome party on Saturday! Had a blast! Really looking forward to what you guys have coming up next"
"Glad ur enjoying. Lemme know if we can help RT follow you in NYC/LA so many thanx and following you back in return now! Cheers"
"Perfect evening so far. Singing, cooking, dancing with the lady! Craving some right now to make the night even better!"
"Off to pick up one of Charlotte's most famous world travelers, and one of my favorite people, , from the airport. Glad she's back."
"HUGE WIN!"
"6/7/12 marks the Time to #TEDxAdMo. The Topic: \"Forces of Change\". The Reason: You and Me. RT to spread the word!"
"Who's the girl in your pic? I used to love her! Still do. #CHILDOFTHE 80'S"
"i hear that."
"been sitting on this graphic novel script & art...as well as a short film rough outline & art for a few years; might be time to execute one"
"playing a long overdue show tonight at arnetic in deep ellum. come tell us you love us cause we love you!"
"Some ppl really don't have standards anymore. It's sickening."
"oh, they're awesome! They're fast stories that use abstract art to show emotions. Check em out!"
"Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: having intercourse with someone and horrifyingly realize that inches from you is a butt full of poo."
"i enjoy reading your political opinions haha"
"my girlfriend, , is getting tatted the fuck up today and i'm missing it :/"
"Don't waste your time, or time will waste you."
"Dear Indoor-come faster. Thanks, Me."
"Thanks for the follow. Liking your prez."
"sucks balls."
"Omg can we get this over already!!!"
"LOL aggressive driver"
"RT : The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. Edmund Burke"
"So excited! My training books just came in for my promotion :) ready to make this big step!"
"Thank you for allowing me to be great with you!"
"NO SCHOOL! I hate snow days-but I'm very tired."
"Happy May Day to everyone - I am planning a super-productive day - after I have a crown installed :-("
"I'll be there soon"
"um- what are you talking about? We still have places in America without running water..."
"Hahaa. Check this out: Acc to only 2 SP worked at slower pace than Buchholz over last 3 seasons: Beckett and Dice-K"
"Sat in the country by myself and painted an on site landscape. Sometimes you have to make a bad painting before you make some good ones."
"everybody on their shit in here lol"
"has officially deleted her Twitter page...the fans went crazy on her for bullying Kesha. They ran her off Twitter."
"when are you thinking of doing an original song ?"
"Saddling up the Bus on our way to Olympia with students for higher ed. Get at us if you're in the capitol today!"
"You were great: as ever, a motivational speaker of passion, clarity, & wit. Meta-levels galore {TFO + date}. Happy landings @ home."
"Week 1 fantasy team bust. I had the points on the bench!!"
"Got call from us to get a subscription....um, we have 2 coming to the library now...someone needs to look at their books"
"If Amare Stoudemire had watched #ExtremeRules last night, he would've realized how damaging a fire extinguisher can be"
"Just watched a My Little Pony episode that had an homage to the Star Wars throne room scene. My day is complete."
"Spring Showcase is ONE WEEK AWAY! If you don't have your ticket, they are still available... $5 gets you to the greatest showcase."
"haha me too ... seriously"
"That's just wishful thinking. :P"
"I really doubt that that's your only chance. I think that I say it aptly like once a month."
"HAPPY SPRING! going to NYC soon with jenny; be back to twitter after the trip! : ) bye for now have a beautiful everyday!"
"I love the sun through the window on a chilly day."
"2012 films! #5. Burn After Reading (2008). This film just gets better with each viewing. A brilliant dark comedy by the Coens."
"the filmmaker created a very effective web video by getting the attention of millions. Proves the power of"
"*nods* Also, the way that most of the Japanese people (in Japan) studying modern Japanese society are sociologists--no surprise."
"He put a table leg through my chest with that pic!!!"
"gotta love them stats! data ftw!"
"So long, gay boys"
"strikes again"
"myucf is going way too slow...I don't have patience for this nonsense"
"says \"everyone in the room is smart\""
"Are you referring to the pen that records lectures?"
"Start your weekend right with a glass of Kenwood Cabernet. Notes include: black tea, mint, and olive. Pair it with our steak tips!"
"Normal people are addicted to drugs and alcohol.. i'm addicted to Twitter and Austin."
"It really bothers me when I hear another Christian say that the Bible isnt 100% correct or that man translated it so there are errors"
"Why do I feel like my boyfriends cheating on me or something? I don't really know how or why I think that though?...."
"Future goals include working for #SNL having my own comedy show; and being happy. I am almost there. I can feel it."
"Weird inside jokes :'D"
"where you at foo..."
"Our very own Keith McNutt & Tina Hookom were on KPFK's Samm Brown show last night to chat about The Fund! Check out the archived show..."
"I'm a #gringa . Who's with me ?"
"hm I'm going with if I were a boy since I don't celebrate christmas"
"May you, and Rich and Kate and everybody else have a wonderful Thanksgiving. :D"
"Hey Mark Cuban, it's alright man. You can always just buy some replicas of your championship trophy."
"June 19th I say all of the beliebers go to your house and you throw a party?(: kidding but I can't wait for #BELIEVE <3"
"Its Day Four, Melberth! Only 27 more days to go. You're welcome! XO, Your favorite Booker."
"u make me a snack then well chat xD right on ;) wats up?"
"O!! Where'd you get that pic?!"
"I hate when fat hoes try to act like they don't be hungry when they go out to eat in groups"
"Girl with the Dragon Penis"
"Show TODAY with Improv 4 Kids at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center. Don't miss out on some fun improv comedy for younger audiences!"
"idk how i did it i swore i failed omg whats your test on"
"kellen Moore to lions man"
"Good morning thanks for the follow. What's your favorite #mix1 flavor ?!"
"It looks like we might have to close down our Facebook Group and just keep our Facebook Page instead."
"Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. Failure is delay, not defeat. It is a temporary detour, not a dead end. Failu"
"what could be done? nothing."
"Photo contest! Ur shot of Kentucky Club (on Ave. Juarez) could be the cover for Benjamin Saenz' newest book. send2"
"Lmfao that was a half asleep high af kinda tweet. ;)"
"Also, already hot as balls."
"- idiot its \"moted\" ha"
"for the record I won more games than u I do believe Maci....lol"
"Unfortunately, we are not taught the five principles of healthy relationships instead they are learned by trial and error"
"I think this is a new mod you might like its called the queen spider mod, u can befriended bad guys and fight humans !!"
"love = pain"
"I like to call it a \"Love Fluff\""
"Dear Spotify: Its called targeted marketing. If I'm listening to Monteverdi, I probably don't care about Carrie Underwood."
"I just saw it. Smh"
"Curious who won the PC versus Mac donation debate? Mac! $92.75 to $59. Next up? iOS versus Android!"
"#researchpaper has officially ruined my weekend. Eewwwwwww"
"Best DC movies...\"St. Elmo's Fire\" is up there!"
"“: Getting some food togo from Du's Grill :) If you've never been here than you're missing out!”"
"it's turned into a mid-late '90s party up in here! It's a blast!"
"was there uranium in it?"
"Whatcha reading book worm? RT Wassup wit my chicks"
"some new coffee coming soon -- Sumatra, Ethiopia, and Guatemala."
"do it, so nice out here in NYC"
"If you can't wait to see The Hunger Games in theaters Retweet!!!:D"
"thank you!!!"
"Always aim at complete harmony of thought and word and deed. Always aim at purifying your thoughts and everything will be well. - M.G"
"#custserv RT : When employees become sharers of knowledge rather than sellers of products, customers respond."
"lol. I just realize something u haven't add me on fb yet"
"not me"
"No sponsors this week, but feel free to bring nachos for the group."
"The House Clerk's office noticed that their Floor Activities page was repeatedly screenscraped, so they released the data in XML."
"Thanks for the RT and welcome to our newest followers !"
"The mountain is high? Aren't all of them? For now, having hot tea to cool off in the heat, and some lunch. Boat leaves in another hour."
"The real key to health and happiness and success is self knowledge"
"Yea no problem :) <3"
"I can't believe you got lame and went to bed after Talmud as spoken word!! #wexner25 is still going without you..."
"Ronnie's?"
"yes after the game"
"your weird"
"how u?"
"Lets swap appraisal management company information • Contact me!"
"Its so hot again -_-"
"“: Geraldine Ferraro....remembered as a trailblazer who broke down barriers.” As distinct from a trailblazer who did not???"
"looks like Mr. Potato Head hahahahahah"
"Everyone follow our newest sports writer !"
"\"Open\" causes confusion: it describes both governments and data. Are we talking about \"open (government data)\" or \"(open government) data\"?"
"This fall most definitely! Ginas biscotti and tea tasting event will be happening in september."
"#np 'Stuck on repeat' Little Boots"
"If it's CCDA, I had to mute the convo, and I'm an intern. :-\"
"Everyone in LA is hella mad at the Lakers. It's comedy."
"Thanks for the advice. Ill take a look."
"Here come the #Patriots again at No. 31. Thinking it will be Whitney Mercilus or Courtney Upshaw or Harrison Smith."
"The avatar is in memory of my mother Olla Mae Kyles-White who would be turning 66 today. Happy Birthday Mom. I love you :-)"
"im going to be there every weekend the lineup is just crayyyyyyyy"
"MT : National Teachers Day. Be sure to get your favorite teacher a nice gift, like a salary they can actually fucking live on."
"I'm right here hun 😘"
"GOTTA have love for the fam ^_^"
"I'm glad you came <3"
"what's up?"
"\"Accept disorientation.\" The wonderful + wondrous attitude of Art. So, open Q: To what extent is this attitude the product of comfort?"
"Wall St. scumbags are covert with their dirty deeds. Demonstrators are being way too obvious."
"Mission tonight at 7! Humans at the CWells clock tower, Zombies at the bio lecture hall. Let's finish the day off well!"
"Hi to all my new friends and followers! Check me and performing stereo hearts together! YouTube.com/samuelventuramusic"
"What's filming in front of Dionysus? VEEP?"
"\"Suppose there’s an evil bastard out there who hates the web and all who sail her …\""
"Well, after two 3 hour finals, 7 hours in the library, and 12 hours at JU...I am on Christmas break!!"
"She gargled!"
"I enjoy that Rock actually said, \"if that throw was a little bit lower... \""
"Visit our website during the month of October, and get $50 off any stock plan order in celebration of our 50th Anniversary."
"How can you say Marshall gives you more anxiety than Cordero when you've seen him pitch for a month?"
"Who wants a playoff when you have all this. #BCSFakeChampionship Oregon/Wis was a way better game than this. Bring on the playoffs."
"you know how to warm up!"
"I was the one who had the balls to get out of that unhealthy relationship"
"does that mean I will love you, I love you and I loved you?"
"#feminismLIS -also good 2 hear. something not always happening enough i.e.connecting dots Xgenerations"
"follow me? i LOVE OTH :)"
"#PUREHOUSE RT : Tonight & will keep terrace grooving! twitpic.com/6do59x"
"Warmest wishes for Thanksgiving from our families to yours!"
"Nice!! You're just eating dinner??? Isn't it too late for that???"
"family time, that's what's up"
"Playing a FREE show at Brainwash Cafe tomorrow in SF! 7pm! Come on out and hear some of my new songs!"
"Please play Danny, Dakota & The Wishing Well by A Silent Film"
"ditto! You went MIA!"
"those who have lost loved ones are not comforted by efforts to dehumanize the dead. These deaths are a preventable tragedy."
"lol, I don't remember. I got it for my niece who likes to \"cook\". Not sure my SIL approved of it, though. ha ha!"
"Can't say #Kentucky v. #Indiana isn't entertaining. Also can't say I want either to win."
"RT : It isn't okay that there's a movie \"based on\" Battleship starring Rihanna. That is a thing that is not okay."
"Got an email from fancorps titled: 'ALLSTAR WEEKEND MUST WIN'...oh gosh Haha."
"i wish i meet JB;D"
"is tweeting quite a lot today (;"
"Bad bitches they gon buss it wide open"
"Love can melt the hardest heart, heal the wounds of the broken heart and quiet the fears of the anxious heart. - #JoyceMeyer <3 <3 <3"
"lmao you'll be surprised what one souks say in the heat of an argument"
"I haven't gotten the spirit yet this year!! Maybe I should try the shopping method too..."
"Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Butternut Squash and Tomato. Sugar-free lemonade is Cucumber Mint."
"i freaking love !!!!"
"Seacrest has awesome hair? News to me."
"i don't approve Tebow mania but if my sister might win a t shirt from her favorite show i'll RT"
"Life is a terrible thing to sleep through."
"You don't think that I know that?"
"adding salami to any sandwich makes it better"
"\": That random flashback, which brings back painful memories and breaks your heart all over again. #QFG\" ~ I hate those!!"
"Yankee fans have got to be worrying about Beckett...they've made him look bad in the past few years...this year they haven't gotten a run."
"One more game comin up in a lil less than an hour, trying to be #3-0 on the day!"
"Russel Wilson's gonna be proving everybody wrong"
"I'm going to try & find the cutest perfect dress for me :I mhm."
"I am trying to convince my husband to go ballroom dancing with me. Have fun!"
"Sugar, we're goin' down."
"on the bus im bored"
"It was hot offline before it got online a couple of months ago, there are more than 1 version of this song 1,000+ views lol"
"Dont think just fly"
"working his last shift before break next week. Break = Data Entry + Data Entry + Data Entry + Data Entry......."
"What happened to the slow jams in the club?"
"Blog!! Go check out our latest blog about summer! And tweet at us with some of your awesome, or not awesome plans for this summer :)"
"Tired but I can't sleep."
"Look what you've done."
"Ohh, so tired."
"This world of hate, war and money is just a dream we're all living. Because REAL life is beautiful, its perfect in everyway."
"Ok, a woman was arrested in philly with 29 dead cats in her freezer.....what is the world coming to?"
"Cheer up buddy, lots of games left this season :-)"
"goes both ways towards the artist and they teams! gotta show luv! #RealTalk Big Biz"
"Tryna go pick up my phone tomorrow"
"Aaaahhww, right? I remember when we added each other because we planned to meet up the weekend of Jingle Ball with Val. :)"
"Thanks for all the votes everyone :) Keep em coming until Wednesday and I will be a happy camper!"
"Talk to me"
"I say the cutest things (':"
"#BadArt is art is art is art. That's all that matters."
"I gottah use the bathroom"
"Idk kno where I'm at..I'm outta there"
"Great pressure shooting by Phil Forte to win the American high school 3-point shooting contest in New Orleans on CBS Sports."
"Well it is finally here! 24 wks till #ironmanLouisville started my training schedule this morning. Got a great swim in this morn, run tonite"
"Ferrell is kind ripping off Ted Baxter times 2. \"Hello Mary, Hello Lou!\""
"what about elyasova?"
"Chillin with the boys"
"My baby boy is dancing in his first show in NYC and I am not there."
"\"I never had a bad day in my life\" -R.Gray"
"sleeping is good for you : )"
"Gettin' ready for the weekend in Fort Worth, TX! White Elephant on Friday & Keys Lounge on Saturday. If you're in town come on out!!"
"that video was deep go peep my vids out on youtube type walkerboyz"
"I do like a ships that are a little undermaintained. You can do a lot with drippy faucets, leaky air supplies & engine problems."
"Unfortunately it got worse today.... Stay tuned. Bed came. But........"
"We're pretty sure our full grown dog is still a puppy. Someone lied, cause this dog is nuts"
"I'll be going to the Nat'l Arts Marketing Conf this Nov - it's going to be in Charlotte!"
"Come on Skinny Love what happened here"
"White Chicks is way too easy to be swept in to. I'm 15 minutes late in my shower now."
"never. Humility is a trait that I treasure :-)"
"ha I just saw ur tweet and I'm good u?"
"Been months. Don't plant on it anytime soon. Don't need to."
"i just clicked on a wonky spam link, do i have to like change my password now or some crap?"
"what is a twit ref?"
"You talk shit about me and the act like we're best friends?"
"question of the day: In a jello wrestling match between Black Widow and Catwoman, who'd win?"
"Everyone have their Easter eggs colored for tomorrow??"
"We have a winner! RT Fact: The dude who gave herpes to the chick you caught it from is an Oregon grad."
"Music inspires the world"
"#Hawks working way too hard on offense. Need Joe Johnson back in."
"Congratulations!! I hope we can get it in the US."
"thats good...I'm still with my high school sweet heart... so I'm happy where I'm at"
"Sovereign Research is proud to announce the completion of a prototype for an electronic medical device for autism screening. For more deta…"
"Come on out tonight to the GGC on me! Who wants on the list?"
"Let's start a rumor that MTV is doing a hiphopera version of Death in Venice w Usher as Gustav & Justin Biebz as Tadzio (cc )"
"It's a cold morning! Lots of driving all over town today, hope the roads are in good shape. Have a good day!"
"#astd2012 Seems appropriate to tweet during a session about Social Media"
"I fucks wit it"
"X or die"
"Whats up my nig, Im going big!"
"I agree! Why watch all season love the crap out of them then hate now. Seems like people are too needey. Its playoff hockey!"
"Great post-thanks for sending me the link. I will definitely include it in Teaching Carnival."
"I have been sort of bored today and restless. Could have accomplished a lot more but lacked motivation."
"Tonight on , Tavis talks with Wisconsin's own At 5PM on MPTV 36."
"My universe keeps growing -- welcome and thanks!"
"love y'all"
"Good Q! Robin Wright in the Princess Bride! ;-) I would LOVE to play any role that she's played!"
"will be there and is joining us as well :-))"
"according to Mexican you do"
". Did someone say something about dead people? Campbell? Cosgrove? Are you trying to trick me?"
"#SometimesAllAGirlWants is a silky robe & fresh batteries."
"awesome! thanks!"
"Attention all artist who are trying to get extra exposure contact me: to be considered for our"
"I'm glad I don't where skinny jeans cause it's hot outside"
"Ah, just arrived...now it is time to harass Mark at the Supertraining booth. For those seeking a bigger bench, check out his Slingshot!"
"have a safe trip back! look forward to catching up w/ you. still kinda bummed i missed public media camp... /"
"Don't they elect a socialist like every week?"
"We will probably never understand black holes or why women fall madly in love with douchebags."
"me too!!! Haha"
"Thank you :)"
"hahaha yes. my friend just came to say goodbye & i was looking at my phone & i got the tweet to my phone & started screaming."
"That's what I was initially planning on doing. A lot of votes for TNG then DS9."
"You are selfish and caddy grow up."
"Oh how I love to see Chicago sports in peril. Bye bye"
"Stressin'. Mostly over things that will all work out just fine."
"marketing gone to hell. RT : just saw a claim something was \"The official drink of halloween\" Who authorizes that? Elvira?"
"Welcome to Island Divine: Isla Mujeres! Follow the Twitter discussion with the hash tag:"
"Pretty much my thoughts as well."
"go University of Florida, the college hometown for education and celebration of success"
"Twitter Jail."
"Time for work. Oy."
"RT : RT : RT : The most attractive thing to me is if you can make me laugh."
"Rumor has it You were rolling in the deep with someone else. & yeah we could've had it all. But you pist me of I set the rain on fire."
"now write mine"
"Love it!! RT : Started car, radio on; 3yo says \"Is this 'news that matters?'\" Why, yes it is. Thanks !"
"I'm at the #SaturdayAcademy with and more folks who are learning abt"
"Registration for #litaforum is on the 4th floor. There are also some dinners tonight after the Sponsor Showcase reception. Sign up!"
"Never sunbathe at the dog beach."
"I know. If I could do it over I would write a rapid-fire panty-related monologue."
"DAT is GREAT, but the fake to LMJ made both long plays! Don't discount LMJ influence and the field"
"I enjoy playing wordfeud - missicetee - hey, no crazy people though!"
"Not here for this biblical discussion. Lol"
"My advice to all of you today! \"LOOK TO BIRTH CONTROL QUICK!!\""
"well, not any more"
"let's get this bad boy picked up! Thanks in trusting in me"
"Use your intellect to make decisions"
"discussing regulation of mobile apps. Will FDA regulate apps, EHRs, mobile health space? Seems to be moving there."
"When tweets at me, I get a little bing in my chandler."
"Don Ursillo just asked #JerryRemy who ties his ties, his wife or the guys from"
"S/O 2 Me Im Ego Trippin"
"RT : follow back (Following now...)"
"downstairs if you're in TPA!"
"is a secret :D"
"“: Realizing you're wrong but still arguing because you refuse to admit it..” I'm right again."
"Thanks for asking. A couple close calls but we made through with very minor damage. 12 total tornadoes, crazy day!"
"Eggs hunted. Ham eaten. Family time enjoyed. Overall #Easter was a success!"
"“: Sushi and coffee instead of work... What the heck Kayla. ” yeah what the heck Kayla!?!"
"Thought it might be appropriate to tweet that my Twitter class filled up in less than a day."
"Watching the UK celebration at Rupp live online, this is an amazing group of kids."
"Mortal Kombat and Karate Kid are both ok tv. Yeah I'm watching it lol"
"Girls night with , , and ! Bring on the laughs...."
"Yesterday's first rehearsal , amazing scenic design presentation by the wonderful Tom Buderwitz. This show will rock!"
"This No Lie is so nasty lol"
"Just found out that Twitter is a better way to get a hold of than A PHONE"
"Why, in 2012, is it still legal to have someone work in a windowless room 40 hrs/week."
"Big time! Break a leg lady!"
"Just spent a great day getting to know some of the Timberwolves people. Refreshing to see such passion in place."
"RT :I'd started having dreams where I could fly."
"#Medeco believes in giving its customers the greatest control of their security"
"Cleaning products that overpower grease and germs with chlorine or ammonia do the job, but they can make you feel sick in the process."
"Here in LA for the"
"\"Damn!\" yelled at me twice driving to Starbucks. Lol, da fuq? Must be living someone else's life today."
"My friend was trying to go through a doggie door and she got stuck and her aunts dog came behind her and started biting her butt."
"What to do, what to do."
"Gumer's 40th anniversary= 40% off!! #jewelry always makes a great #gift! Make sure to get good #louisvilledeals at Gumer!"
"Dear May 25, Please come soon. Aaron Black and I need a vacation soon and you can't get here fast enough. Thanks, Rebecca Black"
"Couple hugging and snuggling in the clab... No one wants to see that."
"OH SHIT is something I always say and I need to stop"
"Um yeah, so are you...cannot wait. Glad Larry is here to entertain us in the meantime."
"The fact that I say stupid shit <<<<<"
"Thanks for following and much appreciation for the wonderful services that you provide to so many. Best wishes to all."
"be there in a few:-)"
"FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER"
"Hugs, kisses and many thanks to and for making me look and feel beautiful today! Love you both!"
"If our services are needed please let us know. Regards"
"says \"very poor [have] an ample safety net.\" But each night, almost 700,000 are #homeless. We need more focus on poor, not less."
"Waiting for the T storms to pass so I can fly to Los Angeles..."
"personally I'm old school and my notes are all handwritten- so I definitely have several pages!"
"He wants the whole world watching so it will be close until middle of fourth then the Lakers will get every call in the world"
"Packed our $19.99 rack with all sorts of goodies. Juicy Couture, One Kid, Biscotti, Zutano brand. There's something for everyone!"
"you're in class, you will be tough again"
"Whateva I'm f'n hilarious!\": AWWW GROW UP! lmao\""
"Happy Internet Week! Our #IWNY / event tomorrow is now sold out. Look forward to seeing all our friends who rsvp'd!"
"Does the DNC realize how much steam the GOP would get from a Walker win? Why are they being stingy?"
"Aww yay! It was a great conversation, our table got very lively!!"
"Who will be at the Local #chefchallenge this weekend ? Wishing so bad I could be a taste-tester on this one..."
"Oops mistype. 35+ yrs is too much to tweet!"
"omg! really britny!"
"Yes, and not only bitching, but ALWAYS bitching about eachother and how worthless the other one is. It's like, grow a pair."
"A6: don't ask where have you done this exact thing before? Every project is a snowflake they are al different"
"Beautiful day here! Hope yours is, too."
"If you're westbound on 635 it may be more convenient to simply move to wherever your car is currently stopped."
"JOIN ZE CLUB"
"Shout out"
"Letting go of someone u love is the hardest thing u can ever do but its the only thing u can do to prove u don't need them & that ur strong"
"We're really looking forward to the Seattle 2.0 awards tonight! Hope to see you there!"
"what was I eating?"
"Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys📢"
"“: love it bro was on your website looks great and sounds great! Hope we can hook up soon ” Hell yea!!!"
"I vote for"
"#IThankGod 4 Every Possession That I Have!🙌"
"Hi folks--just an invite to follow the Twitter feed of my new outfit-- Thanks!"
"that's such a good anniversary date! Lol"
"If I have curves, I'm fat. If I wear makeup, I'm fake. If I like to dressed up, I'm a hoochie. If I say what I think, I'm a bitch."
"aww shit baby cousin who I gotta beat up ?"
"Texans need competition at K"
"yeah buddy..."
"Can't wait for my franks to get here!"
"“: Ha ha ha great news it is #Falcons”<~~ I was screaming yes for 5 mins straight lol"
"Hahahaha. Great statement!"
"oh cool"
"And all those fairy tales are full of shit. One more fucking love song I'll be sick 💔"
"Demi Lovato does not have a tumblr. She's barely on twitter anymore. What gives people the idea that she has the time to have a blog?"
"REBECCA BLACK IS VERY FALSE!!!"
"Womack unsung again. I so love him."
"Doesn't that go without saying? #rookiemistake ;-) re: Know the Network before submitting your material. Pitching 101"
"Someone’s opinion of you does not have to become your reality."
"Do they bury people with their braces on?"
"I didn't even say good morning twitter"
"Yikes! We need to fix this!"
"another boring day in paradise..."
"I was saying the word \"civility\" wrong.. I was taking out a syllable. It's sa-vil-ity. I'm a work in progress!"
"God may not answer ur prayers in the way u expect, but He always answers in the best way."
"Im like the worst boyfriend in the world"
"Going home to watch the Packers beat up on da Bears!"
"nice maybe we'll run into you one of these Saturdays! Thanks for sporting the shirt!"
"So long Inge and good luck in Oakland."
"dirty dancing in the moonlight"
"me too *looks around suspiciously*"
"I attended church with my thoroughly gorgeous young best friend Wendy, and we had breakfast at a place called \"The Pink Apple.\" It was nice."
"Did I forget to mention that Mad Men is perfect...."
"Positive thinking 🙏"
"What's the difference between a #gentleman & a little boy?"
"I'll come over! 😜"
"Garden Cafe in #WoodstockNY RT Looking for #vegan-friendly #HudsonValley restaurants for an upcoming #foodcolumn. Any suggestions?"
"Did before but aint nun happen..."
"ya i hardly knew him and i miss him."
"Uh...it's Orsbon, not Osborn"
"Will do :)"
"Hey #Austin! Get your EVOO fix! is opening today at 215 Lavaca. Go check ‘em out, and of course, check in with"
"Alone at the apartment with my thousands of premium HD channels. Yea, I would want to join me too."
"MERRY CHRISTMAS everybody."
"Twitter newbie here"
"I like strangers better than the people I'm friends with on Facebook.(:"
"I think I'm in love with my best friend Sammy!?!? How could this happen I mean Sammy is amazing funny cute wow he is perfect for me! :)"
"Creepy old guy staring at me at the dentist."
"I've never been to a midnight showing...can't decide if I want to do that or a very calm(?) matinee treat on Fri."
"''Hey,I saw this hot ass girl yesterday,she had brown short hair,blue eyes & sang like an angel''*shows pictureDude,thats Justin Bieber..."
"\"You're really good at games and shot gunning beers.\" - It's disgusting how good he is at appeasing me."
"Thanks for mentioning us!"
"Both baseball and softball got the win"
"forget it."
"Thanks for the follow Heather!!"
"When the time comes tonight I don't know if I'll text her back...."
"woooohoooo! We should throw a party!!"
"#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was stupid, now... :-)"
"Lebron James: where's this little man from the Knicks I've been hearing about, show yourself coward...Hadouken!"
"Cross Fertilization: #AltDotNetMKE – full time Senior Developer position for a small Milwaukee company (ASP.NET MVC) for details"
"I'm high and drunk..goodnight..it's 5:18am (:"
"Couldn't sleep so I started watching Late to the party but I absolutely love it. I wish I had a dire wolf.."
"Stop by and check out our Tech center. You can see models, floor plans and so much more with the touch of a finger."
"At ChallengePost, we work with free software but our trash bags are proprietary"
"Screwing in moderation, screwing is such a bore."
"You think it would have changed the vote?"
"I think Dick Clark is going to get Heaven into the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame! wow I can remember watching him on television 30 years ago!"
"math taks tomorrow my test taking strategies be killin' 📝🔫"
"actually, vegan food is what I crave now, the placenta in the egg and blood in the meat kinda grosses me out:/"
"i had the SAME.hair color as you and i just died it a little darker:) youll love it :D doo itt<3"
"Do you overshop because it's the lesser evil?"
"Lol I got called that in college cause of the way I look from the inside of my facemask man. I can see that though."
"had to walk home from school today.... Well at least it's a beautiful hot day. (: stopped by Starbucks to get a caramel frapp. My fav <3"
"I wanna skip school so bad tomorrow but I need to prove Mr. Spite wrong... So I can't. 😠🔫"
"Got me thinking about the \"graze nuts\" portion of Eddie Murphy \"Raw\""
"Just know that I'm always going to be here for you"
"we do at our Aurora campus at 7 PM. The COS campus is brand new, but will very soon!"
"hey there sexc cupcake"
"taking a class in screen printing wednesday!"
"Without Twitter I would not have known today was ten years since Avril Lavigne put out \"Complicated\"...lord help me I hate the world."
"Going for that first kickball win...ISUFS Activate!!!"
"Are you looking for hip hop, hyphy, dirty south, r&B, new school, or vibe type of beats and music production?"
"every day is the day for Elvis Costello"
"Is your brain ready for Geek Team Trivia tonight at Scotland Yard Pub? 8PM! Brian Adams tix for first prize."
"#NP we don't care - Kanye West"
"Love Instapaper, but video/photo support and iPad layout make Pocket look a tad better. Any future plans for similar features?"
"2Chainz so awkward and lanky tho "
"Consistency wins the race!"
"Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity."
"and the rest of the L's is Laundry because of the LOSS you spilled your LIquor yelling at the Ladies to MOVE lol"
"Your face looks fucking ugly, but your boobs look nice, so I forgive you."
"want to"
"possible tlc tonight for the old hurting hubby?"
"yea that's what I see too !!"
"nope it's out of our maternal instincts to protect the feet of half naked drunk 12 year olds"
"Long day at work!! Hanging out with Miss Venice tonight! :)"
"Looking for something to do with your kids in the Pittsburgh area (you know, besides visiting Gemini)? Check out"
"follow me boo"
"Having bad withdrawals from my sister ! Drive to my house already! #realtalk 💔😢"
"Sportsclub makes u walk past delicious food to work out- oops."
"Yo, anyone of you guys love music AND have money?!?!? I'm not talking a few bucks.."
"well then your sad :)"
"Jeffrey will be the wishbone this time. It was nice knowing you, Jeffrey."
"Deal. I'll be waiting. Bahahaah."
"“Digital Hoarding: How Information is Suffocating Your Audience” Matthew Grocki,"
"Jus woke up ugh tired af follow me tho n n ill follow bak>>>"
"It's My Daddy's Birthday! Just Arrived In Spain!(:"
"#iCBallers where we play.develop.succeed. Good morning tweeps!"
"The new Gil Scott-Heron album is very weird, and surprisingly good"
"Can't wait to move..."
"A little stress, a little rest. Got the ride back up and running. Good weekend away."
"hahaha! Yeah, guess so! :)"
"yet another test"
"First meeting master meeting with M3 tomorrow! Sprint 1"
"#IReallyMiss that show fanatic that came on"
"BEST ENDING! You made me VERY VERY happy with tonight's episode. THANK YOU :)"
"So there was a time when I wished that I could get paid to make mix CDs, well I'm sort of doing that now. Pretty cool."
"Good morning!! Rise and shine!! 😘☀"
"You and me. Bestfriends forever<3"
"TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes blocked on I-94 WB at MM 254 before HWY 73 due to a traffic incident, use alternate routes."
"they are still tasty. I should call them dinner, not fail!"
"i keep my tools rust free"
"you okay?"
"& You sir, are very attractive. Therefore, I will stare at you"
"couple days late in responding. It was absolutely brutal. Did you see the Liverpool game yesterday? Unreal."
"Losing weight! YAY~"
"If one more person calls me a \"Libarian\" I'm going to drag them into a bathroom and flush their heads until they pronounce it correctly."
"ya or thiers something on tv haha"
"hit up Juan in a Million for breakfast tacos!! That will cure a hangover"
"Marina Abromovic and Jay-Z to collaborate on new album/art experience"
"i see u bestie ur att my house and taking pictures lol"
"Oh l'amour! 4 CHEAP tickets to #Erasure next Sunday night in #asheville. Flick me a message if interested."
"Hi, Wow, you look pretty good."
"Custom Shirt Prints of the day: 5,000 business cards with printing front and back for $90.00 delivered. Deal ends at 7PM PT."
"Nope, but I've just looked. Responding now"
"Just had my audition for drill team!! Cross your fingers for me! Thank yall! <3"
"Like, Im doing really great on Southern Charms, even though I've never updated! I guess I will this week though"
"lmfaoooooo omg ill bring one to haha thts gotta be the most embarassing food to eat"
"Finally ate today"
"look closely and you'll find those aren't pumpkins... yes, my mind is very twisted... lol"
"cool, great show!!"
"…or it's a clear sign of the decline in the quality of science education in America"
"Get over yourself. you turn in to such a dick."
"me either i think this amber girl is jus trying to get noticed by alex"
"i don't think anybody under the age of 40 should be rocking a coach purse ... it just seems so granny-ish lol"
"hi trevor."
"...but you can call me lil' weez(ing)."
"I can't believe my friend Melissa is jumping out of plane today and for that reason it will totally be blogged about."
"its okay. Rather hear it from a friend. Know its a tough message to deliver, but we appreciate it."
"Trying to find a short story: YA SF written maybe by Yolen, but don't know: woman travels back in time 1000 yrs to plant a folk tale ..."
"Before you rise from bed...ask...how may I serve today? In the stillness listen for the answer :) We are here 4 each other."
"I just had a heart attack reading that.."
"Love u forever! Good Night <3"
"cheer up chica :) :)"
"In Milan. The hotel is in a \"gritty\" part of town near the train station. Not bad, but not touristy. But the hotel is great, so that's good."
"Happy to see get some love on He does fantastic work. He helped us when we did fire safety outreach earlier this yr."
"will hold a Los Angeles program info session tomorrow, Wednesday 9/8 at 11:00 in Annenberg Room 3! come learn more about the L.A. program!"
"I'd pay double to untaste that meal. Thanks"
"that sounds like a great project. The As are fascinating."
"Has joined the iPhone-wielding legions."
"Eagerly awaiting the start of the tour."
"way to put a positive spin on it. You are clearly a great mom"
"About to ease on down the road to Nectar."
"Sending our thoughts to Virginia Tech"
"it's possible ;)"
"My bitch is in the closet"
"Somehow the trend looks like it continues, another sunny weekend is coming to Portland. What dark ritual did someone perform for this?"
"Carroll Shelby was also one of our greatest exponents and connoisseurs of America's unofficial national dish: *chili*!"
"Anyone out there that frequents Bop on State Street that I could interview for a story I'm writing??"
"TY 4 the debate summary! Curious abt ur thoughts on #mobile #accounting tools serving"
"Could someone please give me directions to The Next Level? People are always taking stuff there. It sounds like a happening place."
"“: List of which New Girl director and cast commentaries are worth listening to.”"
"If you are a salty sweater, salty foods will be needed post exercise to replace lost sodium."
"man im so used to wakin up early everyday that on my day off i can't even sleep late"
"And just like in most modern situations,the people who are harmed most tend to be ones who are already at the bottom of societys \"ladder\""
"Formatted my PC this weekend and had to install the new The new blue client is quite possibly one of the worst updates ever."
"another great hang, dinner, and #UCLAfootball victory!! Let's get a few more and a bowl game!"
"Great set at the tipsy crow by"
"RT \": Much love and respect to \""
"Whenever A Boy sees a Girl cry, Thats when the real them comes out."
"One more hour!"
"Not gonna have any free time this summer between Laurie's and the library haha."
"Nice but Packers have sold out single game tix for the next 50 years"
"I watches that YouTube video your in. Not bad, still can't whoop me though..."
"good call.. you know you want to..."
"is feeling hopeful, enthusiastic, and like it's time for waffles. Wake up Scott! Wake up! Waffles!"
"Lakers are looking pretty good, I still like my pick of them coming out of the west."
"I think it was Jesus approved"
"wonderful news I always knew you where a great actor and would do good things once your life got back in order good luck!"
"Tonight.....we are young!!!!"
"just busy with school & getting ready for an event tmrw."
"they obviously aren't familiar with the concept, either."
"It's so nice there :) Headed back to this weekend"
"ha ha. Maybe. \"Caramel flavoured sweets.\""
"What was your #first #car? Did you #love it or #hate it?"
"It's Ova Knick fans!"
"I plan on it!! He owes me some dimples!! Lol"
"Can i get a small \" Hi \" It would make my life :{) i just wanted 2 say that I love you and you're a huge inspiration to me <'3"
"Cam snapping today."
"You cut some hairs off.. :)"
"Then we can just super-judge her parents. I made my son wait until I read them first."
"I'm doing the only thing I know how live my beautiful life"
"RT : Running and yoga is the fitness plan today"
"Because you have been running around in my head all day"
"See you tonight at our connection event at Luci Boutique! Wear RED & your scarves!"
"wat ARE YOU SAYING"
"Shizz. I'm down!"
"I'm so cold!!!! Brrrrr"
"#wcphilly How to write your posts: Make lists! Cater to short online attention spans"
"ASOS DEAL! Start the weekend early and celebrate St Patrick's Day with 20% off when you enter code STPADDYS at checkout."
"lol why thank you :)"
"And I'm calling it a night."
"groundbreaking ceremony for Matthews Memorial Terrace, a affordable housing project in Ward 8. Thanks 2 DC Housing/Community"
"Buffs killing themselves with penalties....unbelievable"
"#Sagittarius is the life of the party! Chatty, spirited & beautiful they possess the old school Hollywood glamor. They r delightful winners"
"Gates is probably guilty of even doing illegal things related to anti-trust laws. I think he's become somewhat reformed, though."
"RT Mix tapes do not impress me. State championships, consistency, desire to max out what you have, now that's impressive."
"This a simple question: If you drop two identical glass cups from the exact same distance. Will they break exactly the same? Probably not!"
"Comming back to Florida ?"
"I reached my following limit what the??? Your following like 1000 people and im only following 992 thats bunghole. .__."
"Plunging into the world of iPad app design. Really wish I could have dipped my toe in first."
"#wordplay-o-d-day: ANTISEPTIC: opposed to the number 7."
"And I am going to remind myself that it is okay to look away, to gain strength to struggle another day. Cuz this is about the long haul."
"down with #fios up with air."
"USA women win it :D"
"Body Pump, Pilates, hunger, exhaustion."
"We have two computer classes today, both in Spanish. The first is from 10am-12pm and the second is from 4pm-6pm."
"<3 so excited for your musical world domination =D"
"When Do You Come Home From #Vacation?"
"High today 70° . . .Guess who lost a friendly wager wouldn't get to 70 today"
"Our plan doesn't work? I'm ashamed of myself for not being the best to trend #AustinTo700K for :I"
"ill rob for my nigga daaaawggg!!!!!"
"Thanks to everyone for ur positive responses after seeing my video, The Moth presents Anthony Griffith"
"congrats. Send link!"
"Aj Ellis with an RBI double. Tony Gwynn scored giving the Dodgers a 5-0 lead over the Rockies. Top of the 3rd"
"Just because I'm loosing. Doesn't mean I'm lost."
"Nerdy asian Starcraft battle. I can't join for lack of super smart ethnicity"
"This song smells like acres of freshly cut grass."
"u know I love it!"
"Today then 3 more days and I'm in California"
"Games canceled at Eastfield for tomorrow, 2/11. Games will be scheduled at a later date"
"middle seat sucks"
"you are a very talented & gifted rapper I wish to be like you someday, you inspire me to continue rapping thank you Busta! :)"
"Cloud Foundry supporting .NET is a game changer"
"Reggaeton on blast / can't tell if it's inside my siesta / or outside"
"Ladies, you are all looking mighty fine today."
"Hi! We're doing pro bono work with Scottish Rite Need social/fashion bloggers to attend and support an event. Interested?"
"We were taking daddy hits last night"
"Pattie is our queen... She raised put idol... All by herself... She's strong. We love u pattie. <3"
"We had a good time though. Gotta love the Sip"
"Good job boys! Im so proud of my Lakers!"
"You are welcome!! I was so excited about your iPhone cover. I love it so much. ;) we love you!!!!"
"2 problems. 1, You have to sacrifice caffeine. 2, You have to get close enough to give one caffeine."
"Attention HEAT fans, tomorrow I will be spinning at AREA 31 for the HEAT Game...watch it live, with my music before and after the game!"
"Nah, I'll just regret it in the morning."
"Bitches, make me Laugh, crawl back under your rock please! :)"
"is over. Thanks for your tweets!"
"Too many freaks, not enough circuses."
"That funny moment when Austin Mahone looks a lot like my boyfriend."
"Tough day. Drinking a Stone Oak Aged Arrogant Bastard..to be followed by a Dogfish Head 75 Minute..AFTER I do my 5 miler to burn frustration"
"Happy bday from a Bucks fan. Rooting for you guys in the playoffs. Fun team you got there."
"West side front train full. Back train has room."
"Good evening Hon.....how are you and what happened??"
"Why the fuck can't i retweet 's shit"
"- Yes, u can now get the new Cosmos jersey on line at www.u90soccer.com!"
"#dancemoms, have you already started filming season 2 for the 2012 competition season?"
"Had a great headshot session with yesterday. She knows a lot about food!"
"Is today your \"grand opening\" for the store? How late are you guys going to be there?"
"That's really good! I wish I could do that! :)"
"yo just caught your new video....loved it....and yes you need a camera man!! lol j/k....if you need help let me know"
"alright, kind of mad that we got hacked. wbu?"
"Note to grads: \"I am positive because of YOU and your generation on campus.\" -FH"
"srsly, how is a three letter name..."
"I am DONE with jury duty!"
"Don't see ODU, but DEFINITELY ECU angle. RT Charlotte will build great football rivalry with ECU, potential for ODU as well"
"maybe he can teach you something"
"Did you find that photo in Thyme Magazine, or did you grow that yourself?"
"i'm glad i'm never one of THOSE customers either. really gets me when I see customers rude, whining, complaining over nothing"
"That Tweet Was Dumb As Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit , I Swear ."
"in fact be condemned, may in fact be a lessor father than the man who thinks of himself as a bad father."
"Reading #obamabusnames and laughing uncontrollably"
"yes. The church scene was everything. I think do too. Karen always bitched about Ivy to Dev."
"u is way beyond sexy"
"I meant bedtime. No bedtime."
"Excited for your performance on Monday! Always a favorite of our patrons."
"Thanks For Sharing!"
"RT : Live a #SelfApproved life - don't mind what other ppl say, think or do! Just keep goin bein' fabulous YOU!"
"OH NO"
"Irony irony irony. So much of irony"
"It also shows the mental of those running such theatres, their mentality and lack of consciousness"
"Good morning. Full slate ahead. What else is new? Just glad to be here. Have a grand grind day!"
"Matt, get ready to be surprised."
"I'm getting so old. I can't remember half the shit I said I was going to remember, and my post-it notes are cryptic."
"Good stuff! \"I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well.\" - Bach"
"Hey Jason! hey no foul man, like I was saying, had read to many before coming to yours, lets just be friends ok?, Thanks Lee"
"You're all amazing!"
"Only my dumb ass would shave my face,lolololol."
"There's no \"d\" in \"Michigan v Ohio State\"."
"Worries me for sure, but reports say Peyton doesn't want to go up against Eli unless it's in the Super Bowl"
"why are you the one i want?"
"Bet ill do that fasho..RT : ya bro let me know where you gon be at soon we can show up again"
"Thanks again for the chat, and friends. Look forward to all the #mhblogday posts on 5/16!"
"ok, here for most of the day,short visit to a customer who we are releasing today,in the afternoon i hope, otherwise - I'm in the office"
"thanks for the rec!"
"there's not a whole lot of new movies just some old ones tho :/"
"Rock'n the reverb nation control room from the ipad2 2! Gonna be sick!"
"Hey! Thanks for the welcome :) Have a great week!"
"Love all the acceptance letter retweets! I remember when I got my letter :)"
"You're stellar, my twitter friend! :)"
". I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy."
"I think my cat may be an alcoholic. Little dude is always zipping around and crashing into things like a drunken midget."
"Microcosm through Macrocosm: flash flood of quantum perpetuity: psychopyrotechnic efflorescence of omnipresent cognizance."
"*3AM text message* \"Hey are you asleep?\" No, I'm hunting zebras. What the fuck do you want?"
"is he really 4 star? Not recruited by those type of schools. Good for the #pokes! Smart WR will come to OU & OSU."
"Robert doesn't either"
"My sis is moving back in a month!"
"LMAO! Cuz you know there's so many shades of green"
"Watchin New Video"
"One of these is going to go in. Seriously."
"someone who was at a club with Niall the other day.."
"rocking out to some of your new mixes from"
"*Gasp* I think I have the same pair in gold!"
"just let us know! We'll make sure you have a great time!"
"I can't wait for next season! Finally it seems real! Mexico!!!!"
"give the king slayer a hand!!"
"#UpAllNightHP i really wanna host"
"better late than never"
"Specials for Mommies!!!! Hair & Manicures!! Call for Details!!!"
"Im not gonna fight for you sorry."
"its my dream! :("
"Hoping to play at Wakarusa Music and Camping Festival 2012! Post on their wall to request Sabastian Roberts."
"pass the thanks 2 the other prejudicial supers. Know u made me :-) a real hero."
"the angle of the dangle is equally proportional to the heat of the meat provided that the urge to surge remains constant!"
"gimme a break. Skate never left the ice AND Zubrus dove."
"You might feel worthless to one person, but you are priceless to another."
"u still on the subliminal shit huh"
"If heaven and hell decide, that they are both satisfied, I'll follow you into the dark/:"
"Bout to get this gym flow going."
"What a day! Morning meeting, 3 afternoon events throughout Atlanta, and judged a fashion show this evening. Looking forward to tomorrow!"
"#nf follow back???"
"jabberin jibbin fibbin and ad-libbin. I love it when I make her laugh so hard she just can't stop"
"YES!!! I could use a few massages at CSA! Less than 4 weeks and I'll get one!"
"just came from skateboarding"
"Eaters will also enjoy Easter clearance sales to find yesterday's Cadbury Eggs at a deep discount!"
"Ahh! Just had a great stroll with my son in downtown Orlando. Perfect weather!"
"That awkward moment when you're sleeping, and then you wake up..."
"My fave? is I think SCREAM. Well-paced, uncommonly erudite, and genuinely structurally clever."
"The sub bus driver just about hit my dads truck that was parked OUTSIDE MY HOUSE GARAGE. I about hit him."
"I'm one of the few who did not care enough to watch the royal wedding."
"The article is good. I think it is important to remind groups that parking lot washes are not good for the environment."
"#DrewCarney just did some high kicks w/ some Rockettes. it was a site to see"
"planning and thinkin on st pats day"
"please follow back!"
"you are so cute"
"70 degrees my concave Irish ass; it is frigid out here."
"Spent the entire weekend w/ on 's Scavenger Hunt. F'ing tired. Decent score, I think. We shall see. Sleep now..."
"have a great year can you follow our card store"
"I have been drummer number two next to the great since highschool. This man can fucking PLAY"
"RT : #FF Thanks again for a great"
"Sitting here at the squad"
"Thanks! Will do!"
"You can't move forward staying in neutral. Get moving. Keep smiling."
"lowkey finna go to twitter jail..."
"I find it quite weird when trying 2 get #Boingo wifi @ airport that #Macys isn't an option. R we not loyal customers?"
"Sports Philanthropy panel at #SLA2012 #SLA12. Great to have discussion format"
"Bryan Carter's presentation on Digital Africana studies 3.0. New directions for scholars."
"After I finish this"
"\"I tore these out of your symbol and they became paper.\" River has all the best lines."
"I want him to be principal for a day too - and I'm the school librarian."
"Out with friends and family can't get better than this"
"I'm busy now more than ever with work and school so I will be having one of my besties, , helping me. If she'll have me ;)"
"We'll be blacking out tomorrow from 8am-8pm in support of the #SOPAstrike!"
"The Old Vine Zin is always a crowd pleaser! Come sample it at our table at the & Indy Wine Fest."
"you're Danzig to me. 💀💀"
"finna log off , finishe eating my food downstairs & go to sleep . goodnight <3 (:."
"Look, liberals. Mitt Romney creates a job just like George Zimmerman protects a neighborhood. Deal with it."
"For The Anniversary of My Death. One of the most haunting poems ever…"
"Wow. RT : Let me get this straight. The #Sounders are 7-1-1, have won 5 in a row and have allowed 3 goals on the year?"
"Just got asked to put my hood down in the mall. Didn't know that was a rule. Guess I'm not cold sir"
"stayed up till 1:30 painting a chicken and liked it. getting back in the swing of art making, perhaps?"
"Well at least the #Yankees showed up today. Great outing for Kuroda"
"Today 1874: Harry Houdini born in Budapest, but later claims to have been born in Appleton, Wisconsin on April 4, 1874."
"thank u!"
"Love Love Love Listening to SuperBass!!!!! RT if u know the rap....."
"There's always love to show Muahz sista"
"Heads up to everyone the works downtown.. Huuge building fire on Pennsylvania & 9th."
"Disappointed that I'll be missing 3 tonight due to The Cold That Won't Let Go. :( Y'all have fun!"
"Sometimes recordings document live improv performance. Sometimes perf is cut, rearranged - composed for the medium."
"Tiger Woods is to a monogamous marriage"
"Does every good date start with a nap? If so than so far I'm doing great."
"S/O's anyone?"
"Justin Bieber is walking with Mayweather to the ring... I have officially seen it all."
"I thought that too, but I'm pretty sure the warehouse is somewhere else."
"Been laying awake in bed since midnight, hoping the rain will help me sleep so tired :("
"How was your day?"
"I cannot recall ever getting to a Brewer game early enough to see the opening pitch."
"Headed to LA Fitness to hoop, the usual ... F'wit it!"
"Great applications for #THATcamp Columbus keep rolling in! Expect the first acceptance announcements in the next few weeks."
"Done! She was an easy vote! So cute! Bring her in so we can say hi!"
"oh no probb just get something siccer related! (:"
"follow back nigga"
"I wonder if my facebook friends get sick of my constant All Time Low posts? :D"
"crazy that's dangerous it #nmfire season"
"Just so's we're all clear, Eric Church trying so hard to be a badass that he shoots himself in the foot isn't actually a news story."
"Am interested in any reporductive health stories linked to Text to change"
"and I are willing to give are left arm for these tickets! Deal?"
"Happy Birthday!! :)"
"Just heard wonderful talks from and Uri Treisman at the Chicago Math & Science Symposium"
"“: Suck my butt” lick my nuts"
"hey what about us folks in Fort Worth?"
"woo!! I'm going to London this fall to visit , so now I'll have a gorgeous map to help me navigate!"
"Game 6 of Rangers-Capitals is 7:30 p.m. ET on Wednesday."
"Going tomorrow so it doesn't run into Mother's Day weekend! Was mindful of that. Lemme know what u think after u see it."
"Gunna have a fight Saturday! I've gotta. Last game off to season! So if anyone makes the mistake of make a stupid tackle or tryna be funny.."
"It cost us nothing to Dream, and Everything not to. Much Respect"
"Meeting some new people :)"
"Just realized I hadn't answered you yet. Forgive me, please. April, Vol. 8 is in the process of publication."
"Is an easy follow back! Recommend! #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Follow!"
"ahaha im sure!! i would be too!!! xD n_n"
"Pancakes are just a vehicle for delicious sweets at breakfast."
"This girls voice reminds me of somebody I don't like (-_-)"
"at church & work at the same time. :)"
"Soon. Let's do a story for my site!"
"Taco Buenos fish tacos are better than fuzzys"
"sub tweeter"
"#Goodnight. #God bless each and every one of you with the conviction to share the #gospel with every nation. Put the #word into action!"
"Nice Word"
"I broke into my ex's house and deleted her Microsoft XP Service Pack 3 from her Add/Remove Programs... take that!"
"Good to have the Sonic drive through guys back."
"keep stress at bay to improve your health. I don't worry about anything unless it will affect me ten years from now.Think about it."
"Ugh what is that smell? Oh ya my dad's cooking again."
"I hate you, but I miss you..."
"FUCKen aye man!!!!!"
"Hines Ward beat up Kirstie Alley for dancing? That's horrible!"
"Follow Me back??"
"I want Some Freaking Sea Food"
"A glass or two of white #wine after a stupid day can make it alright when it's accompanied by a man who listens & made me a wonderful dinner"
"Mimosas for breakfast... Sure why not! ...who cares! It's Friday ❤❤"
"Go! You'll always have what ifs if not & will always have this beautiful city to come back to! Congrats!!"
"I have the worst headache 😒"
"is SJP dressed as the statue of liberty?"
"#Congress: “Without #afterschool programs what would poor kids do? Perhaps fall through the cracks?” –Jerry"
"#there are ppl tht have everythin in their life&;but there are ppl that dont even get a hand to help them}*"
"Version 3.1 in review to Apple. Minutes away from approval."
"It reflects poorly on me that you're my friend"
"if u were a burger at McDonalds you'd be a McGorgeous"
"I'm sayinnnn “: #Pisces compliments you. They are the missing part which makes you whole..”"
"love you too. Where are you?"
"look at my last tweet"
"Dont be the next t-shirt im tryna tell u"
"I am in search of a REAL woman"
"the last time I had a pot of chives going in the windowsill was pretty great. Used them all the time, but not since..."
"Apparently so. Science/Engineering center going there. Our offices being moved to small house in a parking lot."
"It's snowing!?"
"I want it, I want it bad."
"That was just weird. All of it. Of course, it all breaks down into Monty Python references at the end, so it makes sense..."
"Ryan said he would join as long as we get pizza"
"thanks man."
"Did all my tweeps see that the BCS National championship is in South Florida next yr... Can u say economy Boost and Partying of course see y"
"God is Good .."
"It's amazing how one person can come into your life, totally by chance and make such a positive difference."
"Nothing like starting your birthday with a nightmare about being attacked by a moose."
"Hey there friends. Long time no see."
"love it!"
"Watching KU basketball loving the new kicks, but make me want to rock yellow ones like the Jayhawk!"
"OMFG I haven't been on twitter in a few days and now I see this video that Justin has posted ajsjdjfjvmvnhgjtirjmfnbncmjdmjfjgnjdkdkd"
"Sure I bet :-D lol"
"Finally have an Avid gig. It's a night AE job, but it'll give me a chance to brush up on media composer."
"Right...hope his final take was better. PS....love your show!"
"Yes, it does sound like Senator Geoff Michel is from Edina. He just needs reverb and spotlights"
"Give a #lobbage. Throw out your garbage."
"It's on USA, I will look soon. Promise! :D Still need to catch up on PLL first! How's work going?"
"How does NewYear's Day turn out to be rougher than the night before?"
"LOL That was hilarious!! I wonder if Patrick & Neil could do that?! ;-))"
"Music between acts at outdoor concert keeps getting interrupted by a *ping* because the iPhone they're playing from keeps receiving texts."
"Awesome! See you there! RT : Just bought our tickets for the Holiday Gala on Dec 8! (cc: ) Can't wait!"
"If I ever need a lawyer, can I call you?"
"come visit me in Iowa and I will make you some food :)"
"If i cn smell it den baby ion put it in my mouth"
"While there's life, there's hope. - Marcus Tullius Cicero"
"nice work!"
"name the price they in good condition"
"About an hour and a half til gets outta work. Come one 630."
"I think I broke my truck."
"Watchin dusk fly,"
"Sun Aura Resort is eating up Act Naturally like their mamma made it! What a fun crowd"
"You figured out what you gon do for your bday? im so anxious lol"
"I get chills everytime I click continue on Uncharted Drake's Fortune because of the music AMAZING"
"Ok... Are ribbons really that bad?"
"life is beautiful when life is music..."
"H8te fake bitches!"
"river island etc? and its easy! <3"
"Hello! Yes I am!"
"we will get him a pic tomorrow for sure!"
"That great! There are so many opportunities for scholarships out there. Does he have a profile on beRecruited.com?"
"Me too!"
"Oh I thought that was Joan Rivers and Janice Dickinson-- makes sense.now rt\": Why were Hall & Oates on here again? #TheVoice\""
"seriously?? Hm...wonder if my mytouch 3g slide is compatible."
"So, not to be random, but I really want to do Gymnastics and Dance."
"Confused by the barrage of career choices after 10, 12 and graduation? #CORE is addressing just that on in"
"TOMORROW: Drink on us , 10p! Sam Adams anyone?"
"We're back!"
"alright no 1 wanted to chat so imma go"
"Congrats to Men's and Women's Lax with solid wins today."
"“: Wish I was chillin at Overton Park today . #Memphis”"
"I seriously can't keep fucking do this. It needs to stop. Its the worst timing too..."
"Gangster ass room with $450 to our disposal over two days. Gonna order so much room service tonight. Already on weight with"
"The L.A. rain never came and I was able to have a great day at the Lawn Bowling ct. Trying to think of a subject for tomorrows blog."
"\": If you can go back in time, who would you fuck? Me, I would fuck Marilyn Monroe 😏\"<<<probably the mom from Happy Days"
"Wow, Chipotle, awesome Willie Nelson ad."
"I LOVE charm city."
"My dog brings out a very weird side of me."
"I blame"
"I would love to see the real Mizz Hogan!"
"The penalty for throwing around the word \"pandemic\" unnecessarily should be immediate exposure to the swine flu..."
"Maria Brincker \"The Illusion of Domestic Bliss and the Dynamics of Relational Minds,\" 3/29, 12-2pm CUNY Grad. Center Rm 6112. Free lunch!"
"Rise and shine. It's time to package 37,500 meals with 600 volunteers at multiple places...together we are Feeding #Children Everywhere"
"I prefer to buy my products knowing no one died in the process of making it. Of course I'd pay more for an iPhone/iPad!"
"Ok #dallascowyboys it's in your hands now. Take the NFC east by storm!"
"looking good!"
"I'm continually disappointed with the one we use. Open to trying anything."
"Hope today you all have a great dayy!!(:"
"No ... out of diet lemonade! Day ruined. Or at least less refreshed."
"Best Thing I Ever Ate: last night's churro tot. gracias amazing."
"I want cake, .___."
"Sometimes all the alcohol in the world won't cure the horny."
"Oh #AmericanIdol. Sometimes the truth hurts and some of those people need to know the truth. Will it grow on you?"
"get on it!"
"Crean wants to keep home/home because of huge advantage for #IUBB in Assembly Hall. Calipari would love to show off #UK for Indy recruits"
"We have been live for only 5 days and already have 153 followers!! Can't wait to see you all on April 5th for"
"I'm really getting tired of shuffling everyday make it stop!!!!!!"
"thanks man. Let's just hope now that they make the practice squad."
"It is freezing in #JAWB 500. Free-zing."
"“: But you still have great cheese and beer. #yougotthatgoingforyou ;)” Illinois boy speaks the truth."
"For the first time in a very long time, I have no idea what to do."
"#NP I May Never Find - Chris Brown"
"lmao, you & i both know you still wouldn't have gone."
"If you have a problem with me please write it nicely on a piece of paper, fold it up, put it in an envelope, and shove it up your ass."
":O YOUR MATT IS *STILL* BETTER THAN ME MATT?!?! :("
"watch Downton Abbey"
"Women should not be underestimated"
"THE COUNCIL tonight! Bring the person you want to marry. It's cool now."
"yeah but the cycling sux!! And depending on where you live (Miami) the drivers suck as well as there are no bike lanes."
"and by the way I think it's absolutely adorable how you tweet about hannah. Adorable."
"I really, really enjoy using Grooveshark. I prefer it over Pandora at work, actually. Lets me make my own playlists so I don't go nuts."
"Did Tracesusa mess up a couple of times? Even the pros aren't always perfect."
"thxs! I'm always on the lookout for interesting things to use in class, and coffee is a good topic for discussion lol"
"This all sounds fair to me. Really though, no pressure. There's always next year, right?"
"'s tweets crack me up!"
"#20ThingsAboutMe I dont like my dad . He threw away his life . c;"
"That's gotta hit all the food groups, right? :)"
"its an issue of an unhappy head childrens librarian and her incompetent rageful assistant."
"Printing lots & lots o' flipbooks for a Save the Date order. Can't wait to put them together!"
"I REALLY want to go to the \"Out of the Attic and Into the Stacks\" : Feminism and LIS : the Unconference"
"Business plan for 2012? Everything is free for a month! We take all the risk and show you results. 803-753-8833 or email"
"oh lol damn how did you get 1.5k?"
"Google \"\"Where is Chuck Norris\"\" and click \"\"I'm feeling lucky\"\"...You're welcome."
"Swisher is usually a pretty solid defensive player. Not sure what happened there."
"RT It was A great Effort but not Enough for #Cotto 116-112"
"I should of taken summer classes like everyone else :( but I plan on enjoying my summer :)"
"Im 22 years old and still laugh when parents discipline their kids... Like watching your friend get yelled at by their parents."
"Not riding in anything is driving!"
"yeah JONAS WORLD TOUR WOO! that tour did wonders for them, we're really glad so many people were exposed to them then!"
"I am loving life! So blessed"
"Apparently, the average tweet expends 1.5 calories. Work it...work it...fell the burn..."
"Hazza's pretty hilarious drunk too, though. Larry drunk is the best."
"What is Seakitten?"
"Anyone see new show? Any good? Any different?"
"HaHa. I know you love it MTM."
"Checking up on Twitter after a long time away...I should come on here more often!"
"how about the NFL's 'biggest bust?'"
"Zippered totes available here at your library! For $10, you can support the library & have a handy bag for carrying all your books."
"Should be interesting to see if they brought the college game into the pros."
"\"In Time\" was terrible, Timberlake proves once and for all he just can't act."
"o yea? Glad to hear that. You're getting great grades I take it. Is this your first year?"
"I wana come...can I come...lol"
"Thanks for the follow Nicole! And the blog is coming along quite nicely!"
"Business chimes in supporting expansion."
"talking about Experience = Interaction which leads to adaptation Visit us at #Phorum12 today at #World Cafe Live!"
"How are you guys doing today?"
"Nothing external can ever harm the true essence of you."
"standing for four hours straight.."
"So true! RT : RT : “You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take... be fearless\""
"I think that's why the British school system is so much better than ours."
"Yes, I remember things got particularly nasty."
"quite good I might say...how's school dude?"
"The defense is horrible. Lack of a scoring big man is hurting this team"
"Happy new year to everyone! We are looking forward to all our exciting projects 2012"
"Movements happen one-at-a-time between people, you can't rely on a \"giant list\" and expect people to act"
"we once had to drop something off for your father!"
"Some people are at the top of the ladder, some are in the middle, still more are at the bottom, and a whole lot more don't even know the ..."
"you are correct, that is the unrivaled Wicked Hop Bloody Mary...deliciousness!"
"Barnett has been on the show at least three times. I heard they are talking to Marquardt too but hes being difficult."
"Pack a lunch! I don't go down easy ;-)"
"Just saw sister at olive garden!"
"Calling all X cocaine and heroin addicts. Help us keep the next family safe with tools to detect. Donations help our program grow"
"So they blowing up the city of Chicago wen NATO get here huh"
"TONIGHT!!! Green Lantern w/ Thee Japanese Schoolgirls and Deadbeats and Barkers. Let's get on with it."
"I've got a little crush on"
"sounds like white people problems dude."
"BLAZERS!!!!!!!!!!! I love u. Thank u for saving what was left of the almost worst day of my life!!!"
"#Tip: Synthetic or human hair? First time you’re buying extensions? Human hair lasts longer&looks better. Virgin human hair can be reused."
"follow me"
"Mrs CF off on an adventure with her Mom & Sis. Rusty holding down the Fort. Have a great weekend, everyone!"
"GHAPFM wants to help you with your Dreams!! Scholarship available now in Two Countries! Submission deadlines March 11 for Canada and..."
"Launch of The Other next Wed. 21 and up. Red carpet attire. Food/drinks provided. Fashion.art.music.dance RSVP:"
"LMAO! Love it! I need to hear that song again."
"I want to die :( i hate my life."
"\"Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.\" - Dale Carnegie"
"Check out the Ch10 Great TV Auction's Daily Board for one of our Veh Wrap pkg's. Bid up until 9:30 tonight!"
"Lose weight by \"breaking the fast\" eat breakfast folks! Don't have time? Get at me I'll get it for you ;)"
"The great Chip Kidd: The book designer is responsible to the reader and the publisher, but mostly to the author!"
"you ratchet!"
"It seems like Disney really shies away from full-frontal male nudity for some reason..."
"Who is excited for the possibility of a healthy Sid for all of next season? I know I am!!!"
"Herman Hesse Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat."
"never ages! Awesome Performance!"
"You still in Australia? I always have found that I react to news from home with more passion when I'm away. Love/hate."
"Matt Kemp. Current MLB leader in consecutive games played!"
"Final line for Pettitte: 6 1/3 IP, 7H, 4ER, 3BB, 2K. Standing ovation for the veteran even though they trail. Says something about him."
"tennis lesson time"
"lol so what's up :)"
"what happened to all the heat fans??"
",Good Morning dear friend"
"Heyy u yea u fuck u"
"wouldn't cover up the spot in the back tho"
"Conference meet tonight. Lets go"
"A lisp is an unintended production defect. Could be genetic. it's not a lisp if it's part of the sound system, as in Castillian"
"maybe. Might be going for school. I'll know more in a few weeks. I'll keep you updated."
"That sounds like a lot of fun! Always wanted to try!"
"our relationship goes from >>>>>> too <<<<<<<< in a matter of seconds."
"I really appreciate the continued support!"
"Who's hanging with the cool kids at the card wrapping party TONIGHT at Dava Beads?"
"Have to check ensemble members' contracts, but don't think it specifies their fees has 2 b in $."
"um, that would probably be the most legit thing ever. doooooit, i dare you! :D"
"okay whatever."
"nose???? I thought she had a crusty booger on her. Face!!!"
"Im just saying maybe it runs in the fam"
"r u following back?"
"My thoughts for today...wat does any of this thts shes sayin has to do with mythology ???? Gesh"
"Calling all corn hole players! Enter our tournament and win awesome prizes! TOMORROW- 6 Degrees happy hour (5:30) at Field House Canton!"
"People think life has to be this way, but w/ God, your life doesn't have to be. Dynamite message from"
"Looks like Pittsburgh has paid off their SB official tab at halftime.... Facemask my ass!"
"Haha well! I was making my bed at my dads!! And we all know I am very clumsy(: and I defied to be lazy and make my bed with me laying on it"
"Ah. Fml. XP"
"At gov McD inaug: had an impressive ceremony with native Indian tribes of Va in costume and drum beats."
"#dimmakstudios90028_6pm I JUST WANT YOU TO COME TO FLORIDA!!!"
"Stop in LUCI all week and pick up our FREE NEW REWARDS CARD. Great for discounts and freebies everytime you shop! XOXO!"
"I'm still here babes... Let me know if you need me..."
"goodnight ashley lol"
"Truth. I should try to find it at the depths of a box in storage and sport it again :)"
"#ThingsThatINeed.... For to shout out and RT."
"awesome! Just got back from canoeing for 5 hrs!!! So much fun!"
"#Top100Lies I'm on my way right now"
"okay u know what food you want and budget?"
"And it's not out anymore 😭"
"You guys slow dancing?"
"nun much listening to music what about you"
"Happy birthday Nicole!"
"In fort Wayne for the day."
"Thanks for following us! Stay tuned for news and special offers just for our Twitter followers."
":-) Ayee this book getting kindaa good!"
"Yeah, you don't care about me.. You never talk to me. Sadly, you're all I think about."
"Just saw the new #Chrysler 300 commercial that takes it out to the streets of metro Detroit. They know how to capture it and they do it well"
"I wish a motherfucker would !"
"Omg all the nurses are in loovee with me 😄😍😘😚😏😷"
"Great local deals in #Denver!"
"AZ Gov race tightens with Dean Martin out. Can there be sufficient concensus now in Brewer vs Goddard? Is Mills a factor at all?"
"Great classes today!"
"Just Be."
"Yes! I want cupcakes. I'm down for whenever too. Haha."
"Nice work. I might have to stare at the pics for a few more minutes, just to be sure, though."
"My feet hurt so bad"
"Leaving town to go down and see my grandparents. & racking up on some driving hours!"
"Mostly I like stats week for the exercise. Lots of stairs."
"Once I got the vet taken care of, spent part of today discussing the little ones."
"in the pit in heaven!"
"That hip thrust tho. shit it was so coordinated."
"what's your other imagines account? :)x"
"Nobody expects the Spanish influenza!"
"Its go time tonight! Time to win this series and drop that magic number by 2."
"Best week off ever. Great friends"
"Shocking #FlopCity RT: 6 different Pacers have 2 fouls with 4 min. left in half. Free throw line keeping Heat in game."
"MT : . is looking for your political slogan pins and buttons for a story! If you still have yours contact me!"
"kase got a twitter?"
"Happy Hour starts now aka the weekend starts now Milwaukee!"
"too funny!"
"Damn nothing to eat. Looks like oatmeal again."
"I hope this beautiful cake is as yummy as it is pretty! Happy 50th Rosie!!!! Best Wishes!"
"just a question i didn't say it"
"Apparently Mr McGowan and Arnold are friends... for some reason that doesn't surprise me at all"
"I would like a tool that lets me see who my \"real\" Twitter followers are (i.e. not spambots). Any suggestions?"
"You, my friend, are a machine. You're doing God's work. RT : And now my 2013 Mock Draft has been started."
"The Vatican's Swiss Guard still wears a uniform designed by Michelangelo in the early 16th century."
"Staccato phrases with two octave leaps and legato drones within one octave. Improvised duet. Players switch roles at will."
"MT Catherine Booth b. 1829, co-founder of Salvation Army; believed strongly in a woman's right to preach."
"Going back to my old ways with these"
"5 years ago today my father went to be with the Lord I'm so thankful for the 20 years I had with him He instilled so much in me. Love u dad"
"But what are \"human values\" in the novel, in the world? Lots of human cruelty & destruction out there among us all"
"dual monitor set up, headphones, and diet coke with a straw makes for a happy communications associate."
"Preach! lol RT\": Censored versions of songs <<< it ruins my musical experience\""
"Thanks for the blogging and social media scoop at today's #NENR #FF and"
"you should come to #HootFest2012 this summer :)"
"Who outchea in these streets? Lol"
"Nice & 💨 outside today! But hey at least the ☀ is shining!😊"
"ha.... They still don't. Those are all transplant hawks/wings/bruins/rangers fans"
"harry is NOT a submissive bottom!!!!!!!!! [screams]"
"Taking it chill tonight with and"
"I wish! I'm in California :/"
"anyone like Marc Davis' work?"
"Now you're just somebody that I used to knoowwww"
"You type like a two fingered redneck. Very fitting that you hate education. RT REISGN: calls for holder's resignation growing"
"NOPE YO MAMA CAME OVER @ IT AGAIN SUCKIN MY DICK 4 A S/O... RT : Did you get peanut butter on your caps lock key again?"
"somehow, that doesn't sound as cool as ON A BOAT."
"LOL. [Waving back!] Yep, I'm going tomorrow. See you there. We'll set up lunch :)"
"thx for sharing. gorgeous works of architecture!"
"The tin box is rockin it in echo park tonight by sunset and lemoyne. Come on by and watch us wrestle a bear."
"Another country heard from... You're to cool to text now?"
"she tries to put the I'm a female spin on why people hate her. If anybody acted like that, female or male they would be hated"
"ill try for next weekend"
"ANYONE WHO GIVES ME ANY KIND OF SHOUT OUTS ... ILL GIVE Y'ALL A SHOUT OUT RIGHT BACK!:) so, have those shoutouts coming!!! :D #thanksguys!"
"Turn it all the way up YO!! Wish I was there!"
"the white guy is a professional wrestler (Rowdy Roddy Piper)"
"It's snowing!"
"if he keeps it up. yes. hes amazing"
"ah cool thanks"
"love it!"
"Chick with Lauren Hill blaring out your nose: Turn it down or get a decent pair of headphones."
"if u can share, how big is place, will you have community of peeps in position to comment? otherwise virtual?"
"Happy easter erryone!!!"
"i need my car back."
"Just met at Seminole Futures! Good luck today!"
"oh, cool, and international shoutout! Many thanks, aye... ;)"
"Jumped 17'3.75\" in Akron. But that gets me nowhere"
"Ive been to ecuador..It's a nice place"
"drinking, you?"
"LOL. you know me too well! ;P"
"Everyone have a safe & happy 4th of July!!"
"Hate when my dad smokes in the car. Especially while I'm here 🚬😲"
"I dont know what's your plans for today I was wondering if we can sit down and talk"
"New nickname: Al Chuckets"
"wow! I'm going to have to look into that! Ours was $400!"
"It's hump day!! 1 more day for me this week and then off for 3."
"I believe that is correct!!"
"what email do we send the stuff to?"
"LA traffic is a bitch. Cmon already. Drive!"
"I'm so sorry. :/ sending you love and hugs."
"oh my i need a haircut :("
"Can a Christian who knows the Bible better than myself remind me why we're against Gay people being *married*?"
"I wonder if the forefathers celebrated America's birth with some sort of eating contest. Probably wood chips or ball bearings or something."
"Do you remember your favorite concert?"
"Good morning! Taking a break from Zazzle artwork - spinning wool from our sheep for change of pace - soft blue heather yarn for now. :-)"
"Dear 5:00, Please hurry up and get here already!!!!!!! k:) thanks!"
"#3WordsForYou It's My Life"
"when your window of opportunity is only 5 minutes long and its also your first impression then making a mistake is deadly."
"I hope so! Fire and Hemlock isn't the easiest read but so rewarding."
"attorney personal injury law attorney"
"Lets go FLYERS! RT: On way back to the east coast for the holidays! Always great times!"
"So the wind pushed me into my car AND shut the door 😂"
"I'm just looking for a burrito, bro."
"If a man be gracious & courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world. ~ Bacon"
"I'm so old now, I take pills for medicinal reasons."
"... a reminder that Design Conversation #39: Logistics is happening tonight at the Windup Space, 6:30pm."
"i'm walking with a limp... my leg hurt 😪"
"what upp doe"
"Just want to thank everyone who reads my fanfic! For those of you who dont, it's about the boys in NEBRASKA! I'm 14 away from 500 :) Caitlin"
"I'm so happy right now because followed me (:"
"it's truly delish! in my movie version, felicity-evil olivia munn; chloe-sienna miller; stacy-mila kunis; hannah-becki newton!"
"people are going insane"
"I thought the smell outeast was bad but its a smell thats on the north thats so sour smh lol"
"When I'm at work sometimes I like to pretend I'm an old-timey switchboard operator and talk in that voice, ya know that voice?"
"i haven't read that one. guess i won't!"
"I'm working with someone at a banking center, but it looks grim. I don't understand how I can lose all the money in my account!"
"Walker is a rockstar now!!"
"Sunburn can just go away."
"-- For keeper ... I'd probably want J-Charles."
"This will help you get a leg up on your best leads"
"I hate happy people. Fuck happy people."
"i've got my fingers crossed! toes too:) i never thought she was like this in real life:("
"Track meet tomorrow 🏃👟"
"in the words of the robbie mulloy, know your role, and shut your mouth!"
"thanks for the RT!"
"BRYAN ANGER, A PUNTER GETS TAKEN IN THE TOP 100 PICKS"
"miss u too, must see u and the fam next time I'm in Duval."
"Still SO SUPER DUPER GEEKED about your news! Hope you slept a wee wink last night :)"
"it is black and has Einstein and relativity theory on it"
"Do you think Seahawks are in the running for Flynn at all?"
"RT : God continues to bless me day in day out. Forever grateful"
"\"tony and cleo\" comes to a close this afternoon."
"Tip #177: Master the #fundamentals and you can easily make $100,000 per year in #poker. Learn when to #raise, #fold, #float, and"
"Peace, love and happy memories!"
"Yes wit her clown face RT : Gia the only thing bad about you is that loud ass foundation you have on!!!"
"... Robin Morgan wondered \"if genuine feminism can be said to decline in direct proportion to the # of 'male feminists' around.\""
"George Strait has at least 1 too. \"Amarillo by morning\""
"Ten Toes down"
"It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen. George Orwell Happy Friday the 13th!"
"Tried to. Saw the word \"funk\" and got bored."
"I thought it was good. I didn't know anything about it going into it. Honestly, wanted to see Avengers, but it was sold out."
"wow nick, you are very fit"
"When's the last time the Brownies ever made a mistake on draft day?"
"Our care should not be to have lived long as to have lived enough"
"and you'd think they'd get beat up enough not to name their own sons that, but no. There are at least 3 Sackfields."
"I promise you will have many chances to support the campaign :)"
"Happy #mm all you #musicheads out there. Any suggestions?"
"#MoneyTeam Good fight"
"Bensinger: bankruptcy court is a great place to look when covering issues of the economic underclass."
"Hilton Head airport's motto: \"Just because we're small doesn't mean we don't take our security processes seriously!\" or something like that"
"- dude! Looked like you when Napoli (Tiger) made that caught-stealing throw. (I root 4 the Tiger)."
"Across the Hall is a contemporary romance. Thanks for asking."
"Happy thanksgiving/ turkey day :D"
"Next Friday will be my last day of school(:"
"Overheard: \"If I catch one of you kids chewing on your pencil...\""
"how do I still have a hangover"
"I dislike when Ibrahim tried to get me to talk to her."
"will you be back saturday? ??"
"\"Just pick up a fucking book\""
